This review has been a long time coming. I go here with my girlies when we are craving a margarita and fundido. That is THE only reason why we choose this place. Other than location as it is closer to us. Their margaritas are okay, I usually get the Pom Pom. But lately it's rare when we get a good glass of it. Lately it's very syrupy or too sour. 

Last night was a good example of why I give this place two stars. My girls and I get there at 9:30pm, we are ignored by the waitress for fifteen minutes. She saw us first arrive and continued to serve her other tables. After fifteen minutes, my friend gets up and walks to the table behind us where the server is chatting personally with and asks if we could get service. She comes to our table and asks if we wants menus. She brings us menus. Ten minutes later, it's been 25 minutes now that we have been here. We have no drinks, just menus. She finally comes back over after we flag her down again. We ask for a manager and put in an order. It's now past 10pm and we are hungry, and there's no other place open around to go to if we leave. 

Manager comes over and gives us ten reasons and excuses as to why we probably weren't served within reasonable time. Finally he apologizes and says he'll take care of some things for us on our tab. Our server comes over with our drinks and finally apologizes. Okay, no problem you're forgiven. The night goes well after that... We order a second round of drinks and they're disgusting. We send them back and ask for our tab. The waitress apologizes. The manager comes over and says he took a drink off for each of us to make up for waiting.... I tell him "You mean the one drink we sent back... and didn't drink?" (We only ordered two total drinks each.) He says "damnit", walks away, and never does anything to take care of us. 

Every time I come here it takes so long to get service. But the fundido is delicious that we can't resist coming once every six months.... after we have forgotten how bad the service usually is.