Friends have been telling me about Nando's for a while and my mom is in town so we decided to head on over their Friday night for dinner there was about a 40 min wait, but we were set on staying and trying it out!

We got called to our table, and it was a table within the bar area, my mom did not like that, I asked her if she wanted me to ask them for a different table but she said no. And I thought to myself, then why did you even tell me LOL but the table was kind small and it was my mom, my oldest daughter and I, not really room for our drinks , chips,  and plates and maybe that was what she was talking about.

I got kinda excited when I saw that they had hot and mild sauce, I was thinking oh this might be it, I just might have found something to bring tears to my eyes I was ready for the heat!!!! But sadly it was not, though it was spicy to my mom, I found the hot to be a good flavor just lacking the heat I am seeking. The mild was a great flavored sauce too!

We placed our order and man the kitchen was moving fast, I swear we got our food in like 10 mins, I even think we waited longer for the table then it took to get to a seat, order and eat, crazy.

I ordered the Pollo Rico, crisp chicken burro topped with jalapeno cream cheese & cheddar cheese. When the plate arrived, I noticed that my burrito was cut in half, I don't really like that, let me explain, in my twisted mind I think why is my burro cut in half? Are these 2 halves of someone's left overs?  It's the main reason why I won't ever order a burrito from Garica's. I want my burrito whole (pout pout) and I looked around and saw other people's plates and their burros were not cut, what gives, but I got over my own issue. The burrito was lacking the jalapeno cream cheese, I didn't see it on the top, I found some on the bottom of on half, and what I had tasted good, the burrito itself was topped cheese, too much cheese for my liking also it wasn't crispy, it was soft, but the flavor of the dish was delish! The portions are huge, the beans and rice looked and tasted great! I think next time I will just order tacos, and hope they are not cut in half haha