As a former employee of Mad Mex Robinson, and a current regular at Mad Mex ShadySide, it kind of pains me a little bit to re-review and give them 3 stars - but in reality, it's a 2.5.  But now that they're almost a full year in - the shining example they displayed with great food and service during their opening month, has dwindled severely.

The reason for the re-view and severe star-docking?  Their consistency in food quality and service is non-existent at this location.  Jordan and I walk over there at least once-twice a week when we don't want to cook, and we have discovered that the only good time to go and get awesome food, is a busy Saturday night, because that's when the best line cooks and servers are scheduled to work.  If we go on a not-so-busy afternoon or weekday evening, our food sucks, and the service is even worse.  And ordering To Go isn't really a time-saver since the Bartender will ignore you.

I will leave out server and bartender names, just to be polite, but MULTIPLE servers (and I mean MULTIPLE) here, are just the worst in the city.  They're forgetful, slow, and always diffusing responsibility to a faceless kitchen.  On those days that we would go in the afternoon, every server on the floor is still visibly drunk and/or high from the night before, and audibly bragging about it.  Not that I care that people are drunk and/or high - but just be sure you can still function at a basic human level if those are your life choices.  

My favorite things on the menu are the Angry Hippie Burrito, Foo-Foo Fajitas, and the Tofu Tacos.  Now when we go on a Saturday night - these plates are BANGIN' and totally delicious.  I crave the Tofu Tacos because they're so unique and so filling - whatever that glaze is on the tofu - I can't recreate it at home, unfortunately (and we have TRIED!).  I have to go to Mad Mad to enjoy my Tofu Taco craving.  The Angry Hippie Burrito is freaking awesome too, because it's enormous and there's tons of veggie goodness in it (if it's not overly dominated by black beans).  The Foo-Foo Fajitas - portobello and tofu and a party of other veggies (zucchini, corn, onions, peppers) - just makes love to your face once the skillet passes in front of you.  

Though the wait times are long on weekends, you will mostly likely have a better food and service experience.  I promise.