I have mixed feelings about Mad Mex.  I get really excited about going there, but the food always falls a notch short of my expectations.  But then, a few weeks or months later, I make plans to go back and I get all pumped up about it....and then the food is mediocre.  I guess I just have selective memory about Mad Mex - all I remember is the fun atmosphere and the chance to have margaritas with friends, and I block out the disappointing food.

Yesterday was my first time at this Mad Mex.  It was during the crazy heat wave, and I went with a big group of girls around 6 pm for Happy Hour.  And....the power was out.  Not on the whole block, just at Mad Mex.  Maybe their AC was cranked up so high they blew a fuse?  One of the girls in our group said this actually happened the last time she was at this location - in May - so apparently it's more than a one-time thing.

Lots of people were leaving, since the power was out, but we actually decided to go ahead and get a table since there was no wait!  I guarantee you there would be a wait normally, but if you are lucky enough to go when there's a power outage, you get seated immediately!  The big windows provided enough light to see, and it was a bit humid in there but not too bad.  The bar was still open, so we got margaritas ($7 for a "Big Azz" 22 oz) and chips and salsa.  The margarita was really tasty, but not strong at all.  If I'm getting a 22 oz margarita, I want to feel tipsy - especially on an empty stomach - but I barely got a buzz with this one.  Boo!  Maybe their tequila bottle runs on electricity and was experiencing the power shortage too.

The chips and dips were great, though.  Yummy, fresh guacamole....and the pineapple-habanero salsa was DELISH.  I could eat that all day.  It was sort of thin, with a soupy consistency, but my goodness was it yummy.  Sweet and fruity, with a huge spice kick!  I will definitely get that next time, because who am I kidding - I'll be back again, I'm sure.

After about 45 minutes, the lights came back on!  Yaaaaaay!  So we got to order food.  I was pretty full on chips, so I just got a bowl of chickpea chili.  It was okay....really not that great.  It was super thin, and salty, with some chickpeas and cheese floating around in it.  It wasn't very strongly flavored, not very gourmet, not very special.  It was okay to dip chips in, but it was nothing I'd bother ordering again.  I just got it because it's one of the only things on the menu that doesn't have like, a thousand calories.  I'm really not a calorie-counter usually, but I try not to eat my entire days worth of calories in one sitting, if I can help it.

The atmosphere is fun, a little noisy, but you can hear your friends.  I love the big windows, and this location is much more light and spacious than the evil Oakland location.  I think though, this place is not worth the hype.  With the decor and the crowds, you think "I'm having fun!"  But if you stop for a minute and notice what you're actually eating or drinking, you realize that it's okay, but not really worth the excitement.  But the spirit of the place is kind of addicting - seriously, if somebody asked me to go back tomorrow, I'd totally do it.  They've got a hold on me!