Went there with friends tonight (a Wednesday), early (we thought) at 6 o'clock, and the wait was already a half-hour for tables.  We only really wanted margs and chips/guac anyway, so thought it was only fair that we go into the bar area in the middle of the restaurant for our happy hour - and by 'happy' I was shooting for 'getting to sit' and by 'hour' I mean I didn't have all night.  So we get our drinks and end up standing quite awhile behind the people sitting at the bar, as many of them save seats for their late/invisible friends. We were getting really hungry for something to nosh on and couldn't really see a way to do this when we couldn't even physically reach the bar, so we decide to try our luck hovering by the bar tables instead... low and behold, one finally opens up!!  We beat out girls who had not been waiting as long and got to it faster.  And then...lower and beholder, a waitress comes over and tells us those are NOT bar tables, they're ones you have to be seated in by the hostess.  Silly us, thinking the high up tables with barstools in the sectioned-off bar area were for bar patrons!  So, we had to get back up and wait allll over again. Ultimately the service was fine, but that the woman was not even remotely apologetic about this was weird to me.  You'd also think that 'please see host/ess for seating at this table' signs would be warranted...the two other Mad Mex's I've been to, Oakland and North Hills, both have tables in their bar area, so it's not like it was some crazy idea I came up with.  So some type of signage would've been appreciated. Alas, Big Burrito is taking over the world (I'm sure they'll be catering the UPMC hospital cafeterias soon) so it obviously does not matter what I think.

I've never had THAT much trouble getting seated, at the bar or at a table, at the Oakland location...and for my money, especially if I'm hungry, the North Hills location I've never seen have a wait. And contrary to what many people who live in the East End think -- the North Hills is REALLY not far. This just irritated the crap out of me this evening -- unless you have all the time in the world, go to Buffalo Blues. The food is just as good and you won't have to wait until your first child is born to get to sit down after a long day of work.