Wow, what a disappointment, I think I was jaded by my earlier experience here.

I am quite confused but the inconsistency between each location.  And every year I always seem to run into the same problem.  No two location are alike, which cannot be a good thing.

First, why do you feel the need to always sit a party of two in that row of tables that basically crams you into the lab of the person at the next table.  It's not fun having to move your glass or plate every time someone gets up to use the restroom or leave.  

Second, what was up with our server?  It was like we were partially listened to the whole night.  I've had many good experiences with Mad Mex, but this server may have ended my kindness towards them and disrupted my return business from ever coming back.  I asked about a particular meal and she needed to consult her manager (I was coming here to redeem my birthday meal (good for up to $30)), she came back and said her manager was fine with that and then I proceeded to order.  When we got through with the order, it's like deja vu.  She had to consult with her manager again.  But before we left, we had asked for chips and salsa.

Third, the wait.  After the ordering debacle, we waited and waited.  After about ten minutes of not seeing our waiter again, I had to pull another waiter over and ask if he could send her our way with our chips and salsa.  Once she decided to grace us with her presence, she stated, "you didn't order this, I didn't know you wanted it."  At this point, I'm getting hot, and it was from the spicy food.

Fourth, the food.  I had a chicken, steak and ground beef taco.  Opted for the soy cheese and tofu sour cream and some beans and rice.  Great to mix together.  The chicken was fine.  The steak, a little too well cooked for my liking even though I asked for medium.  And the ground beef, yuck.  It's like they just scraped what was left in bottom of the pan and threw it on a tortilla.

Fifth, the price.  For my meal, which should have been free as it was under the $30 limit, I was still charge partly for it.  They only discounted $8 off my check.  Don't get me wrong, I'll pay for my food, I'm not always a cheap bastard, but for the subpar food I just got, with the service that was almost nonexistent, I feel as I should have been compensated for more than $8.

Mad Mex, you let me down, badly.  My business can go elsewhere in the Shadyside area now, or maybe that can go for other locations as well.