I've been waiting to review this Mex since it opened right by mi casa.  I've already been there dozens of times...  I was there with the masses on opening night, and I even chose it over Casbah for my graduation (unorthodox, I know).  But my experiences last night pushed me into writing the review.

I showed up with my guy friends who were being a little rowdy, but the service from the hosts, the waitress, and the bartender was excellent.  Our waitress was so nice that she let us keep our table for a full hour after the dining area closed, without complaining.  Of course, once we realized that we were supposed to have moved to the bar by then, we closed our enormous tab with her.  Kudos.  Every time I've been to this Mex, the service has been friendly and fun--the wait staff edges on flirty and likes dress in themes relating to this week's celebrity hot mess (last night was Ke$ha).  It's entertaining.

As far as the food goes, I'm totally aware that this is not legit Mexican, Tex-Mex, or Cali-Mex.  It's Penna-Mex.  Which I'm totally okay with; it appeals to my bland palate.  I could eat the chicken Mad Mex Quesadilla--the most unoriginality titled item on the menu--every day. 

The beer selection ranges from seasonals (pumpkins, harvests, Oktoberfests) to locals (East End, Penn) to unique (whatever the hot microbrewery of the moment is--Great Lakes, Brooklyn) to the decent standards (Blue Moon).  Recently, I've tried the Brooklyn Oktoberfest and Southern Tier Pumpkin, and I liked both.  The liquor varies from top shelf to bottom of the barrel, and the pours are weak.

That leaves the margaritas.  Mad Mex Big Azz margs and I go way back to the days of living in South Oakland when we'd sit on my friend's porch across the street and try to figure out the perfect time to show up to take advantage of both the marg special and the half-price student special.  After a summer in Texas, I'm no longer a big fan of the frozen margarita, but I love a good marg on the rocks.  Unfortunately, the Big Azz on the rocks is not something one can drink without furrowed brows and puckered lips.  But, yes, it will get you drunk in a hurry if you can't afford one of the top shelf margs.

The atmosphere is the best of the Mex here.  It's kitschy.  But the larger bar area and the garage door side make up of the silliness of the decor.

Tip: If you go on a weekend, you can use the FREE valet for Casbah across the street (both are owned by Big Burrito).  The cost of the tip is probably worth avoiding the frustration of circling around Shadyside for a nonexistent parking spot.