I came here Saturday evening yesterday and seeing that there were several seats available at the bar I took one and sat down. The bartender approached me and asked me what I would like. I said just a glass of water. She asked if I wanted anything else and I said no I'm fine. She gave me a disgruntled look and walked away. Shortly after, another bartender approached me and asked me if I wanted anything and I said I was okay. He said would you like a menu. Feeling a little guilty I agreed to take one but said I ate earlier. He then asked if I had any intention of ordering anything. I said I wasn't sure and then I offered to give up my seat if more people came, after which he then left. I immediately got off my seat and left the establishment.

I can't recall anytime in recent history being treated like that. While I respect the need for establishments to make money and to attract paying customers, it did not sit well with me that I could not even sit down at their bar and relax for a few moments with a drink of water. On plenty of occasions I've gone to other establishments and not been hassled over ordering water. If treated nicely or if the bar was crowded, I would tip when given water or would order something since I do understand their business needs. However, treating a potential customer like a vagrant off the street and not offering any initial hospitality is not a wise business model. This form of treatment makes them feel insulted and not only discourages them from becoming paying customers, but encourages them to write negative reviews and to share their story word of mouth to anyone who will listen.

If management is so adamant that every person entering their establishment is a paying customer then they must make it into a policy that is clear to incoming patrons. This can be done by putting up signs and also by training personnel to respectfully inform patrons of this policy when they sit at the bar. Digressing, if the bar was crowded and if I continued to order water then I could see their point.

One other point I should make is that I had just spent $60 at Casbah, the adjacent restaurant, which if I understand correctly, is operated under the same management. Regardless, no incoming patron deserves to be treated like a deadbeat. Any successful business model incorporates courtesy, respect, hospitality, and the crazy notion that any incoming patron has the potential to become a repeat customer if they are treated right. From the treatment I received, I can see that either no such model exists for this establishment, or the hiring or training regimen is in need of some TLC. The experience I had infuriated me and, short of a sincere apology, I will never go back and will share this experience with others.