A friend and I were going to go to Garduno's for lunch, but when we got to Texas Station, we saw a sign that reminded her it was only open for dinner!  Total bummer.  

We wanted to have some really great Mexican food for lunch but weren't sure of another good restaurant in the Northwest.  I'm still relatively new to town (as far as going out is concerned).  I was trying to install the Yelp app on my phone but it wouldn't install, and my phone died before I could find another good place nearby.  

So we decided we would try Dona Maria Tamales.  The salsa seemed fresh and was really flavorful - it had a nice bit of spice to it, too.  (It always gives me a good impression when the chips and salsa are good so I was looking forward to our lunch.) 

I ordered the two tamale lunch (one pork with red sauce and one cheese with green chiles) and a tea.  My friend ordered the enchilada lunch with a chile relleno and a pink lemonade.  Our server was timely and polite for the most part, even though for a while during my lunch I had to wait for more tea before I was able to finish my food.

Apparently there was supposed to be some sauce on my tamales?  (Is that a fact?)  Well, there wasn't any, and they tasted pretty bland.  I was disappointed because my "cheese and green chile" tamale had chicken in it and no green chiles to be found - it was literally flavorless and generally unpalatable.  The "red pork" tamale just had pork in it - where was the red sauce, filler, simmer sauce, where was "red" anything?

My friend said she was less than impressed with her enchilada and chile relleno.  She let me have a bite of her chile relleno and it tasted about 20x better than my tamales - lucky her!  I ended up dumping half of the container of salsa on my tamales, and that barely helped.  The rice and beans were just standard fare - refried beans with some cheese on top and kind of tomatoey rice.  (I really don't like stewed tomato flavor anything). 

Anyway, if you get the tamales without the sauce, or the "green chile" cheese tamale without green chiles and some random chicken in it you didn't ask for or really enjoy, and you have the time (unfortunately today I didn't) - send 'em back if they'll let you and get something else! Maybe some of the seafood dishes here or dinner courses are better, I haven't tried them, but with our experience today, it isn't likely that either of us will return any time soon.