I'll have to say I was pleasantly surprised by La Mestiza. After moving to Madison in March (2012) from Chicago I lamented ever finding good Mexican food in town. I went to La Mestiza twice and have to say the food is pretty good. Let it be known I am judging Mexican food against places in the Pilsen and Logan Square neighborhoods of Chicago as well as locales in Southern California, so I have fairly high standards. 3 stars is a good showing, a against all of Madison this is the best I've had so far.

On visit #1 I had mole enchiladas, and they were a solid presentation wit a good portion. The mole was of good quality even if a touch under-spiced, but opinions vary on that topic. The chicken in those enchiladas, however, was the best. It was tender, white and juicy; not dry as in every other enchilada I've had. Rice was ok but the vegetarian black beans were excellent with very balanced flavors. I recommend those highly.

On visit #2, I had lunch. This time I wanted to get a taste of their various meats so I went with a trio of tacos -- one al Pastor, one chicken, and one carne asada. The chicken was good and the carne asada better than most, but I found the al pastor lacking with too much sweetness. All tacos were proper tacos with doubled-up corn tortillas, diced onion and chopped cilantro. The refried beans and the rice were average, but that's not a negative. They're fine, just nothing special.

Despite the strip mall location, La Mestiza has been able to make you feel as if you're not in a strip mall. I feel they're done they best they can on that front and applaud them for it. 

Service was pleasant and attentive, but both times items I had ordered were forgotten and I had to ask. My opinion is the waitstaff is pressed due to a groupon deal, so I won't fault them too much for it. Again, they were super nice both times, just a little forgetful. Seeing a table of 12 walk in will do that, I suppose. Prices were fair but nothing to write home about. I did not have and drinks, but the selection of Mexican beers looked good. I would get Pacifico if I were you.

I would give 3.5 stars if I could. I will still be back and hope they iron out the kinks sometime soon.