So we stumbled in here because babystackz was super packed and we were starving. When we walked in we were able to pick wherever we wanted to seat and that was cool. Started looking over the menu and wasn't too sure if id like it here not. So I'll just go on to rate the food

Calamari tacos (4.5/5) kind of expecting squid with tentacles but nope just strips so probably frozen. But the flavors were so simple and tasted great.

Chimichanga with bulgogi beef (3.99/5) when I'm eating something with bulgogi I feel as if I'm exPecting the meat to totally blow my mind with bursting flavors but it wasn't as bulgogi as I expected. I'm not sure that makes sense but some of you that read this may know what I'm taking about. The Mexican part of this dish was very good and their salsas that you can put on this are all great

Pork belly musubis (5/5)- omg! This was probably my favorite thing here. it wasn't just covered with teriyaki sauce like most
places just to give the meat flavor cooked right the pork belly had the good crisp on it like bacon but I would like it a little more crisp. The coolest thing was our waitress did say I could add an egg on it and have like mini breakfast musubis so ill be back to try this for sure

Kimchi fried rice( 3/5) this dish needs some work so I don't have that much to say but the flavors need to be brought it with more vegetables that I feel were missing from a kimchi fried rice. I don't mind the soggy sometimes as long as fried rice has that little burnt taste like it was cooked on a hot wok but it wasn't there and too mushy.

Korean Chicken wings (3/5)-one of my favorite things if done right but some disappointing news for you here from me was the chicken was frozen and fried which made it hard. im very picky when it comes to chicken and yeah it didn't compare to the same wings from soyo or buldogis.

The prices and the service was good so we will definitely be back to try other things I just hope I can give my honest review first and maybe they can work on these things and ill enjoy the food more going forward.