This is a tough one. I want to like this place but....   It is definitely local and been around for forever. You almost wouldn't know it is there. It is kind of tucked back in a corner off a side street but easy enough to find. I like the inside decor. Different rooms almost with different themes. One almost looks like you are kind of underwater.
I was meeting other friends here who were already inside so I wandered in. I told the hostess I was meeting people and was told that I could go and find them. Sure it would have been nice to have been lead to the table but most of the time they just seem to be walking with you anyway so that could be points off or not. Easily found my friends and sat down. Water and menus were already on the table and we were still waiting for a few more. Looking over the drinks I see they have Modelo Especial on tap it would be better if it was Negro Modelo but that will do. Waitress came over after a few minutes and took my drink order. It came out pretty quick and in the mean time I was looking over the menu and the rest of the party showed up. When asked the waitress said she couldn't do separate checks but could split them up at the end. That was ok. I finally decided on the Machaca after asking my friends who had been here before what they recommended. I had never had it before. While we were waiting it was chips and salsa time. They were ok. Nothing really great. Salsa wasn't really that hot. I know it was way under powered for my friends who like very spicy salsa though.
The food came out after not too long. It came in waves. I will say that my water was never empty and dirty plates were not around very long. Here is where it gets tough because after everything being so so the food was really good. Nice flavor on the beef and homemade tortillas were very good. Overall it was a very good meal. Not disappointed at all.
Now this isn't my new favorite place and it wasn't some of the best Mexican food I have had in the Valley but it was good. Good enough that I would like to go back and try it again with a smaller group and see how the experience is then. They could even earn another star.

One tip: From second hand information, having not experienced it myself, I'm told go to the bathroom here at your own risk. It is pretty bad. That is just what I have heard.