I think I may have come here with expectations that were over the top. However, the food here is GOOD, I just don't think it warrants me being a fan of it, or saying this is as good as it gets. This has been a trend with "celebrity chef" restaurants I have eaten at lately. I came here for their "Border Brunch" $29.99 all you can eat breakfast tapas. Plus my friends and I opted for the extra $5 bottomless mimosas.

I had the orange mimosa, which I am sure I would have enjoyed more had I not drunk myself into a stupor the night previous. It was still a good mimosa though. As for the tapas I tried:

Breakfast Enchilada - Spicy, spicy! Seriously this thing had some heat. The flavors were good, but I think it gave me heartburn while I was sitting there at the table.

Skirt Steak & Egg - My second favorite dish. The steak was cooked well, the egg was a nice touch, the guac was good.

Peruvian Shrimp & Grits - Okay. Is it just me or does it bother anyone else when shrimp is covered in sauce, and yet the tail is still connected, so you have to dig through the sauce, pick up the shrimp and eat it with your fingers because you don't want to be eating shell? This is a good dish though and a surprisingly good combo.

Pancakes - I forget exactly what these were called, but they were basically mini pancakes with a lot of chocolate chips. Pretty much a sugar high on a plate.

Chorizo and Egg Tacos - My favorite dish of all. I kind of wish I had just ordered a bunch of these tacos to be honest. They were just freaking good. And you get two on a plate, so that's a nice touch. Really, I'm thinking about these tacos right now and I WANT THEM.

Anyway, I just don't think this place warrants its high prices. I feel as though the brunch could be priced $5 cheaper because of the quality of the food. Yes, maybe it's a top chef or whatever, but I just don't think this place feels like a place where I should be shelling out $8 for coffee, which I did not do by the way, even though I was wishing for coffee SO BAD during my meal.

Overall, it's okay. It's not great, especially when compared to so many other places you can go on the strip, or in Las Vegas in general. Would I come back? Maybe just for the chorizo and egg tacos....