Located on Charleston, just west of Rainbow, Frijoles is a new, almost fast-casual style Mexican restaurant. As others have mentioned, it's inside an old Pizza Hut so it's a pretty good sized location. There's plenty of seating inside and although a few empty tables were dirty, they seem to keep it fairly clean. For whatever reason, they lack a salsa bar and keep the drink fountain behind the counter. I don't understand why as they have a counter type section just to the right of the front counter that would be perfect for a salsa bar, drink station or possibly even both.

On the menu they offer up most of the usual stuff like burritos, tacos and tostadas, but they also have nachos, fries, street corn and even a whole line of fresh fruit drinks. The way the tacos are done is a little different though. If you want a standard street style taco, you'll want to order what they call the "Mini Taco". What they advertise as just a "Taco" is basically a fully loaded taco with your choice of meat. All the pricing is very fair and for 5 of us, the bill was just over $40.

I ended up ordering 3 different tacos to try, one each of the shrimp, al pastor and carne asada. The tacos are loaded pretty good with toppings and they aren't skimpy with the meat which is always a huge plus. Tortillas were decent and I like that they give them like just a light touch on the grill. Out of the 3, my favorite was the shrimp. Each shrimp was plump and cooked very well. However, the al pastor was a little lacking in flavor and although the carne asada tasted good, it was super dry. They do have a couple sauces at the table that helped and while pretty tasty, they were way too spicy for my 5 year old. We also got a couples orders of chips and quac. Their quac was thick and fresh but the chips come in a pretty small order and were super salty. 

The service was ok but they definitely have some kinks to work out. I noticed a few others mention the same thing but our food came out in such weird intervals. Our food came out first, then chips, then the quac for the chips and then when we were almost done eating, the corn came. Just strange. It also seemed like the owner was working harder than anyone else. While I think it's necessary for an owner to work in their business and I appreciate it, I don't see why he's sweating and running around while employees are standing behind the counter doing nothing. 

All-in-all, this is a solid little joint and I think with time and minor changes, they will do really well. Nothing stood out as outstanding but it was decent and I would come back when in the area.