I like the review of the whacked waiter... i think he may be still at work at 'Cantina Laredo' cuz i think he served us....... 

Called ahead after a Cardinals game to make sure there was room enough for our party of 10- 
" No problem " we were told , come on down. 

arrived 9:00 ish on a beautiful 80F evening in Scottsdale -stepped across a half empty patio into the spacious Cantina - chilled to an ungodly 60F- 

Note to the great state of Arizona : 

(the reason that y'all are booming and experiencing sustained in-migration is because people are like lizards--- ( in more ways than one)---they like the sun , they like the heat ... they flee from northern climes to get away from the chill - Don't AC your premises such that it reminds us of Duluth in winter.... we just escaped Duluth in winter and fled south to thaw ) .

we asked for a spot on the patio and our man immediately declined stating that " he had already set a table for us inside"- 

upon my wife's insistence that he reevaluatethe patio  he disappeared for a moment or two and then reappeared - affirming that the half empty patio was indeed full. 

this puzzled my wife who then surmised that : 

A) he wanted our large party in his section -not the patio

B) there would likely be a built in minimum gratuity on the final bill 
                                      ( there was) 
                 
after taking our drink order ,(competently),  he returned with salsa and chips. The salsa he described as being of two types "hot " or "regular"-
there were indeed two temperatures -but they appeared  to be seperated thermally rather than chemically -??  the same salsa one served at room temperature , one served chilled...???

when asked about the best dishes for people who wanted a little kick to their food he replied: 
" I wouldn't really know , I don't like spicy food" 

????????????????? 

Dude , can you not at least fake something.... it is after all a Mexican restaurant. If people want spice they go Mexican - if they want bland they seek out a Saskatchewan restaurant - non? 

The meal was salvaged - ( not saved), by a compatriot of our man who hailed from Durango- he spoke knowledgeably about the menu , filled our empty margarita glasses and retreated into the kitchen to assemble , on our behalf , a pepper mole sauce that was truely outstanding.

The food was uninspired -( there was a Baja Grill of some sort across the parking lot and we wondered if they shared a kitchen...) , the service was poor ( excepting our hombre from Mejico ), and the casa freakishly cold--

Two stars tops over all but boosted up to three by our amigo from Victoria de Durango