I wanted to love this place! I have been looking for a good Mexican restaurant and everyone has been suggesting La Mestiza. It's a little pricey for Mexican food so we made a point to go for Happy Hour and we were told it would be well worth it either way. 

We were greeted by a nice young lady named Silvia (it said on the receipt) who promptly filled our water glasses. We asked what the Happy Hour specials were and she said, "Oh gosh (long thoughtful pause), I don't even know...it's been so long since anyone has asked." At first, I interpreted it as "hey D-Bag, you're at a gourmet restaurant and the price shouldn't matter." I gave her the benefit of the doubt.  

We ordered a margarita and a can of Tecate (which are $4 and $2.50 during H.H. since Silvia isn't going to know). She came back to the table and I thought she was going to ask salt or no salt but she forgot the order in the 30 seconds she was away; she never asked about salt but I didn't care. 

Side note: the Yelp check in offer is for a $7.95 lunch special but the specials range from $5.99 - $7.99 so don't even bother checking in. 

I thought the margarita was fantastic. No fake green color or sweet and sour mix - 5 stars for a house margarita. 

The chips were also fantastic, light and crispy, and came with a mild green and "hot" red salsa. Both had good flavor but there was barely enough in the dishes to scoop onto the chip and neither had much heat. I noticed on the menu that a 2nd basket of chips was $1 and each additional salsa was $0.50 which Silvia was pushing heavily. I commented on the lack of heat and she asked me if I wanted to try one of their hotter salsas. I happily agreed. 

I got the happy hour taco trio of Al Pastor which were top notch! I also really like the new hot salsa. Silvia also forgot this order and had to check back again. 

In the meantime, a guy came in and ordered a margarita. He asked several questions that he didn't like the answers to or Silvia didn't know the answers to. He tried the margarita and informed the waitress that he didn't like it and wanted to go. She brought him the check and he refused to pay for it. From what I could gather, Silvia was saying that he drank some of it so he had to pay. She wouldn't take it off the bill and at one point I heard someone say that they would call the police if he didn't pay for it. A manager came out and eventually took it off the bill but only after a few more minutes of arguing. 

Finally, I got my check and I was charged $1.59 for "trying" the hot salsa even though the menu states that salsa refills are $0.50. 

To summarize, the drinks were really good. The food was great. The service was totally spaced out at best. But, overall I felt like they were trying to nickel and dime people. Charging for chips and salsa, bogus Yelp check in offers, overcharging for salsa refills and shaking the guy down for a margarita he didn't care for. 

If they made a few tweaks to their service and pricing, this could easily be a 5 star place.