Ok, I get why this place is so popular. It is decorated uber-cool and has great music. Unfortunately the popularity means that we had to wait 45 minutes for a table. That would have been ok if it weren't for the fact that A - the hostess told us it would only be 15 minutes and B - she took our drink orders and my friend's credit card and then never came back and C - we saw multiple other parties that arrived after us were seated before we were. We sat outside in the lawn chairs, drinkless, until my friend went and tracked her down to find out what was going on. And even after we were moved to a table inside and greeted by Josh, our server, she still had a hard time getting the credit card back. After that we had to wait another 15-20 minutes just to be able to order.

Overall, the service was pretty terrible. Apparently the owners think that 3 teenagers are enough waitstaff for the entire restaurant and bar and that plus the fact that they pool tips means that none of them really care about whether the guests have a good experience. The drinks were also hit or miss. I really enjoyed my cucumber agua fresca even though it was a little too sweet for me. But another friend got the blood orange margarita and it was awful. I am not sure if it was made wrong or what but since Josh's visits to our table were few and far between she didn't have an opportunity to send it back.

So, why 3 whole stars you ask? Well, the tacos were pretty tasty. We all got the three taco plate because with three you get the free side. The orange cucumber salad was definitely worth it. I ordered the braised beef, grilled fish, and cochinita pibil. The pork on was a little underwhelming but the other two were outstanding. The fish was cooked perfectly and I loved the flavor of the beef. Other favorites from my girlfriends were the shrimp and veggie tacos. The tacos were all pretty small so you should definitely order 2 or 3 of them. So, overall the meal ended up being about $12. Not bad. But the drinks were really overpriced so that balanced out. Overall, I was happy with the quality of the food and it would be a pretty cool place to hang out if they could improve their staff.