Frank & Lupe's is like the melding of two worlds. Good ol' America and Mexico, you're thinking, huh? Not exactly. I'm talking about one world with good service and another world with not-so-good service. Which world you land in, and, thus, the type of service you receive depends solely on you.

I've been to Frank & Lupe's maybe four or five times. Once was a visit to the Santos Lounge portion of the property. You can read up on that venture on your own. All other times, except once, I've been drawn to the backyard patio. This is Scottsdale, after all, and great weather demands that we remain outdoors to celebrate it. The problem is that the patio is found in the world of not-so-good service.

Frank & Lupe's tends to draw large groups. Many times, those groups are made up of tourists. Being tourists, they usually want to sit outside because they are from far off places where "outside" is no farther away than the garage. That's okay. But be prepared for a bit of a wait while said tourists stretch out and make this place their own. You should also be prepared for the somewhat frenetic pace that comes when servers wait on large groups --- especially large groups of tourists. It can be dizzying. Or, maybe it was the hunger that was making me dizzy.

Servers will come and go. They'll go to other tables. They will eventually come to your table and take your order. It is done with a smile and friendly feel. But then they will go to other tables and leave you with an empty glass and a mouth dry from the basket of chips you gorged on. A possible solution might be to order one of those beer buckets. Another solution is to snag a table inside where the world of good service is to be found.

After always venturing to the patio and always receiving sub-par service, I figured it was time to try inside. What a difference it made. We were seated and waited on immediately and proceeded to get the greatest service I had ever had at Frank & Lupe's. I never got his name, but I think he works behind the bar sometimes. So efficient was the service that we were wiping our mouths and settling the tab before we even made a dent in the night. A stroll through the galleries during Art Walk helped take care of that, though.

The bottom line here is that the food is pretty good and the service is great ... or not so great, depending on your chosen world.