So, I waited for about a week to write this review and this is why.

It was my best friend's graduation and to celebrate we went to this location, it was my first time and she highly recommended it. I ordered the Mole Pablano and the Chile Relleno, both were very good. I have not tried any mole dishes before but since this is, as what the others described it as "authentic," I guess it was not a bad place to try my first mole. With the live music and Mexican decoration, and the sporadic "birthday" or "congratulatory" chants, gives this restaurant a unique Mexican experience that I have not yet experience. But let's get down to why I am giving Lindo Michoacan "3-stars." 

Although I value the quality of food very highly, I also value service. It was a busy weekend, but I can't really say whether or not it is a "normal" weekend for them. We had a big group, a part of about 20, and we had one waiter. I was one of the last guests to arrive and the waiter was getting everyone's drinks, I had a slight hesitation when he asked me and before I know it, he already was on the next guest. He also kept going back to me asking me, very sternly, if I was ready to order, wanting me to make a decision. After the third time, I said I was ready, but mind you, he wasn't really taking any order, he just wanted to know if we were ready. At this point, I was already peeved. And, he also managed to annoy half of our party. One of our party had a specific order and this was repeated 3x, twice in English and once in Spanish. When his order came, he was surprised that it was wrong. He pointed this out to our server and our server told him they can scoop it out for him or hand him a spoon to do it himself. After some deliberation, he gave the plate back and said he does not want the food anymore. At this point, the server called him an "a-hole" in Spanish, NOT KNOWING HE IS FLUENT IN SPANISH! The manager was called and talked to our friend and only then when this server came over to "personally apologize." I do not believe it was sincere at all since he only have done so since he got caught! There was no compensation, that I was aware of the same server kept serving us. I was not happy about his service and wished we did not leave any tip/gratuity towards him. I would have left it to the bus boys. 

Big question, will I go back? I would only go back if a friend, who also speaks Spanish, wanted to go. Don't get me wrong, I guess this is an isolated incident and the other staff are welcoming.