Opened in 1970, La Piñata, a family affair, has been dishing up Sonora style Mexican food for 39 years. Walking into the restaurant you're immediately transported back to 1970. No time machine required, thanks to dark orange vinyl booths, plastic wood laminate tables and stucco walls. The only element missing were the traditional Mexican dresses. Though it something feels like it wasn't that long ago when those may have been retired. Even in the 70's style, La Piñata is relaxed, like going to a friend's house for dinner. The dark orange vinyl might be original but you can tell this place is loved and well cared for.  Not a strip of duct tape anywhere!

Starting with chips and salsa is almost always pure happiness. Hot and crispy, slightly salty paired with thick chunky salsa, a real bargain at free. Be warned if you think thick and chunky means mild and bland, far from it. On first bite the fresh tomato flavor bursts into your mouth followed quickly by a smack of the spicy chili heat. The 2 contrasts work so well together that it's quite difficult to stop eating until the bowl is empty. Cleverly hidden in the back as to make it more special, is another salsa, this one being almost as spicy and slightly sweet. Many Mexican restaurants have a spicier salsa they keep in back and will only bring out if requested. Ask for this one and your server will happily bring you out a dish.

For lunch La Piñata offers a variety of specials. There's a Taco in My Burro ($4.95) that uses a large flour tortilla, filling it up with ground beef, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese and onions.  Try getting your mouth around this one! Letter F ($8.95) combines a taco of your choice and a cheese enchilada served with rice and beans. The shredded beef taco was decent but it was the cheese enchilada that rocked this plate. The sauce was so wonderfully creamy you couldn't tell where the sauce ended and the melted cheese began.   A dozen of these wouldn't be enough!  A, Taco Salad ($6.50) could be considered a lighter option if the deliciously crunchy shell was missing. Who wants to give up that texture for a few hundred calories? Choice of chicken or beef and topped by large dollops of guacamole and sour cream, pure caloric heaven!   

Aside from the luncheon menu the remainder can be ordered all day. Being a great place to start, the Mary Lou ($8.75), may sound like a retired Olympic gymnast, is actually red or green chile with meat, folded into a humongous cheese crisp served with a cruet full of sour cream. The red chile has a certain creaminess that's further contrasted with thick tender cubes of beef and a spoonful of sour cream, so easy to swallow. Piñata Appetizers ($12.50) comes on a large dinner plate literally filled with miniature tacos, chimichangas, flautas, green corn tamale and a bowl of refried beans for dipping. This is the mother lode of appetizers, easily feeding 2-4 diners or for a larger appetite ordered as a main course. Being able to try so many different items at one time make this the dim sum of Mexican food.

As you can tell the portion sizes at La Piñata are extremely generous. The Tio Pancho's Pollo Con Queso ($11.95) is an entree force to be reckoned with. A deep fried burro stuffed with tender seasoned chicken and smothered in melted jalapeno cream cheese and cheddar cheese. Easily mesmerized by its girth, one bite and you'll know why you ordered it, simply fantastic. The Yucatan ($11.95) is similar in its approach though this time you're given the choice of meats chicken or beef. Once again smothered, this time in their spinach con queso sauce that combines cheese and spinach into each cheesy melty bite, napkins required.

There are also 10 combination plates for the diner who enjoys variety. The number 2 ($10.95) comes with 2 red or green cheese enchiladas with rice and beans. Again the enchiladas here are simply top drawer. Refried beans are generally the norm, but there is nothing normal about how good these taste. These refried beans could easily make up a meal on their own with a bowl of chips and salsa. Or you can wrap your fist around a Bean Burrito ($4.25) and savor each creamy smooth mouthful.

With so much savory and spicy it's nice to know that there are desserts to refresh your palate. The house made Flan ($4.25) is a great way to finish your meal. It isn't possible but the caramel sauce served with the flan would make an excellent dessert soup. Lightly syrupy with a rich buttery taste, if they do start serving bowl of it, you read it first here! Sopapilla with Honey ($2.95) is always a sticky and sweet pleaser. Lightly fried and delicately crisp on the outside, steamy chewiness on the inside all slathered with thick ropes of golden honey, it isn't just dessert but a simple pleasure.

We are blessed to have one another in our busy day to day lives. So it's nice to know that there are such welcoming places, like La Piñata, where we can tear tortillas, eat homemade beans and just enjoy and celebrate.