When The Arizona Republic recently reported on a new taco shop opening up, I was inclined to read more. After dedicating so much real estate to copy and full-color pictures, not to mention a glowing review, I figured this would be one place I'd have to try. Since I live in the East Valley and work in Downtown Phoenix, I figured the best time to go would be during my lunch hour.

Travel time to the small shop just past Camelback ate up most of my time, so I got my order to go. Not knowing when I'd be back here, I thought I'd try everything that appealed to me. The review mentioned the Fish Tacos. Those sounded good, but I wanted to try a Torta, so I got 'The Surfer' which is their Fish Taco-inspired sandwich. I say 'inspired' because the ingredients aren't quite the same during transition. Like my relentless quest for the ultimate Chicken Fried Steak, I'm always on the lookout for the 'best' Sonoran Hot Dog, but this wasn't Sonoran. Oh well, close enough. To polish off my meal, I went with the Sopapillas. The Republic had a photo that made them look SO good, drizzled in condensed milk, chocolate and sprinkled with Pecans, it's almost suitable for framing.

The result? The hot dog was good, not great. It was on an everyday hot dog bun, not some steamed warm bread that you could find at other places. Simply put, I've had better hot dogs served by an old lady with a cart and a picnic table in a parking lot.

The Torta was good. The contents were tasty and fresh. The bread was less Torta bread and more Ciabatta. Those of you who've had authentic Mexican Tortas know the difference between a Torta and a sandwich. Need I say more?

That brings us to the Sopapillas. Remember, I got these to go, so I didn't have time to inspect before leaving. First off, no pecans. Secondly, they were a tad overcooked. Thirdly, well, let's just say 'smothered' isn't the adjective I'd use to describe them in relation to the sauce. 

The reigning champion of the best dessert in Phoenix has to stay with the Churros of the Barrio Cafe in Phoenix.

So that's it. Some may not like my review. Some may disagree with me solely on the basis that I went to a taco place and didn't have a taco. Whatever. Will I go back? Yeah, probably ... if I'm ever in the neighborhood. It sure beats a '----berto's' any day.