My wife and I were very excited when we drove by and saw a "New Mexico" food restaurant had open less than a mile from where we live. My wife and I met and married in New Mexico. She had lived there 24 years and I lived there for 8. We both adore and missed authentic New Mexican food which differs in taste than traditional Mexican food. The New Mexican cuisine focuses it taste experience on Hatch Chiles from Hatch New Mexico. The Hatch Chile is not hot per se but has a very smooth and flavorful bite that is somewhat unique tasting.  We came sort of late in the evening and 30 minutes before closing. The décor was outstanding the staff was friendly and courteous and the management was genuinely accommodating and gracious.  Since it was late we decided to take out instead of eat in. The homemade chips and salsa were delicious ! The menu was very expansive so it took us a while to order because everything we saw looked scrumptious. We ordered multiple items from tacos, enchiladas, poppers and tamales. The one item we were both were very excited about ordering was the stuffed sopapillas.  Once we got home we quickly open the food bag and laid out our feast. Now comes the hard part of the review that I am trying to be as fair as possible to this new restaurant.  The food was not warm and it came as a surprise to us since we were quite literally 5 minutes from receiving the food and traveling home. The tamales were dry and the "coupe de grai" was the hugely disappointing stuffed sopapillas.   My wife and I have had several varieties of stuffed sopapillas from Santé Fe to Las Cruces and everywhere in between and all had one thing in common. They all were "stuffed" from the inside of the sopapillas. Chile Addition had their  spin and had a "smothered" sopapilla. Both my wife and I could of got passed that except the finish product was visually unappealing and the taste and texture was disappointing.  With any other restaurant I have tried in the past I would of signed them off as a failure and move on to another new restaurant to try. Because of the afore mentioned wonderful staff, friendly and gracious management and the well appointed décor I am going to step out of my comfort zone and retry Chile Addiction and come in at a earlier time and eat in.   Hopefully the meal of June 3rd (their second day opened) was a fluke and the food will match on what we considered an enchanting atmosphere.