VERY CROWDED and LOUD.  boutique eatery.  better menu than the place next door for sure.  loud as hell for dinner hour, but we knew that at the door and elected to stay.  food places should not turn up music till 11pm or later.  greeting could have been more friendly.  hour wait at 10pm for a table of TWO is cuckoo.  we went to the bar, shimmied seats and ate there.

could have been greated more friendly by barstaff.  not rude just not congenial until the BT realized we knew a common party.  service with a smile was better after recognition of a mutual contact.  could use some improvement with speed of drink service (frequent empty glasses and bottles without proactive asking for paid "refills") but food service was pretty quick.  it was busy, but i've seen much better hustle at a bar.

delicious food but too hot and portion problems for the price point.  one ordered pork taco and the other chix taco.  both were good but too hot (and i like spicy food).  wouldn't order the chips and salsa again--waaayyyyy too salty and NOT warm, sauces were nothing to write home about.  if someone gave me the recipe i'd throw it away.  and no pico de gallo on the menu?????  say whaaaa?   beer prices were reasonable.  spirits were not...seemed pricey (i've been all over the country), less expensive as NYC, DC, LA, et but as it should be...too much for the burgh, even a new, swanky place.  i found out the owner of meat and potatoes (the most rude service i have experienced in the burgh) owns tako--hence i had no surprises.

would come back for drinks pregame only.  not enough value for $$ and while the price points themselves were reasonable...the food was WAY skimpy, you'll leave hungry if you don't order several courses.

people that live in pittsburgh will overrate this place and consider this a hit upscale since its new and trendy.  they're not used to these kinds of eateries that only recently popped up. i live in nyc.  i would not consider this upscale.  though everything is relative.  i might call it trendy however.