A-OK.

Even though I may occasionally forget my own definition of the terms, I believe there is a difference between food and cuisine.  Respectively, this is the difference from just getting some yummy eats and a dining, gastronomical experience.  Typically, I also have a problem with this, because I find cuisine only marginally more enjoyable, and sometimes, I disagree that it justifies the price-hike.  I'm a foody -- not a cuisine-y.  Yet, if we can turn a $6 burger into a $60 burger by changing the meat, I guess it would be hypocritical to say a difference in use of cheese, tomato, and corn can make cuisine.  Anyway, I came here thinking I was just going to get some Mexican food, but instead I found myself getting some Mexican cuisine.

I'm not saying I was disappointed, but I wasn't pleasantly surprised either.  Usually when dealing with cuisine, it means you have to also wait a little longer to get in and get out.  Here was no different.  I just wouldn't figure the place next to a gas station as classy, but the place really is quite so.  The staff is very professional; the bar is VERY well stocked with tequila; and the decor is above-par.  Though you do have to pay for all this in the end.  Unfortunately, I broke my own rule for trying a Mexican establishment new to me: I usually get carnitas so I have an equal point of comparison.

Instead I got the taco salad off their lunch menu because of a recommendation, and because I wasn't looking to spend as much as I could have here.  While I we waited, we got the obligatory chips and salsa.  As a special note, they also provide frijoles without having to ask for it.  I decided to go one further, and asked to have some salsa verde as well.  The salsa verde here comes out piping hot, but either way, all three were pretty good dips.

The taco salad comes in either beef or chicken, and I opted for the latter.  A risky decision as most of my experiences with shredded white meat chicken have been unappetizingly dry, but the waiter assured me.  He was no liar.  Possibly the best execution of Mexican shredded chicken I've tasted to date.  The size of the whole thing wasn't too bad, but for the price, I probably should try something else next time.  So for not quite being my thing, I still enjoyed myself enough.