3.5 Stars

So....my birthday is coming up in a few days.  What does that mean?  Free stuff from restaurants ;-)!  I received a coupon in my inbox for a free combo meal from Valle Luna during the week of my birthday.  I decided to cash it in on Tuesday.  This place is right near work and I'm surprised I had never been until today.  

I took a seat and ordered a Coke to drink...turns out it was Pepsi.  I'm not one of those people who will refuse to drink the other "cola" but the waitress still could have at least mentioned that it was Pepsi instead of Coke.  Anyways........  While I was waiting for my drink, the bus boy dropped off a thing of chips.  It was pretty skimp.  It was a small wooden bowl with maybe 10 chips in it.  The chips were just ok...a tad greasy.  The salsas were good at least.  About those chips though.......during my meal, never got offered a refill on them.  The bus boy dude was slammed and was working his ass off the whole time there, but at least swing back buy and offer a refill of chips...know what I'm saying?  During this time, I placed my order for a Combo #8 which was 2 tacos, rice and beans.  I went with shredded beef for my tacos (other choices were ground beef, chicken and a few other options).  Here is how they were...........

Combo #8 (2 tacos, rice and beans)- My waitress delivered this plate to my table and said the magic words of, "Be careful, that plate is hot".  Damn skippy, it was!  That is a good sign though...you know your food will be hot and wasn't sitting around.  I took a bite of the rice first.  I'm usually not the biggest rice and beans fan, but they looked delicious so I tried them out.  They were great!  Nice fluffy rice, good refried beans, not too runny or thick...perfect middle ground texture.  I will usually order a la carte and skip these items, but I'm glad I tried them because they were delicious.  I dug into my tacos next.  These tacos were super crispy and fried really well.  You know when the meat is hanging out the side of the taco, and it gets fried and crispy?  Yup..these tacos were like that.  They tasted great!  The only bad thing was that the shells fell apart kind of easily and I was trying to hold them together for a few of the last bites.  

Overall, it is hard to complain about a free lunch!  The service was friendly enough but the lack of a refill of chips really made me frown.  I have never been to a Mexican restaurant that has failed to hook up the chips!  Oh well... everything else was pretty good and for the grand total of $2.71 (plus a nice sized tip), it was an enjoyable lunch.  I am not racing to come back, but I'm sure I will be here again sometime in the future.