I only tried out alcoholic drinks and the chips and salsa the first time I went to Mercadito. There were only 5 beers on draft - I tried the Tailwagger wheat ($6), which was a-okay (but I'm no beer connoisseur). Next, I tried the Paloma Picosa ($11). The server noticed I wasn't really drinking it, and offered to take it off the tab and find me a drink I liked better. I went with his recommendation and got the Auntie Ox ($10). Ugh. The drink looked exactly the same and I didn't really like it either. Too strong and the rim was doused in whatever that Mexican Candy is called that looks like cayenne pepper. I gave up. 

My husband tried the cabernet sauvignon ($9), chardonnay ($10), and sauvignon blanc ($9.50). He didn't like ANY of them, but proceeded to drink the wine anyways lol. His statement was, "They all taste like shit and are low quality wines". Service was 5/5 but drinks were 2/5. Regardless, it was Industry Night and we got a whopping 50% off the bill. Yes, please. 

The second time my husband and I went was before the Dirty Derby event, which happened to land on a Tuesday, Industry Night. We were disheartened to learn the discount had dropped to 30%, but hey, that's still a pretty large discount. The prices at Mercadito are steep compared to most Mexican restaurants, so you'll want to take that into consideration as well. 

CHIPS AND SALSA ($3.50): The tray the salsa comes in is awkward, especially because they put mini spoons in it that just gets in the way. Salsas were pretty good, as were the chips. 3.5/5

CHEESE ENCHILADAS ($18): I ordered them with the guatillo red sauce. I liked the extra kick of the sauce and appreciated that it looked homemade. The entree came with a side of black beans and rice. The black beans tasted hideous, and the rice was completely bland with random chucks of avocado and carrots in it. 3/5

NACHOS ($11.50): My husband ordered these with steak, which costs an extra $3. He said they were just okay and he wasn't impressed at all. He said the meat tasted like it was low quality. He threw up later that night, so there's that too. But I don't know the inner workings of food poisoning, so who am I to say his violent vomiting could be attributed to Mercadito's??  2/5   

SERVICE: I thought our server was above average. She was nice and refilled our chips without us having to ask. She delivered the check quickly too. 4/5

ATMOSPHERE: I love the ambiance here. I like the bar area better though because it's more open and I like that it opens up to an outdoor patio. 4/5

TLDR; Great service, not cheap, mediocre food, blah drinks, Industry Tuesdays for 30% off your bill. 

Worth a Return Visit?
My husband says nay but I still want to give this place one more chance. I'd like to come by for Happy Hour and try their vegetarian tacos.

YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2015: #66