Bocce Ball's, that was a some spicy Tortillion!
What do you think about when you think about Bocce? 
I know...my thoughts turn immediately to Mexican food, too!
Aunt Chilada's has set up a bocce court right next to the walkway in the courtyard. When I first saw the bocce court, it was jarring...like walking by the sushi bar at Houston's...just because you can doesn't mean you should. 
But, someone near the top of the Chilada family may, in fact, be a marketing genius! That thing really got a workout while we were there the other day.
The Beautiful Carin and I hadn't been back to Tia Chilada's in a year or so, but we needed to reconnoiter...my strong and handsome son, Zachary and his lovely wife, Sarah are visiting next week and they want to go (good memories of another great visit:)
We wandered in at happy hour (absolutely the best time to visit the Chilada family). 
Lots of people drinking, eating chips and salsa, etc. (though not as many as past visits...the economy?). 
We had no trouble getting a nice table out in the patio area, so we could watch an Italian sports staple being played in a Mexican restaurant:)
The people watching at Aunt Chilada's is wonderful..all walks of life, all shapes and sizes...all getting their drink on with cheap margarita's and cheaper cerveza:) It's a tried and true formula for the transition from drone infested, uptight (I know, a word right out of the 60's) work-a-day world to a somewhat more relaxed, slightly (or heavily) inebriated night-time world. 
So much fun to watch...esp. the guy with a six pack of margarita's under his belt, trying to bowl the bocce's. 
It would be pretty tough to generate a bocce injury, but I think he managed it:)
The service was a pretty good...we never had to wait too long for refills and they kept the chips and salsa coming ( the flour tortilla chips are one of the best parts of Aunt Chilada's:)
Carin had a serviceable chicken chimichanga, and I had something called a tortillion (which, interestingly enough is numeral based nomenclature for this dish, reflecting the number of calories per serving)...shredded beef, cheese, beans, tomatoes, bacon (bacon!!!!), wrapped in a giant tortilla, dipped in egg batter and deep-fried...it sounded better than it was, but I ate about  1/2 and brought the rest home (might still be in the fridge, growling at me...not sure..afraid to look:)
Nope, it's not the best Mexican restaurant in town, and it's not the best bocce court you'll ever see, but combined, they make Aunt Chilada's a decent place to have a bite and a cocktail, and to play the games that people play:)