Mama Maria's Mexican restaurant was a fun place for me to try because it's decently close to where I live. My family and I ordered for takeout, which was very convenient. One thing to note is that we participate in the season of Lent, so we had to avoid beef and poultry. Seafood and eggs are fine for us to have eaten.

I commend this restaurant on really good service. They had a busy restaurant, but were able to have our takeout order ready on time and neatly packed, which was much appreciated.

We ordered guacamole, Chilles Relleno, garlic butter shrimp, shrimp fajitas, and crispy shrimp tacos.

Our order came with chips and salsa! Like everybody has pointed out, the chips come in the form of freshly fried tortillas that you break into tinier pieces. The salsa was delicious! The tomato sauce in it interestingly had a "pasta sauce" flavor, which for me, set it apart from any other Mexican salsa I've ever tried. They sent us home with a bunch too, so I was very happy!

We also ate the chips with the guacamole we ordered. It was good and fresh guac, but it seemed plain for my taste.

We didn't care for the shrimp fajitas or the butter garlic shrimp too much, not very special. The crispy shrimp tacos were a big bust in my opinion because I expected deep fried, breaded shrimp and I thought that was what the menu meant when they said "crispy", but apparently that description was only referring to the taco shell, which I cancelled out when I asked to have my tacos wrapped in a flour tortilla instead. Furthermore, nothing had sour cream or crema, which was odd to me. I guess I just didn't realize I had to order it separately.

The Chilles Relleno was SUPERB. My dad and I were so impressed by how tasty this dish came out! If you ever visit this restaurant, that is certainly the dish to try. It was spongy from the egg, but also satisfyingly saucy at the same time. There was a lot of good flavor to it, too. The portion size was another thing I was happy with also.

Overall, I wouldn't look forward to ordering anything but the Chilles Relleno. That's the thing to try, hands down.