Have you ever had great tequila?  For many people (and myself included) that answer is no.  When I think of tequila, it's of random shots in random bars with lime and salt all over my hand.  However, tequila can be so much more than that.  Like any spirit that exists (or pretty much any vice that exists), tequila can run to the very high end with extraordinary complexity.  

Verde is a new upscale Mexican place just a few doors up from the very popular Salt of the Earth.  However, it's a Mexican restaurant somewhat in disguise.  What it really is is a temple to tequila.  When it comes to the blue agave spirit from the highlands of Jalisco, these guys mean business.

Verde has far and away the biggest selection of tequila in the Burgh, as well as other Mexican spirits.  They're extremely knowledgeable about such spirits.  They literally offer about 30 different tequila flights that include both the blanco (pure and not aged) the reposado (aged) and anejo (really aged) versions of a variety of tequilas.  They also have tequila infusions and mescal.  Each is about a quarter-shot served on a small wooden paddle with a 4th well of sangrita (a non-alcoholic spicy tomato palate-cleanser beverage).  They also hand you an iPad with pretty much everything you ever wanted to know about tequila.  The whole "tablet computer to show off our liquor selection" is not original (ex. Aureole in Vegas), but it is a very novel thing for the Burgh.  

The gentleman who served the flights (tequila sommelier?) was extremely knowledgeable about tequila and clearly passionate about this particular spirit.  It was really fun hearing everything he had to teach us.  I've never met anyone in my life who knew more about tequila and his passion clearly showed in the presentation.

Overall, I was really excited to see such a unique and niche place open in Pittsburgh.  When it comes to Mexican, this place is a million times more serious than Mad Mex.  Although it has tremendous potential, the food left a bit to be desired.  My chicken with house-made mole sauce was dry.  Dry chicken is an inexcusable mistake in the finer dining world that Verde is hoping to inhabit.  There was also an overuse of the Yucca fries as it appeared both in our ceviche and my entree.  Neither preparation had any flavor.

Verde is on the right track by trying to elevate our sense of tequila and Mexican spirits.  However, that ambition is the only reason that I'm giving them 3 stars versus 2.  The food just isn't there yet.  Competition has gotten stiff in the Burgh and you can't just roll out whatever anymore and expect people to flock to it.  Amazing chefs like Rick Bayless have proved that Mexican cuisine can be elevated to a very high level.  Verde has a long, long way to reach the heights of Frontera Grill or Topolobampo.  I think they have the potential to get there.  They clearly have a tremendous passion for Mexican spirits so I hope they will continue to strive to elevate their menu to the same level.