Update 2015-12-10: Looks like a bunch of other people were annoyed with them too. This place has been sold to the people who own the wildly-overpriced Hearthstone restaurant next door. It will have a new name and a new menu coming in 2016. http://vegas.eater.com/2015/12/8/9872852/las-vegas-restaurants-mercadito-out-at-red-rock-resort-libre-in

Update 2015-10-01: They've been making menu changes and portioning changes. Tacos now come one at a time, minimum 2. Makes it way easier to mix-and-match so that's a welcome change. However they added pineapple to a previously-delicious guacamole that included bacon, and it completely ruined it. They also no longer have the BLTA taco, which was BY FAR the best taco I've ever had. On the up-side, they added the short rib taco to the menu permanently.

The nachos from the "small plates" menu, while extremely delicious, are much larger than I expected for my same $10. In fact, they are large enough that I could have easily made an entree meal out of the nachos alone (and I would have been happy to, because they are delicious). The tacos come four to a plate and are very well executed, and seem to be priced just slightly high but portioned very well.

Salsas are also not free. Even then hole-in-the-wall places can afford this, I know it isn't going to break the bank. Chips and salsa is a Mexican food expectation. Period.

So we're all over the map already.

The decor seems to try to be upscale, trendy, high class, with fancy plate settings (at the expense of usability, see the guacamole plate); at the same time there are TVs on the walls showing football games both in the bar and outside of it in the main seating area and my tortilla chips came in one of those bent-metal-wire things you typically get french fries or pretzels or mozzarella sticks in wrapped up in butcher paper at some crappy sports bar.

Expanding on the guacamole coming out on such a small and annoying plate, the same could be said for the entree plates. The flautas we ordered -- which are actually not flautas, they're toquitos, but they're delicious so who cares? -- are too large to fit on the plates provided except diagonally, and that makes it a pain in the ass to try to eat politely. The wife and I ended up eating them with our hands. But then...Is that what the owner intends? Is this an eat-with-your-hands kind of place? Because if so I think your waiters are overdressed, and we should talk about the ritzy place settings...

Adding even more confusion to what this place is really about.

Over the course of 20 minutes the music went from a 70s rock ballad to some bass-dropping dubstep to a Coldplay song that almost put me to sleep to the Gorillaz. None of this particularly related to the delicious food in strange portion sizes, or the upscale dive bar decor, or the Mexican cuisine.

I'm completely perplexed by this place. Primarily, the star-loss is for price/portion/plating issues. I felt nickle-and-dimed by the guac and chips/salsa, and the way most of the food was presented was needlessly irritating.