I go to Braddah's about once week since it is close to my work and offers relatively healthy and filling options.

Here is what I like:  
I can assemble a healthy, filling salad and not be tempted off my healthy eating program (except if you order the coconut bark!).

Their sauces are awesome.  Make sure you ask at the register if they are put out so you don't have to make an extra trip if they aren't.  I use them instead of the salad dressing to save calories and I am not missing a thing!

The ambiance and room temperature are very comfortable.  This is a nice place for me to hang out on my lunch hour while I savor my meal, catch up with a friend or just play with my phone.  At a place like Chipotle, which it is often compared to, I want to get up and leave right away since it is loud, cold and crowded.  Braddah's is not Chipotle.

Nice music. 

The steak is delicious!

The owner is awesome.  When he is there everything runs like clockwork, the food tastes better, the sauces are out and the tables are bussed more promptly.

Here are the drawbacks and why this place doesn't get an extra star from me:

The tables are often not bussed promptly which makes sitting inside somewhat not appealing being surrounded by many dirty tables.

The sauces are out for consumption maybe half the time.

The lemonade flavor in the drink machine is out half the time and it could be half-way through my meal before it's fixed.  Usually when the boss is there, he brings it directly to my table.

When the boss is not there, the employees tend to rush the food-assembling process and/or are not listening so I have to repeat myself several times or ask for things they decided not to offer me (like having grilled veggies WITH my meat selection).

I have also gotten slopplily assembled bowls by employees (setting the bowl down on other food before handing it to me or just dumping the wet contents, like beans, in haphazardly so that they spilled off the side).  Visual is important when it comes to food.

On one occasion the chicken didn't seem to be cooked quite enough.  Again, the boss was not there.

The north door is rarely open for people who park on that side.  Yet one can leave just fine out of the door.  It would be nice if they placed a sign on that door if it is out of order.