Rating this place could go any number of ways, depending on where you sit. Due to the roundabout way in which we entered, we managed to experience a little bit of everything here.

My wife and I agreed to meet the in-laws here on a Friday night in order to hand off our daughter for the evening. They got to the restaurant long before we did in order to enjoy happy hour with some of their co-workers. So, when we entered, we did so through the patio area.

At first glance, the patio seems amazing. It's extremely large, has awesome seating, and has full bar. There were awesome heaters throughout in order to remove some of the evening desert nip out of the air. By the entrance, there was a DJ. His music was definitely quite loud, but I figure that's to be expected.

After just a few minutes, I figured out why the DJ had his music turned up so loud. As I was looking up at the stars along the back wall of the patio, everything on the patio seemed to go completely mute. An airplane passed by overhead that sounded like it was coming from the bar! It was SO loud! 

Thankfully, once we arrived, the in-laws wanted to head inside for dinner. While we were at the hostess' stand, I took a look around. The place seems to have been decorated by a child. There are random nick-knacks absolutely EVERYWHERE. Steering wheel hanging from a ceiling fan? Check! Inflatable monkey hanging from a different ceiling fan? Why not? There's really no rhyme or reason to any of the decor...though, maybe that's what they were going for. It does seem to be a place geared more towards the younger crowd.

Decor aside, making the move to eating indoors turned out to be a wise one. Our server was fantastic. She was knowledgeable and extremely polite. In spite of the fact that the place was extremely crowded, the food arrived super fast. I can only speak for my meal, but my Baja Chicken Burro was quite delicious. It had just the right amount of spice to it, and it was massive! I could only comfortably eat half of the thing before throwing in the towel and springing for the to-go box.

Great service, good food, gimicky decor, and SUPER loud patio. If you can get past the bad, the good is pretty good.