Service 5
Food 3
Cleanliness 3
Atmosphere 3
Value 4

Pros:
Good value
Quick Service

Cons:
Little Greasy

Was trying to find somewhere close to eat and landed here. I had seen it on DDD before but have learned that doesn't mean great food.. just.. interesting food. I have no real complaints. The service was quick, the prices were low, the food was decent. The whole experience was just above average. With so many other great places in the valley I an unlikely to make a return visit anytime soon.

Onto the food:

Chile Relleno:
The sauce was great, the breading held up pretty well. It was slightly undercooked so the pepper was still very stiff. Had to hack away at it with a plastic knife to cut a piece. As usual it was filled with cheese.. and unusually filled with diced potato. This was a new one and I'm not sure what it really added to the dish. Initially I thought maybe just extra filler to cut down on the cheese needed, but there was plenty of cheese. Good but far from the best.

Hard Shell Tacos:
This place is known for its street tacos. So just stay away from the hardshells. You'll be glad you did.

Street Tacos:
Carne Asada:
There was a lot of bold seasoning going on here. Street tacos are notoriously two/three bite'ers so I didn't really get to break it apart. If I went back I think I might get a burrito to really get a good amount of the carne. I sometimes worry when things are so obviously heavy seasoned that they may be covering something up.

Al Pastor:
Very strong citrus flavor. Almost like the marinade was made with fresh juice that had been cooked down and condensed. It was very salty and pretty greasy.

Carnitas:
Not to bad.. Had a decent flavor but again was a little over salty/greasy.

Rice:
Decent

Beans:
Really liked these. They were very rich and creamy but still with some whole bean texture. I'm not sure they can taste that good without lard but I suppose its possible. I've never been afraid of lard anyway ;)

Cheese Quesadilla:
Flour tortilla filled with mexican white queso. Was decent but nothing to super special.

Green Salsa:
Bold, spicy, and very heavy tomatillo flavor.

Red Salsa:
I liked this one. It was a good combo of smokey, spicy, and a hint of sweetness. The smokiness I'm sure came from a heavy dose of chipotle.