I probably have a more positive review than Stevey P. because I went in there with my 'nasty' radar turned up pretty high.  It's kind of like when you go to a movie expecting it to suck and when you get out of there you shrug your shoulders and think...well...it wasn't AS bad as I thought it would be.

I like to try new places just to mark them off my list and see for myself how it is.  So here's what I thought...

One of the differences I think was that we sat at a booth as opposed to the bar, so I can't say whether I would have liked my experience if I were at the bar.

While it was nice not to be ignored, the waitress was borderline over-attentive.  It's good to be attentive, but can be a little annoying if it's more than generally necessary.  She didn't seem to know much about the menu, but her saving grace was that she asked questions for us if she didn't know the answer instead of just dismissing us.

There's a pretty large menu of various dishes.  The appetizers weren't extremely appealing to me, and looked a little suspisciously like bar food.

Tried dishes:
**Green Corn Tamale and Chile Relleno including beans and rice.
The tamale was subtly sweet and extremely moist.  It was a pretty big size and probably one of the best Green Corn Tamales I've had in a long while.  However, if you don't like sweet tamales you won't like this one.  Fortunately, it was an excellent start to the meal for me.
The Chile was oozing with creamy cheese and cooked just perfectly.

**Steak Fajitas with rice
Really, it's kind of hard to mess up Fajitas.  But I will say the steak was cooked perfectly and had a great mesquite flavor.  The veggies on the side still had texture without being raw.
The guacamole that came on the side seemed to be freshly made.

The rice was probably one of the best I've had.  I don't like it when they add veggies in with the rice.  I just want rice.  And it wasn't crunchy.

The only real negative was the salsa that seemed store bought with fresh chopped cilantro thrown in just to fool you.

Summary--
One of the better Mexican restaurants in Surprise (I know that's not saying much but...) and it seems that sitting in a booth is much better than sitting at the bar.  I will probably go again at some point to see if the service and food is consistent or if it's a case of hit and miss.