I remember the first time I went to Barrio Cafe, years ago. I loved it. The guac seemed like a revelation, the margaritas had me at "tequila" and the service staff seemed happy to be working in such a cool funky place. 

My, how times have changed. Its been a while since I was there..and I guess the shine has worn off. 

Like other Yelpers..I was less than impressed with the service. But our visit was on a Sunday and I figured, with a smaller crowd, the service would be better. Our server, alas, was epically.."meh". I don't think he ever said "hello" he said "what will you be ordering?", we simply asked for what we wanted, he shrugged and got it. I guess in its most elemental form, that is service. But it isn't ALL bad news.  I watched longingly as other diners had a server who practically glowed. He engaged, he laughed, he made recommendations..oh, and he is multi-talented as it was his artwork on display throughout the restaurant.  Bar service during our wait was no better - in fact, that guy seemed down right irritated that he had to take drink orders. We got our drinks, but only after he got the order wrong the first time (for two drinks?!).

For good food, I can put up with a lot. But know what? The food didn't hit any home runs either. I had a pablano chilie stuffed with shrimp (unpeeled for god's sake!) and scallops. The scallops were mushy and small and unpeeled shrimp is simply unforgivable at this price and the cheese was just a reheated mess. I ate it, but it wasn't worth raving over. We had the guac-and it was "good", but I just wasn't wowed anymore. I DID appreciate that they still make their own chips - that's cool, but not enough to warrant a "weeeeee-oooooooh!"

I totally wish it had rocked. I really do. I get to PHX about 6X a year and I am ALWAYS craving good food like what they are SUPPOSED to serve at Barrio Cafe. Its funny, because later in the week I ate at La Parilla Suiza, and it was just so much more satisfying. I'll write a separate review, suffice to say, it doesn't get the press that Barrio gets and that's too bad.

Maybe its a case of expectations-expect too much and you are sure to be disappointed. I was. 

Here's my one hint for those who still want to eat there. Sunday nights, 7PM, almost no wait. Service probably won't be any better, but at least you won't have to stand in small, cramped space to wait for your disappointing dinner.