Ideally I would have liked to give Matta's 2.5 stars, but since I can only rate in whole numbers, I rounded up, in part because they had only been open 3 days and I was trying to give them the benefit of the doubt. 

Now, I didn't grow up going to Matta's, but I did go to the old location once back in my college days at ASU, but I really have no memory of that experience. I know there are many devout Matta's fans out there, but I wasn't one of them and I my experience has not turned me into one. 

The space is nice, but I feel that they are trying to give the place a more upscale feel, rather than a traditional family run Mexican restaurant. We arrived at about 5:30 on Saturday and were seated right away in the lounge, in fact we were the only table. We looked over the menu, and not being familiar with the Matta's menu, it took us awhile. Our waitress came by and we had a few questions as there weren't descriptions of some of the items, but she didn't know the answers and had to go ask. I know this is only day 3, but didn't they have employee training? 

We finally settled on our order and then she brought us out some chips and salsa. The chips were warm and crispy and there were two different salsas, a smooth one and a chunky one. Let's just say, neither my sister nor I enjoyed either of them, they tasted exactly live V-8 juice mixed with canned tomatoes! YUCK! I tried to taste them a few more times to like them, but the canned tomato taste was just overwhelming....salsa should be fresh, not from a can! 

Our food took over 20 minutes to come out from the kitchen for a simple chimichanga and a shrimp enchilada. My sister and I always order just beans, no rice because we both love beans, and well, we didn't love these beans at all. They had absolutely no bean flavor, they were so blah that I had to sprinkle them with salt just to get them down! The shrimp enchilada was nothing special, and I am not sure it was worth the $1.99 up-charge. The shredded beef chimichanga was pretty good, but we both felt that it was on the small size considering its $12.50 price tag. 

Both of us went into the meal with high expectations, excited to have a new Mexican restaurant right by my sister's house, but by the end of the meal, we both decided that we would probably never return. Such a shame; Matta's may have lots of local history, but there is far better Mexican food to be had around town.