A solid 3-stars, for now, as Sabor finds its footing and introduces the uptown crowd to a mix of Latin-inspired street food, while also serving well-known Mexican staples in an informal and relatively fast-service eatery.  

Stopped in for lunch during their first week 'soft opening' and liked the openness of the space, even while a few odds and ends related to the up fit were still 'in progress.'   Upbeat latin music (think salsa and meringue) played overhead and had several diners (literally) dancing in their seats.  You order from large-screen video boards above a counter and the kitchen space is directly behind.  Drinks are self-serve, as is the salsa bar (more on that below).

You'll see all the regular suspects there such as a range of burritos, quesadillas, and tacos (served in both a corn and a flour shell) with different meats and toppings to choose from.  But the 'something different' here is the selection of arepas, papusas, empanadas, and even gorditas.  If you've never had these things below, all are worth exploring after checking out the explanations on the menu video boards.  These items are staples over most of latin-america and have been sorely lacking in the mainstream Charlotte scene.

On my visit in, I had a couple different tacos authenticos (made with the corn soft shell) and the vegetable papusas.  The tacos were fantastic, rightly proportioned for the shell size and bursting with flavor even without the use of the salsa bar.  The papusas were mightily portioned and chock full of cheese and veggies.  I was disappointed, however, that a corn meal used instead of a finer ground masa.  The texture was a bit rougher than I am used to with papusa, and was much more like an arepa.  I was also surprised there was not a more traditional papusa with a shredded pork filling.  I get that recipes can differ, just things to know for next time.  I also hope the kitchen staff works together a bit better, as my taco order was ready well in advance of my papusas, which were only ready after the server I had tried to give me an order of gorditas, without knowing the difference between the two.  Training and time should work this out, however.  

Chips are a separate menu item and are not served free here.  At $0.95 for an small order, however, it's hard to complain as my chips were freshly made and still quite warm.  You should order the same, however, if for no other reason than a trip to the salsa bar, which, IMHO, puts just about every other chain-restaurant salsa bar to shame.  A 'hot and spicy' salsa that truly lives up to the name?  Yes!  The hot version had the heat, my friends, and left me with small tears of joy (and fire) as I dug another chip in to confirm what my taste buds first sang to me.  Contrast that with the smooth and chilled taste of their salsa verde, made creamy with the pureed avocado.  Both are worth the trip alone.  There are a couple other salsa and pico de gallo selections there too, so do explore here and find your own favorites.

Sabor holds much promise and I hope word gets out soon as the location is just far enough off the more heavily-travelled 7th Street that it won't get a lot of drive-by traffic.  I can easily say, however, this eatery is a nice alternative to the burrito chains around town and offers far more authentic flavors at easily comparable prices.  Viva Sabor, a welcome addition to the neighborhood.