So its Thursday night and I got a certificate from Resturant.com for Valle Luna and thought I haven't been out with the kids in a while wonder if they are up to trying a new place, and guess what, they were, ok when I say kids, I really mean 21, 19, & 16 yr old, yea they are not really kids, but they are my kids :)

It was my 1st time there and I really wanted to like Valle Luna, it's just right up the street from me. I did some research and read some reviews of friends and thought ok, this is going to be a good place!

When we 1st got there they put us in a small booth, we were sitting on top on each other, the 21 yr old is 6 months prego and they placed us in table where it was very tight and making her uncomfortable and I had my left handed son sitting next to me elbowing me already and the food hadn't even arrived yet (s/n: I really think he sits by me to bug the crap out of me) so we asked for a bigger table and we got moved almost into a small booth on the other side, my daughter said yea that's not going to work, that's what the other one was and it hurt to sit there, so we were moved to a table with the view of the lake, it was nice, felt like was in a different area then just chillin in chandler 

It was happy hour when I arrived and it was Three-O Thursday, all Three Olive Vodka drinks for 3 bucks, so I ordered the Cherry Smash, it was a pretty drink, but way too strong for me , I know I was even shocked I couldn't finish it! 

The chips, bean dip & salsa arrived to the table, now to me the chips were not that bad, tasted ok, some of the reviews said it was the worst part of it, to me they were ok, the salsa on the other hand reminded me of pace picante, one was sweet and the other was just like tomato sauce, packed no heat what so ever, but the kids liked it and ate it.

Ok I'll just tell you what they ordered real quickly:

21yr old ordered the Tamale Dinner, she loves tamales, she thought the flavor was good, tamale itself was a little dry, but it cured her caving.

19 yr old ordered grilled asada burro dinner, she loved it! This plate looks like something I should have ordered, she loved it!

16 yr old ordered southwestern chicken breast, he didn't care for it, he said the chicken tasted like I cooked it, meaning it looked great, but was dry, sometimes I just wanna smack him haha

After reading everyone's reviews, I was really looking forward to what I ordered, I ordered the Fundido, I understood that it was deep fried, but mine looked and tasted like it was left in the fryer for way too long, the tortilla was inedible, I scraped everything out of it and left the shell on another plate.   The beans & rice were good, and so what the filling inside the tortilla, the jalapeno-cream cheese could have had more heat for, but was very good. I don't think I will be ordering this dish again.

We were having a good time talking with each other and decided that we wanted desert, so 2 of us ordered the fried ice cream and one ordered the chocolate taco.
I was one of the ones who ordered the fried ice cream and I chose caramel for topping instead of chocolate, and I asked if it could be drowned in caramel and it was ,,omg it was soo delish!!!!! 

I do want to come back to Valle Luna to give them another try, the kids did enjoy themselves and the food, so they are willing to go back with me.