Our second venture out in restaurant week brought us to TQLA. It is a large restaurant (maybe it was something else before TQLA?) not sure. Anyway, it is hard to miss, very prominent on Val Vista in front of the shopping center. It was 7:30 on a Tuesday night, but the place was pretty much deserted. To the right was a very large bar area with just a few patrons, and to the left was the dining area...with only 3 tables seated. The hostess immediately seated us, and explained the 2 menus. We told her we were here for restaurant week and she said "Cool" and left. 

We looked over the menu and made our choices. Our server came over (didn't tell us her name...this is the second time this week...which is odd) She was sweet and attentive, though, and asked us if we wanted a tequila 'fight' We said no, but we wanted a pitcher of the house margaritas. She brought us chips (light, warm and crisp) and 2 kinds of salsa (green and red) Both were good, but only about  2 tablespoons in each tiny dish. We had to ask for refills 3 times. 
The margaritas were a big disappointment. I was expecting something spectacular for a tequila bar, but they were way sweet and no way we could taste the tequila. We didn't finish the pitcher (and not because we felt the alcohol AT ALL!) 
Things got better with the appetizers. My spicy crab cakes were delicious, and a meal in themselves! The spouse had the ceviche, which he said was fine, but a lot more veggies than seafood. 
My entree: the pumpkin crusted salmon was very good, cooked to perfection. It was supposed to come with green chili mashed potatoes, but came with rice instead (?) I was so full from the chips and crab cakes, I took most of it home anyway. 
Spouse had the carne asada, which he really liked! He said it was well cooked and seasoned. 
Dessert was a chocolate and coffee flan for me (yum!) and blueberry cheesecake for him (just OK) 
It was pricey (about $100) for southwestern food and was good, but not great. This is quite a drive for us, so we probably won't be back unless we are in the area. I hope this restaurant makes it...and hopefully they pack the place on weekends!