...weaned me off baby food with rice and beans.

I've been going to the Pinata since before I could walk. My grandparents were tight with the Bougarins and we ate there often. At some point (as my grandmother tells us every time we go), Pete confronted my mother and told her I shouldn't be eating that baby food, that I should be getting a proper start with an order of rice and beans. After that, I was hooked. For years I ordered the same thing with a Roy Roger (think cherry coke). Family Wedding rehearsal dinners, birthdays, out of town guests, there seemed to be no reason not to choose the Pinata for good Mexican food.

I used to sneak away from the table to play video games in the front corner of the cantina. Even today, it still feels like a room that I shouldn't be in or even curious about. Each time, our going-away treat was one of the $0.05 chocolate mints from the bowl on the host stand -- they are still selling the very same mints!

This place is more nostalgic for me than anything else. I have so many memories of so many family occasions celebrated there. The lobby is still decorated with colorful pinatas hanging from the ceiling and walls. Mariachi music still fills the air. And the blender can still be heard in the distance, chopping fresh ice for the next margarita.

As Amy already correctly identified, this is the best chips and salsa in town. On recent visits the salsa has been watery, but it could easily have been that spoonful from the big container of it back in the kitchen. Speaking of which, above the kitchen entrance is an old 1-10 lighted number display to alert the wait staff of orders ready to be served. I used to ask the waitress what her number was and watch for it. (Not much else to do when surrounded by adult-talk.)

If our guests were lingering types, we often ended up at the 31-flavors ice cream next door. It lost its franchise many years ago, no doubt caught by the inspector selling generic from the Price Club like so many other former franchises in this old chain. Today this store is just a City signs violation, like something out of Tijuana.

But back to the Pinata. It's one of the valley originals. If you haven't done it, and you think you are a Phoenician, you aren't one yet.