My husband and I came here during Restaurant Week. The menu looked enticing and the place sounded interesting. Boy, was it ever! The entire place is fashioned to look like the Carlsbad Caverns in New Mexico. Walking up, it feels like you are entering another place as you walk under the large arch out front. To your left is a flowing waterfall that encompasses the patio. To be frank, the inside is dark (like a cavern). We didn't explore much inside, other than using the restroom, as my husband and I were quickly whisked to our seats on the patio. While the patio does face a busy street, we couldn't actually see the street or hear much car noise. Instead, we had a perfect view of the waterfall, eclectic décor, and night lights. Our waiter was prompt to take our drink orders and describe the Restaurant Week menu. We knew what we wanted before arriving, so we quickly ordered. The deal came with two appetizers, two meals, a dessert and a bottle of wine to share. 

I ordered the tequila shrimp as an appetizer and the Cowboy Meatloaf as my entrée. The tequila shrimp were delicious! They were spicy and perfectly cooked. My husband stole a few bites and agreed on how great they were. My entrée, the meatloaf, was good but very different. It was mixed with jalapeno bacon and gouda then topped with prickly pear glaze. This all rested on a bed of mashed potatoes and a side of veggies. The flavors were good but the actual meatloaf was dry. My husband tried it and loved it. 

My husband ordered the spicy crab cakes and the Chile Rellenos. He really enjoyed the crab cakes, but thought my shrimp were better. (I agreed.) His entrée was your stranded chile rellenos - which my husband really likes. However, the portion seemed small compared to my large meatloaf dish. It was spicy and tasty. 
For dessert we shared the chocolate bread pudding. Normally, I am all about bread pudding and went through a phase of only ordering bread pudding for dessert. This particular bread pudding turned me off to bread pudding and I haven't ordered any since. It was a good chocolately taste but the texture and consistency was off. I also didn't like the butterscotch sauce. My husband, however, ate it right up and enjoyed it. 

Overall, my husband really enjoyed everything he had (and my items as well). I only really enjoyed the tequila shrimp appetizer and the scenery/vibe. I would like to take my in-laws here as I think they'd enjoy the ambiance and even the food (especially since my husband liked it so much). So we'll be back for another round.