My wife had been here a couple of times and when she saw a Groupon for the Blue Adobe Grille, she snapped it up so we went there last night.

We arrived about 6:40pm on a Saturday night and the place was packed, normally a good sign.  The hostess told us it would be a 15-20 minute wait.  To make a long story short, it took 45 minutes to get seated.  

While I understand that sometimes things happen beyond the restaurant's control, the long wait really soured me on the place because the main causes were 1) a large party arrived with a reservation (something they should have known about when they quoted the 15-20 minutes) and I observed no fewer than 3 tables where people had to wait 15 minutes or more just to flag down a server to get and pay their check.  Well managed restaurants know that when people are waiting it is important to turn the tables quickly.

Also there were several tables of 2 were 2 tables were pushed together to make a 4 top.  Obviously no one thought to re-separate the tables to accomodate the waiting parties of 2 (like us).

So after 45 minutes, we were finally seated and quickly received drinks and some chips.  And then nothing .... and then a second bowl of chips (we were starving by this time).  We watched in dismay as people seated after us were able to place their orders first.  After about another 30 minutes I finally grabbed our server and asked to order.  We also asked if they would like to re-separate our table as other parties of 2 were still waiting.  The server looked at me as if I had 3 heads.

We ordered the green chile corn crab cakes as an app.  My wife got the chorizo stuffed chicken and I got the Taos combo, a tenderloin relleno, a pork tamale, and a shrimp enchilada. So after 1:15 we finally got an order in.

The crab cakes came quickly and were very crispy (panko breading) and hot.  The problem was there was while there were 5 cakes (very generous) they were pancake thin with almost no filling.  While you got a little of the texture of crab, the green chile drowned out any crab flavor that might have been in there.  I would have much preferred that they took the same amount of crab mix, toned down the chile a little, and made it into 3 cakes with some interior.

Our entrees arrived shortly thereafter, less than 20 minutes after placing our order.  Everything was absolutely fantastic.  I would gladly drink the sauce they put on the stuffed chicken straight up.  The tenderloin relleno was again breaded with panko and was melt-in-your mouth tender.  The adobo sauce in the prok tamale infuses the masa in an incredible way.  The shrimp enchilada was also great, sweet firm but not overcooked shrimp, but it really clashed with the other chile-laden, savory items on the plate.  I'm sure they were be spectacular on their own although im not sure who decided shrimp is better with cheddar cheese.

Fortunately as someone who learns from watching others, once we were done I flagged down our server and just handed her the Groupon and my debit card eliminating the need for a trip to deliever the check.  Good move on my part.

Sadly the group of 6 next to us wasn't having the same luck.  While they were seated fairly quickly, when i left they were going on 50 minutes after ordering to receive anything but chips.

Quick summary:  Great food, lousy service.  I will go back, but only on a weeknight and will have a plan B in case they are even remotely busy.