Came in here on a Wednesday with some friends to grab some dinner after having a few after-work cocktails. Loved the decor of this place, from the flower pot adorned walkway to the wooden table tops inside. The place was only about 30% full so we received a table immediately. 

Since we were trying to sober up, we declined anything to drink beyond the water filled mason jars. Our server asked us multiple times if we were sure which was a tad grating. Chips and salsa were placed on our table and we dove right in. The salsa was fresh tasting but lacked any sort of flavor or kick that would make it distinctive. When we ordered, we decided on the queso fundido, chicken flautas, and the Mexican burger. It was all decent enough and pretty much standard. Although I will admit that we did not choose any dishes that were unique. I had been eating some leftover shrimp tacos all week which is why I went with the strange decision of having a hamburger in a Mexican restaurant. My burger was generous with the avocado and had a huge mound of sweet potato fries. 

The reasons for giving a three star: the mediocre quality of the food we had and the service. When were close to ending our meal, our server asked if we wanted boxes. I had half a burger left and plenty of fries so I absolutely wanted to bring the rest home. He dropped the boxes off at our table and about two minutes later asked "do you need help with that?" and pointed to my box and my plate. I was in the middle of telling a story to my friends (so he interrupted me) and his tone was one of annoyance, not of trying to be helpful. I told him that I could handle it and my table mates were kind of flabbergasted at his tone. So I packed up my box and he immediately rushed over and cleared everything out of the way, including the napkin I was still using to wipe my hands with. It felt like we were being rushed out of there and it just lessened our experience, especially since they weren't trying to turn over the table and we weren't excessively lingering around (it wasn't close to closing time either). I don't know if we were being sensitive but it was enough to leave an impact on us.