I finally got dragged along to that chain of Roberto's that are popping up everywhere in Vegas.  After hearing that some of the Roberto's aren't the cleanest ones, I was a bit hesitant and concerned I was without my Immodium.  

The one on S. Fort Apache actually deemed pretty decent said my fellow diners as they are frequent eaters of the other Roberto's around Sin City.  

I ordered the Rolled Tacos (2 chicken and 1 beef) with Guacamole.  They were okay.  I think the frozen ones I had at home were a bit better.  The guacamole was plentiful, but a little too sweet for what I had in mind.  It would have been superb it my cheese was melted a bit...maybe add the cheese first and then pour on the guacamole?  The insides of my rolled tacos weren't hot enough for my tastes either.  Overall, they just weren't crispy enough for something that just came out of the deep fryer.  

I did get to try the Al Pastor soft tacos and those were definitely much yummier than my order!  The meat was super flavorful and definitely hitting my taste buds.  They taste even better when you load them up with freshly squeezed lime juice, hot sauce, and jalapeno peppers.  Unfortunately, my dining companion was a bit of a piggy and didn't bother saving any leftovers for me the next day!  Keep in mind that al pastor isn't offered at all the Roberto's, so take advantage of it when you find it on the menu.    

Another friend ordered what looked like the Carne Asada Fries and that was one hell of a mutha focker order!  When you open up your styrofoam box, it's like damn...that's your dinner?  Major bang for your buck for sure!  (It was noted that my friend said he got more here than at the other Roberto's!)

I finished up my meal with a $2 large Horchata that was oh so yummy!  And for two bucks, what a deal!  Hot damn!  It's hard to finish one of those big gulps on your own, so share it!  

We love Mexican restaurants that have a self service condiments section on the side.  I love loading up on tons of fresh limes, peppers, hot sauces, cucumbers, radishes, etc. without feeling like a pig 'cuz the staff isn't watching you overload.  And watch out for that red sauce, it's a kicker alright! 

Side note: Their pictured menu up above definitely helps you decide what to order.  The prices vary per each Roberto's, so take note of that.