**I wish I could use a 1/2...this would be 3 1/2 STARS**
I was looking for a new place to try on a Sunday night.  I read the reviews here on Yelp first, then watched the "Check Please" episode.  
I was dining alone, so I asked the hostess if I could sit in the bar area for dinner.  I was told there was no bartender, but the waitress would serve me there.  I was afraid I would be forgotten if I was seated there and there was no dedicated server for the bar area, so I opted for the dining room.
The dining room was about half full; I was seated in a booth and waited about 8 to 10 minutes before a young man came by to bring chips and salsa and asked if I wanted something to drink.  I asked for a margarita on the rocks and a glass of water.  He came back shortly after to confirm I said frozen margarita.  No, on the rocks, please.  The waitress came by shortly after to tell me my drink was on it's way.  A frozen margarita arrived (??) I flagged down another server to correct the problem.
Ok, now for the food!  The chips were fantastic!  My favorite style; crisp, not too thick and full of flavor.  The salsa they bring is good, but I asked for a hotter salsa too.  It was a small bowl of green chili heaven.  I ordered a small serving of guacamole to go with the chips.  It was quite tasty too, chunky and well seasoned, but a little over priced. For my dinner, I ordered the Talpiquena (Carne Asada with Shrimp).  It was very good; the meat was tender and the shrimp were tender and delicious as well.  The refried beans were out of this world wonderful...I am generally not so enthusiastic about refried beans, but these warrant the praise!  The flour tortillas included with meal tasted like good homemade tortillas; though they are not house made,  
The service was the only thing that was lacking in this restaurant. It was inattentive and a bit aloof.  I assumed that it was because I was a woman dining alone, as nearly all the other tables didn't seem to be lacking attention.  Toward the end of my meal, my waitress did get friendlier and did bring another tortilla when I asked for it to include with my leftovers.
I will come back to try other dishes (the green chili pork is on my list to try); hopefully the service will be as good as the food next time.