I thought this was a little secret that I was going to keep for myself, but since a few others have spilled it, I should add my review. 

Popo's is a west side institution. When i needed to get my auto-brakes done, i asked someone at work where to go. They told me about a repair shop and the directions to find the place were, "it's over by Popo's." It was that way about a lot of things.... They were always at the same intersection as Popo's.... or right next to Popo's.... or down the street from Popo's. When i asked what Popo's was, i would get open eyed stares.... in the community where i work, not knowing about Popo's is unthinkable.... so... off we went after work one day. 

To say that the place is unpretentious is an understatement. From the outside, the place looks downright seedy. The building looks as if it is half vacant... the far end of the row of shops houses a drive through liquor store... and you get the feeling that it is that way because the parking lot is unsafe. Don't be fooled. It may look like a page out of Urban Blight magazine, but the people i have met in that neighborhood are warm, and friendly, and you are perfectly safe. I say this because, now.... when i take friends there for lunch, the usual response as we turn in the parking lot is a very leery "Where are you taking meeeee!?!?!" 

All the looks of fear and suspicion disappear once we go in... and by the time they have had their first mouthful of fundido, they are hooked on Popo's forever. 

The margaritas are huge and happy hour prices are cheap... My favorite is the frozen raspberry, or just a normal unfrozen margarita. I think I'm the minority because most of the ones delivered to my table are usually strawberry. They have a good selection of beer as well. 

Of all the appetizers, I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Queso Fundido... the one with spinach is to die for. At this moment, I'm drooling at the thought, and considering going there tonight. Sometimes I'll go wild on chips and have the fundido for my meal. 

My favorite entree there is the seafood enchilada, despite it being made of krab vs. crab. There are many levels of dining and i consider this "fun dining" as opposed to "fine dining" so while i rarely excuse the use of fake seafood, i will make an exception here. Second to that, i like the spinach enchilada, the tacos, and almost any kind of fajita they have. I've never had their red tamales but the green ones are tasty. I've never gotten a burro but friends have... and they go back for more. 

I don't know if they have entertainment every night, but last Friday they had a Mariachi band wandering through the place. It was great for my group of friends because we were having a send off dinner for a friend who is moving to Florida.... and of course, we took the obligatory photo of her with the mariachi band when they got near our table. 

Popo's is great for groups. The place is fun and friendly. I've never had a bad experience there... and since it's Cinco de Mayo, i just might be there tonight.