My husband and I ate dinner here with the International Supper Club UYE group a couple of nights ago. We were both happy to see that they had such a great selection of Mexican beers and so hubby was able to get a Bohemia instead of settling for the usual Corona or XX. I was super happy to order a Michelada and as always that put me in the mood for seafood which is perfect since Comedor Guadalajara not only has traditional Mexican entrees but a variety of Mexican style seafood dishes on their menu.

Even though we were served chips and salsa immediately upon being seated, we decided to start with the chorizo bean dip since that sounded pretty tasty. I was expecting it to be served in a small dish like the salsa but instead it came out with a giant portion and a bunch of thicker chips topped with melted cheese. Fortunately my fellow Yelpers helped us out but we still couldn't finish it. I love bean dip in general but this one had a great flavor from the chorizo and I didn't feel like it was too greasy. I would say that the chorizo bean dip is a must-order if you are with a group.

After that, we got our entrees. My hubby got the Tampiquena steak which was a skirt steak seasoned and broiled and served with rice and beans. Most people would call that carne asada so I am not sure why they didn't name it that on the menu. I thought Tampiquena was when they chop up the steak and put chili sauce and cheese on it. But I haven't seen that outside of Texas so maybe that's a regional thing, I don't know. Anyway, he loves steak so was happy with the meat but he thought the rest of it was just ok. Growing up on the border we are picky about tortillas and these were not very authentic looking and he said they also were not great tasting but not bad either.

I ordered the Campechana and that also turned out to be a humongous portion (see pic). They serve it in a huge bowl like soup instead of a tall footed glass dish like seafood cocktail (cockteles) are usually served in. However, it wasn't really that much more substance in the bowl, it seemed to be mostly Clamato. I did like the flavoring of the broth but I thought the quality of the seafood could have been better. I also thought it was really weird that they served it with lemons and not limes. That kind of gave it a weird taste but I added some more hot sauce and that fixed it!

Even though its not the best Mexican food I've had we still had a really good time. It's a pretty nice looking restaurant, I am really surprised that some of the other reviewers called it a dive? Also, our waitress Anna was awesome and everyone else we interacted with seemed really nice as well.