I would like to give this place 3 1/2 stars, but that option isn't really available now is it? 
I really do love the ambiance in spite of being a chain restaurant. The sky overhead with the statue in the middle of the restaurant is a really nice touch and the columns as well. It definitely feels a little different than other chain Mexican restaurants and for the better. 
It probably wasn't the brightest idea to go there yesterday afternoon on Cinco de Mayo, and we had to wait close to an hour for a table around 6pm, but we pretty much expected that. 
The food portions seem huge. My sister-in-law got the "Nogales" plate and I ordered the "Juarez" plate with a "Mexican flag" margarita. Yeah, I am not making that up. They actually called it the Mexican flag margarita...unless I was somehow mistaken, but I swear that's what the waiter said twice. I thought, "Sure... let's try that one." It was pretty good. It tasted like a strawberry daquiri with hints of a margarita on the top. Perhaps, I should've mixed it more? It was awfully sweet though. I'm not sure if the salt on the rim really complimented the sweetness of the drink. Definitely not a drink for a guy though since it was frozen and sweet. 
Back to the Juarez plate. It had a crunchy beef taco with a red sauce, a cheese enchilada, a beef tamale, and chicken enchilada with beans and rice. This plate was off the "Traditional Mexican" section. It was pretty good for what it was. I couldn't tell you specific details about the flavor, because nothing really stood out. It was just good. I remember trying the chicken medallions plate at another visit, and that seemed to be more memorable. The fajitas in the past had been extra good too. 
Our waiter was really nice. He was covering so many tables though, and things were chaotic, so he only visited our table about 3-4 times tops the entire time. This meant empty waters and not asking me if I wanted another margarita. 
In summary, food and ambiance 3 1/2 stars. Service... 2-3 stars. I'm basing this solely on Cinco de Mayo afternoon. I'm almost positve service is better on other days (or at least I'm hoping so)!