Have passed by this place in Montford so many times. So, on Saturday my husband and I decided to give it a try for lunch.

Pretty dead for a Saturday lunch, so we were seated immediately. My husband ordered the beer special for the day and I got the Jalapeno Marg. The jalapeno margarita was delish! They put lots of peppers in there so be ware of those last few sips cause they are hot!

We ordered the guacamole as an appetizer and decided to split a taco plate (we got the chorizo taco and the korean pork with sweet potato fries as the side). They bring out a plate of chips and salsa before the meal....the salsa was perfect for me and not too spicy. Loved it! As for the guac, it was good but definitely not $7 worth since the portion size was incredible small. I definitely dont mind paying a bit more for good guac since avocados are fairly expensive. However, this was such a small baby bowl for that price. If we return, we won't be ordering that again. As for the tacos, the chorizo taco was fairly bland but the korean pork was awesome! The sweet potato fries with dip (not sure what it was....ranch maybe?) were a hit as well! Overall the food was pretty good.

Just two notes I had about the place that make this review a 3 star:
-Service: The place was dead, yet service was really off. The people beside us ordered after us by about 5 minutes and got their food a good bit before us (even though they got two plates of tacos and we only got one). It seemed like the servers always hit the two tables around us and never came to ours for drinks/refills. Not a huge deal but when it isn't crowded, these things are more noticable. 
-Plating: So the server brought out our tacos (and an additional plate, which was nice). However, there was a quarter size piece of fat just sitting on the edge of the plate. It was extremely gross looking. There is zero way that the server or chef didnt notice this cause it was fairly large. It kind of turned me off from the food at first. Fortunately, the korean pork taco helped rectify that some!

Overall, we may return if we are in the area but I am not sure that this is the first place I will think of when I am craving some Tex-Mex type food.