Well where do I start? 

Service started out great. Even when the food was taking a bit long our waiter Noe came over and apologized and was very attentive. 

The food was ok. The pre-meal chips, beans and salsa had me excited about the meal. The margarita wasn't as strong as it should have been given it's large size but it was good. 

Our meal WAS going great until the large party arrived. This wasn't your average large party. No they brought little children approximately 8. Like between the ages of 2 and 6. Now I like children and can have patience when needed, within a certain limit. But when a child begins screaming, running and the parent is not even trying to control said child? But now remember I said children. At first it was just a little annoying, "what's the sound interrupting my thoughts" kind of annoying. But once you are aware of one screaming child it seems to amplify as the seconds go by. 

Interestingly enough we realized that the parties around us were starting to become annoyed. Then the wait staff, all fidgety and and looking annoyed yet too uncomfortable to say anything, avoiding eye contact with us as if hoping by ignoring the noise it would just stop. I began to channel my friend Brianna with the occasional "stop it!" getting a good laugh out of my fam but it wasn't enough to make us forget about the banshee noises coming from the other room. Needless to say I could take it no longer and asked our waiter to ask the manager to please say something. 

As I suspected they were too afraid to say anything. I can understand not wanting to upset a large group especially when most plates are over $10 as I have been a server and work in the service industry. However when you have children running from room to room and adults chasing them like they are wild chickens, you might want to attempt to control the situation. However the manager and Noe did come over to apologize and offer us free dessert. We couldn't be mad at him, after all you can't really control other people and their children. It wasn't his fault that they had no home training. He even bussed our table and hand delivered the dessert. 

Back to the food, I had the Cimichanga de Camarones (shrimp) and a cheese enchilada. The enchilada had more flavor than my chimichanga but deep fried tortilla...
My aunt had two tacos, one chicken and one beef. She said that they were missing "the grease" lol. She even put the spicy salsa on them to add extra flavor. 

My mom and sis had no complaints they had fajitas and a chicken dish.

Free dessert or not a spoon should always be offered with ice cream. Especially when it's yummy chocolate cake and vanilla! 

All in all we could have a great experience and should have been able to enjoy good food, drinks and conversation but unfortunately the evening was sullied by wild children and oblivious parents. We can't fault the manager on duty because the owners probably don't train proper etiquette on how to control potential bad situations. 

Would we return? Maybe but not anytime soon. There's too many options in this city and to be honest we've had better Mexican food. I'm looking forward to my leftovers (in front of the couch with no screaming children) though!