Visited here today for lunch for the first time. I was pretty excited about a salsa bar since I've never been to one and my last meal would definitely include chips and salsa. The rave reviews on Yelp won me over so I decided to recommend this place to a friend so we could meet up for lunch.

Luckily I snagged a spot right out front at 1pm but I'm not sure where the additional parking was? Upon entering, the place has some cute decor but it was a little startling to walk in and see that it's pretty small inside and it was busy. With no hostest stand, I immediately had that, 'deer in headlights look' about what to do and where to go but I was recognized when I walked in within a few seconds and luckily there was a table for two open. While I was recognized and that was a relief, I wasn't greeted per say but was just asked if there would only be one for lunch. I said I was waiting for a friend so luckily they sat me without her being there. The water came around and gave me small plastic Solo cup full for water and menus. I've never seen solo cups like this in a restaurant? Maybe it's for the lunch crowd? I noticed all the other tables had larger drinks, also in plastic cups, so maybe it was just for your drinks to go?

Anyway, my friend arrived a few minutes later and after we got caught up on our week and looked over the menu, I had to flag down our waiter to order. I attempted to order the grapefruit margarita that I had heard rave reviews about but the waiter didn't understand 'Grapefruit Margarita' and offered some fruity one with melon and something else. When I confirmed that it didn't have grapefruit and he offered another one, again without grapefruit, I opted just to forget it and drink the water. I figured I would fill up on chips and salsa so I went with two al la cart tacos. My friend ordered a mahi mahi bowl. I was pretty impressed with their chips, not overly thick like some places and pretty light and the the 6-7 salsas we tried were mostly good. I wasn't aware there was a need for peanut salsa? It was definitely different but not something I needed to try twice. My favorites were the creamy white one (can't remember the name) and the strawberry salsa one. You go help yourself to the salsa bar once they bring the chips but it looked like you had to pay extra for an extra bowl of chips since they were on their special of the day board for $2. Also, the salsa bar had small dipping cups to eat the salsa. They're about the size of the to-go dressing cups you get in other restaurants but not quite as deep. Again, they were plastic so it kinda took away from the overall feel of the meal. I'm all for convenience and I know this probably cuts down on the customers filling up larger containers and wasting salsa...and doing dishes...but I would think there has to be a more environmentally and more aesthetic way to do this? Granted, this is no fancy Mexican place but they seemed to put effort in the decor so maybe that's where they spent all their money on rather than real dishes? It definitely did discourage me from going back for seconds though so maybe that was their goal?

Our food came and both my tacos were really good. The presentation was nice, no plastic there! The tortillas were fresh and all ingredients seemed quality. My friend said her dish was really good and she got a really big portion. 

We enjoyed our meal but our waiter never returned. A young kid, maybe 8 or 10, came over and asked to take our plates and he asked if there was anything else we needed. I requested the bill thinking he would tell our waiter that we were ready for the check. I'm guessing this is a family owned place so I understand everyone pitching in but the kid then delivered our check and then took our credit cards to pay for the bill! Our waiter was standing back at the register, almost watching over him though, but I still wasn't overly eager about handing over my card to such a young kid. He was at least faster than our waiter though so I guess it was okay.

I really don't mean to harp on this place because the food was good. Just a few more things done differently and I could see this being a go-to spot for me. For now, it doesn't top my list of places I have to come back to soon.