This is a tough one.  I really wanted to like this place.  It's close to my home, it has a nice look to it, live music on Thursday (apparently), and not a big chain.  I discovered them because if you support KJZZ (NPR) you get a bonus here.  So we just had to check it out.

When we were seated the chips and salsa came as fast as we were sitting down.  I like that.  The salsa is a basic chili salsa. Very ordinary with chili flakes to make it spicy. Reminded me of enchilada sauce.  Chips seemed store bought, but they told us that they received "homemade" tortillas from a vendor and cut and fried them themselves.  OK.  I didn't ask about the salsa, but I think they'd do better with a pico de gallo. 

Nice bathroom. Music is appropriate (a Latin feel to it instead of top 40 like a lot of places have). 

The food came astonishingly fast.  I can't imagine that it was truly fresh.  Most places take up to 20 minutes to bring out the food.  This was out in less than 10.  How did they do that?  The portion was small.  Well, the burro (which is what I ordered) was maybe 2/3 the size of a Chipotle burro.  The rice and beans portions were reasonable.  The rice was good. The "borracha beans" were ordinary. The asada meat my wife ordered was really good. Rojo chicken (my burro) was not great.  Again, the rojo sauce seemed like an enchilada sauce, and that's what the chicken was cooked in (the burro itself was dry).

Because of the KJZZ support thing we got a free dessert.  The cheesecake in a jar was tasty, but they didn't make it!!  They order it from a vendor.  Makes me wonder what else they didn't make.

I think two stars is a bit harsh, but they really don't make it to three stars in my book.  I really wish Yelp; would let us choose half stars.  This is a solid 2.5 stars.  If the asada had been mediocre I'd say 2 stars, but the asada was really good.  Tasty and unlike a lot of places it seemed to be good quality meat (no gristle).  So two stars just wouldn't be fair.

I don't know if we'll be back.  We might try them one more time.  Maybe.