I was supposed to meet friends for margaritas at Macayo's about a year ago... but we couldn't find parking on a Friday night. Tonight, when my roomie said she was up for Mexican, I couldn't even remember what the place was called, just where it was located and that I had been meaning to try it for quite some time.

The decor of Macayo's is bright and colorful. With all the porcelain looking animals, including a large number of birds and frogs it felt almost Caribbean. While it didn't feel upscale, this is far from a hole in the wall place. Macayo's is relatively large, which explains why I had a parking problem a year ago. This time around (about 8 p.m. on a Wednesday) parking was no problem. The restaurant wasn't completely dead, just relatively quiet. 

When dining at a Mexican restaurant for the first time, I stick to the basics. For starters, I wasn't impressed by the salsa and chips. The salsa, although seeming homemade, was fairly standard restaurant style... and heavy on the cilantro. It wasn't watery or chunky. It wasn't particularly spicy or bland. The chips weren't warm and sorta tasted like they came out of a bag. We also ordered the bean dip for an appetizer. While the bean dip was better than the salsa, it still wasn't very impressive. The "creamy" refried beans bordered on watery and most of the dip tasted bland until you hit a jalapeo or cilantro leaf. 

For the main course, I ordered the Sonoran Enchilada Sampler, which includes a beef enchilada with green chile sauce, a chicken enchilada with Baja sauce and a cheese enchilada in red sauce with black beans and rice. This was the highlight of the meal. The rice was excellent. The cheese enchilada had a little bit of zing to it which was a nice surprise after the salsa and bean dip. The chicken enchilada, in addition to the green chile sauce was covered in a spicy jack cheese that complimented the chicken. The beef enchilada... is sitting in my fridge, as the portions are rather large (standard for most Mexican resturants in the area).

I found picking a star rating for Macayo's difficult. I usually reserve three stars for restaurants to which, while I would return, didn't have many other redeeming qualities. On the other hand, I usually reserve four stars for restaurants that, while they have great food, still have flaws. In other words, I'd give Macayo's a 3.5 stars if it were an option. There are definitely other things on the menu that caught my eye... and due to the location, I'll probably eventually end up back at Macayo's meeting people for margaritas.