I had been urged to come here several times by friends, for whom this is their go-to place for a Mexican food fix.  Finally, they simply took me here.  I didn't know what to expect in a remote area of town that was previously unknown to me.  I just ordered my favorites, and let the chips fall where they landed.

In this case an abundance of warm tortilla chips freshly made in house landed on my table in a woven basket, along with hot sauce and a bean dip, just after I had sat down--on a super-hard, wooden seat.  The chips and dipping alternatives were welcome sights for this hungry diner.  Soon two orders of guacamole joined this array, and I quickly forgot about my hard seat.  

The homemade guacamole was cool and creamy, but it still retained a few small lumps and tiny pieces of tomato.  If it contained any sour cream, it was not enough for me to notice.  The hot sauce was good and tasty, with medium-level spiciness.  The bean dip, slightly salty, was mild and addictive.  The chip basket was emptying fast, as one after the other worked their way to my mouth.  Service was excellent, as my water and Sprite were replenished without request, and I was even asked to hand over used paper napkins during the course of dining, so new ones could be immediately supplied.  I don't know if this was the regular level of service or influenced by my photo and note taking inside the restaurant.  But it was stellar service.

I ordered a Burrito Mojado, a wet carnitas burrito covered with Enchilada Sauce and a smattering of guacamole, that I suspected would be too large for me to finish in one sitting.  And I was right--especially because I ordered it with an a la carte Shredded Beef Taco.  The burrito, which was filled with carnitas, beans, and rice, was a bit salty but otherwise tasted great.  The Enchilada Sauce over melted cheese was mild, which is what I prefer.  I ate and enjoyed a little over half of the gigantic burrito that arrived before me, and packaged the remainder for a follow-up lunch.    

The taco in a springy, mostly hard corn tortilla, as ordered, tasted good, but I was quite disappointed that, although it contained adequate amounts of shredded beef, lettuce, and shredded cheese, this taco was sans tomato.  I often pay extra to make sure that I get tomatoes in my tacos, but this time decided that I would just eat what was presented to me as is.  I was surprised that the taco tasted as good as it did while lacking tomatoes, but still would have preferred some cool, red vegetation in that taco.  

Non-Mexican fare did not fare that well on this outing.  Diane's ordered Cheeseburger ran into serious trouble.  In two tries at medium-rare, the kitchen first produced a patty that was beyond well done, and then another that was simply well done.  And the forlorn patties each looked to be no thicker than 1/8 of a pound.

The restaurant had a display case that contained a Chocolate Cake, Red Velvet Cake, Carrot Cake, Cheesecake, and Lemon Cake that all looked pretty good.  So, I ordered a slice of Lemon Cake for sharing.  And, it was cold, imbued with the flavor of lemon, and pretty darn good!

Casa Don Juan has a nice, festive atmosphere with some interesting touches, like several pictures and photos of Mexican artist Frida Kahlo on a dedicated wall.  This is Old Las Vegas, South of the Border style.  And, based on what I ate and experienced here, I intend to return.