Having lived in Arcadia for the majority of my life, I'm always excited to see a new neighborhood spot open up! And, being the Mexican food junkie that I am, Milagro seemed right up my alley.

We decided to check it out on a Sunday night around 7PM and since there were going to be 5 of us, I made a reservation just to play it safe. Considering the fact they had just opened the week prior, this wasn't necessarily a must. We were seated right away and promptly greeted by our friendly server. There were a few other tables of families scattered throughout the fully remodeled Mexican grill but it wasn't crazy busy. It's hard to imagine this being Joey's of Chicago or Rhumbi just a few short months ago.

Being a sucker for a good salsa (I really do feel like that can make or break a Mexican restaurant), we decided to start out with the salsa trio and the fresh, traditional guacamole. The guacamole was amazing and the salsas were nice with a unique touch! Now I tend to like everything really spicy and I didn't find any of the salsas to have too much of a "kick" to them, but they were delicious none-the-less.

After perusing the drink menu for some time, I finally decided on the Sandia Diablo (jalapeño-infused Tito's vodka, watermelon purée, cranberry, and pressed lime). This was outstanding! Seeing as how I am quite the vodka-cran aficionado, this sounded like a perfect, Mexican-infused twist on my favorite classic.

For dinner we all opted for different dishes so we could try a variety of menu items. I'm always a taco person so I went with the carne tacos (3 to an order). These were pretty darn good...nicely seasoned with refreshing toppings that complimented the meat well. Now most menu options seemed to be served a la carte, so we ordered a variety of sides to try. Our table had two orders of the basmati rice which I must say was definitely different. It had a very balsamic taste to it (which I didn't mind because I love vinegar), however, it is not your traditional rice. We also tried the frijoles blancos and frijoles rancheros which were both delicious!

Now this isn't going to be your traditional Mexican restaurant. If you are looking for cheese crisps and enchiladas, you'd be better off going next door to Tee Pee. However, at Tee Pee you can expect to find twice the grease and half the quality. Milagro is going to be a little on the pricier side but hey, if the food is good it doesn't bother me. One thing I will say is that I wouldn't mind seeing some fajitas or enchiladas on their menu in the future!

If you haven't yet driven past Milagro, one of their main draws is the huge expansion of the patio. With the weather cooling down, this will be a huge key to their success! I look forward to chips and salsa filled Happy Hours spent relaxing on the patio with a Sandia Diablo in hand.

Overall it was good food, good drinks, good atmosphere, and I am definitely excited to have another restaurant option nearby!