Definitely A-OK!  Very cool ambiance.  Yes, the big funky chandeliers are from Ikea, but that's what's so cool!  You don't have to blow the bank account to give a funky, urban feel.  Whoever did the interior design rocked it---I wanted to go home and re-do my house!  The inside dining room was full, so we were seated on the patio, which thanks to the misters, was very comfortable---and the loud music was pleasantly dimmed.

Okay now...the important stuff.  We went on a Groupon deal.  That always makes the service iffy.  Some servers hear the word "Groupon" and shut down.  So all I can say is: "Sit at Jim's station!!!!"  Totally great guy----attentive without hovering, chatted without being chatty, exuded niceness and "I like people and my job" vibe.  I wanted to take him home and adopt him!  We'll definitely ask to be seated in his section when we return---and the fact we mention returning shows MM was a good time!

We had the $60 for 4 people Groupon.  DH and I both ordered glasses of wine and our under-aged Dining Companions stuck to water.  (Jim brought us all water WITH lemon---extra point!)  The menu is not huge, so we weren't mulling it over for an hour.  But while we considered our options, we ordered the flight of salsas and chips.  Plenty of fresh, crispy chips and the salsas were good!  Tomatillo, chipotle, and pico de gallo. Luckily, amongst the four of us, we all had our favorites, so there wasn't too much squabbling and with free refills of salsas and chips, we got our fill!  In the end, DH ordered the plate of Chicken Street tacos (corn) and I got the Carne Asada Street Tacos (flour), 3 to a plate, then we shared between us.  Our DC's also got the chicken tacos and a chicken salad.  Then between the four of us, we split an order of onion rings.

The onion rings came with a spicy aioli dip.  They were lightly battered, crisp, hot...so good!  I would say totally house-made.  The chicken tacos were okay.  Not a whole lot of flavor, really---I don't think chicken in any form has too much flavor!---but we were piling on lots of the yummy salsas.  The carne asada tacos were very simple.  Some grilled meat, a few slices of avocado, and a ring of onion.  But they didn't need a lot of dressing.  The quality and taste of the beef was so good!  DH ate half of the one I shared and said for sure that's what he was ordering next time!  They were delish.  I didn't sample the kids' chicken salad, but they ate every scrap and commented on how fresh it was, with the lettuce, chicken, apple slices, cheese, egg...they enjoyed!  

A couple of points to earlier reviews: first, yeah, these are small portions but this is more a bar than a restaurant AND it's all about the small plates.  For the quantity and quality, I think prices were very reasonable.  And secondly, I agree---how cool if Jim the Wonder Server had come around with one of those trays of shot-glass desserts.  That would have been a great finale.  We would have squeezed it in, although I have to tell you---between the chips and the tacos and the onion rings and the salad, everybody was very satisfied at the end of the meal.

Good food, great service, reasonable prices, neat ambiance and fifteen minutes from our house----I would be surprised if Modern Margarita doesn't become a regular stop on our dining route!