Viva Bush! (are we serious?)

A couple months ago I was reading a SkyMail magazine (I should have known) on my way home from a business trip when I came across a section about Phoenix. In there they lauded the traditional staple, Tee Pee. As an avid a&e girl, I made a note and told myself I'd give it a try sometime soon.

I had some friends in town from out east. On their last night they asked to eat mex food one last time before they headed back (I had taken them to Barrio and a few other clutch spots prior to this).  I was trying to think of some place i hadn't been and the Tee Pee review came to mind. 

Vamos 

The place looks ok enough. Parking was tight but doable. As I entered, I was immediately greeted by two prominently displayed bumper stickers reading Viva Bush! Upon further inspection, I discovered that this was due to W's trip to the restaurant while in the Valley in 04. Woo hoo. I picked up on their sycophant theme with celeb pics from brad in tool time to larry bird...i guess I can't blame them too much...they appear to be very open about the dire need for a little et-esque action. 

To preface I have to be honest -- I'm a guac and marg snob. I could live off of them both and thus my reviews tend to get really jaded when either aren't up to par. So, we each had margaritas...weak, mixy tasting, and small. Guac again was weak (not very flavorful), mixy-processed tasting, and small. Not a complete failure...definitely edible...just nothing special. 

For my entree, I had the fish tacos which were drenched in grease and barely had anything in them.  But the fish was grilled or broiled (I'm not sure) and not breaded, which was a definite plus. Others ordered a guac tostada, which apparently was decent but not superb. My veg friend ordered the veg plate which was beans, calabistas, and rice. Again, decent nothing too impressive.

So 3 stars because the food was definitely ok and worth eating. But it's not anywhere near authentic, original, or flavorful. 

So if you want some American-Mex that screams Viva Bush...this is your spot!