I went to Barrio Queen with my girlfriend on a Wednesday around 3. Apart from a woman dining alone we were the only ones there. The food was great but like other reviewers I thought the price and the service were not that great.

Service:
The staff was very friendly, but for having next to no one in at the time, they were very slow. Between asking what the taco of the day was, and actually ordering, our waitress left and came back about 3 times. With no one else there, whom she was serving or what she was doing was a mystery. First we ordered drinks, a Victoria and a house margarita. They came after some time. We followed it up with a round of 4 tacos and an order of guacamole. The tacos came a little slow and one at a time, which was hilarious. Definitely the funniest part about eating here. I had mine before my girlfriend even got hers. While eating we ordered another round of tacos still wondering when the guac would arrive. I asked the waitress if it had been forgotten, prompting her to return with it after we had finished our meal.

Food:
Food is where Barrio Queen gets it right. For all the faults of the service, it was more than made up for in quality. Every taco we ordered was delicious. We ordered at least one of each type, between steak, pork, chicken, and fish, they were all well made. The quality of meat is very good and the variety is unbeatable. The accompanying salsas are flavorful and have a bit of a kick to them. Despite getting the guac after we finished eating, it was still delicious (really would have been nice to eat it WITH the tacos, I cannot stress this enough). The guac is done particularly well and is filled with refreshing pomegranate seeds, think Barrio Cafe in central phoenix. Though I only ordered one drink, their house margarita, it was well mixed and very good (as for the rest of the booze, they had a cool mix of tequilas).

Price:
The price of our meal was more absurd than the idea of a person handing you tacos one by one for an hour and a half (which happened). Our middle of the day lunch meal, about 4 tacos each, guac, and drinks, was a bill upwards of $50. Although it's quite obvious to see where the money goes when you take a look at the prices, it's a bit insulting for what they give you, (but then again that's sort of Scottsdale's whole vibe).

If Pink Taco and Gallo Blanco had a child, that then grew up to be an asshole, it would be Barrio Queen. Oh, and I also ordered the same taco twice, and got two different things, which was hilarious, but I liked it.