Closer to 2.5 stars
What can I really say about Chayo? It was ok. Being from a border city and living in San Antonio makes me really picky about Mexican/Tex Mex/Mex-Fusion cuisine.
If the service was better, it would be perfectly adequate. I had dinner with a colleague here on a Monday evening. We were pretty hungry and thought this might be a good option. 
Our server seemed a little out of it and came to our table a few times without even taking our drink orders. He instead waited until we had decided on our food order before accepting our drink orders. I ordered a paloma. This is my beverage of choice anywhere that claims to be a tequila bar. Tequila is my favorite spirit and as such, i was really expecting to be wowed by this semi overpriced cocktails. I wasn't. The only reason I know it had tequila in it, was because they menu said that it did. In a tequila cocktail, you want to taste the tequila, not to judge the strength, but rather to enjoy the pairing of flavors between the agave, the bitter grapefruit and the tart lime. Unfortunately, i was basically drinking a glass of watered down, warm grapefruit juice. Yes, dear reader, it was served over ice, but it wasn't even cold. GROSS!
My friend ordered a sangria that also seemed to suffer from a distinct dearth of alcohol. 
Our food was slightly better, but the service did not improve. Considering the place was practically empty, this was not pleasing. 
We had ordered chips and salsa to start, but it was brought out with our food. Considering that they charge for them, you'd think they'd bring them out when you ask. I ordered the chipotle chicken tostadas. Depending on where you are, you may be familiar with this dish as chalupas or some other colorful name. Essentially, they are corn tortillas, that have been fried crisp and topped with different things. This particular dish had a smear of black beans, the chipotle chicken, a drizzle of sour cream, a sprinkling of queso fresco and a random slice of radish as garnish. The chicken was smokey, but lacked spice and would benefit from some acid. It was a large portion (3 to an order), but the tortillas were not able to stand up to the toppings and ended up falling apart. I had to eat them with a fork. 
My friend had the carnitas tacos. Her tortillas also seemed to fall apart. She was pretty happy with the meat. 
The chips were pretty generic, but the salsa was not very good. It was pretty bland.