I would go to Asi if it were just me and another, because the decor is nice for intimate setting, in particular the fun guitar guy who is not too loud to drown out conversation and doesn't wander about the place, just plays lilting melodies, upping the ambiance considerably. This is responsible for one of their stars. 
I might go to Asi with someone who speaks Spanish to be better assured of understanding that the order is right. Even with slow clear English it was hard to get a straight answer from our hostess regarding what something actually included. We thought we had communicated properly, but the charges at the end were a mind opener. We ordered one appetizer platter and four appeared.  I thought the normal (24.95) platter had been split among four plates as each plate had about 2T of  stews on it.  We asked and she said yes, this is how they do it with large parties, for sharing. In reality each plate was a separate full price platter. ..... $99 for 4 of these? OUCH. While the foods at Asi are pleasant, the prices are a little steep for the size or quantity received. If you are a large party,( we had 17) expecting to split checks, don't. Bring cash, they will only allow two credit cards to be used to pay and you'll have to split out your own check. 
Back to the food: I ordered the leg of lamb, but my lamb was cubed and buried under a thickened tomato based sauce, not explained on the menu. It was decent flavoring, but not what I was expecting. My partner got the "especial". The Shrimp was flayed open, large and fresh, the steak medium rare and free of too much fat, but again covered in a tomato sauce. As we both can't handle too much acid, that lowered our joy. The vegetable was corn and onions in sour cream.  I thought my $20 entree included a salad, but this is only a tomato and a slice of lettuce on the side of my plate. I consider those Mexican garnishes, not salads. The sauces that came to the table were really yummy and were good on the homemade tortilla chips and guac.
This was all at the UYE event that Julie so graciously organized and while we enjoyed the guitar player and munchies and our company, we left with a sour taste at the bill (434.00, not including tip) and the way things were poorly explained by the hostess (the chips/guac was not complimentary either it was $8 a plate and they brought four of those too without being asked for multiples). Another star would have been given if there weren't such unfortunate (and not corrected by the restaurant, nothing comped or made clear until too late) billing issues.
So if you go, be very clear with your order, prepare with cash just in case, order some flavored waters, enjoy the guitar guy and watch out for misunderstandings.