Okay, so after my last review I received a friendly reminder from the owner, Terry, that perhaps I was thinking of the America's Special for Two when I mentioned I can't justify spending $20 on carne asada tacos for two. No, I wasn't talking about that, but thank you for the heads up. I do understand that America's food is high in quality and especially tasty, and I appreciate that. I don't necessarily appreciate a "friendly reminder" from the owner wherein my review is casually mentioned as incorrect. I was simply stating my opinion.

Anyway, let it be known that I have returned twice since my initial review (which was written after several visits), upon the request of Terry. Both times were for breakfast burritos. The first time, we dined in. Actually, we sat on their new patio. The patio is spacious and has a nice little bar and more than several tables. It was a Sunday morning, and a little early, so we were the only ones dining outside. Now let me ask, what the hell was up with all of the flies?! There were literally hundreds of flies outside. On the tables, the bar, the chairs, EVERYWHERE. Like, what were they so attracted to? It didn't seem so bad at first, but as soon as we got our food we were swarmed. Our table was full with food, drinks and the like so instead of moving everything inside we just ate really quickly. An employee came out and asked how everything was, and was quick to apologize after we pointed out the disgusting amount of flies swarming the porch. 

Now, about the food. The breakfast burritos were HUGE. I mean, huge. I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the burritos (did they up their portions??) and was able to take half home with me. Good thing, considering it was nearly $7. We also ordered horchata but there was so much ice it was sucked down in no time. Note to self: next time ask for light ice.

Okay, so that visit I was surprised. Maybe I was wrong? So my second visit I called in three breakfast burritos to go. I'm imagining the last burrito I had and think surely I can't be disappointed. Wrong! I pick up my burritos, pay $19.33 for them ($20 on breakfast burritos?!) and they are measly! They are HALF the size of the previous burritos. What the hell? Consistency please! 

I really don't know if we'll be back or not.. I'm thinking third times a charm and maybe they'll have things figured out by then, so maaaybbbeee we'll give it one more shot. Like I said, I'm torn. I really do want to love America's Taco Shop.