My lovely daughter Whitney wanted to take me to the movies today.
It was delightful to get a chance to put on my Tuesday best and head out into the mean streets of Old Town Scottsdale for lunch and a matinee!
It was Taco Tuesday so my thoughts naturally turned to Cien Agaves Tacos and Tequila.
The name, Cien Agaves means "one hundred, green, spiny plants" but I suspect there is more to the name than that...they also sell tequila...lots and lots of tequila. 
In fact, they sell more the one hundred kinds of tequila...a wide selection of various types and quality of tequilas that range all the way from the stuff they siphon out of the gas tank of a 1978 Toyota pick-up truck in Nogales to tequila that was, evidently, made from platinum plated agaves (at least if the price of a shot is to be believed).
They even have a "tequila club"...nice! 
I used to belong to a "tequila club" when I was young and bulletproof...I would drink "tequila" (or agaves, as they call it here) until they (whoever "they" are) needed a club to get me back under control...I could literally fly under the influence of crazy juice:)
I decided not rejoin Cien Agaves tequila club...you should all be thanking your lucky stars:)
I hadn't been to Cien Agaves for quite a while and I am glad my sweet daughter took me there for lunch today (a euphemism...dear old dad bought, but I like to think of that as my privilege:)
No tequila today...no, it was taco Tuesday! $1.00 shredded beef tacos and $2.00 Tecate cerveza's all day long! That's what we were there to try!
So we stocked up on $1.00 tacos for lunch, right? Of course not, don't be silly...dad was buying:)
We had exactly 1 shredded beef taco (which was tasty, BTW). We had lobster tacos...(ok, but pretty salty...and if I think it was salty... baby, it was salty) we had veggie tacos, we had rice and beans. Most everything was OK to tasty and sent us off to the movies in fine style. 
The service was prompt and friendly, even though Cien Agaves was absolutely jam-packed during the lunch hour. I had no idea so many people wanted a full rack of $1.00 tacos!
Next time, I am going to see if I can eat $5.00 worth of Taco Tuesday tacos...I could do it when I was in the tequila club:)