I got to try Las Velas for the first time as a member of a 17 person party celebrating two birthdays.  It was a Saturday night and the restaurant had business, but I wouldn't say it was busy.

     We were one of the first couples to arrive so my lady and I ordered drinks.  They offer their own margarita-esque concoctions which we tried.  I went with the Mango/Cayenne variety and she ordered the Raspberry/Chipotle.  We ended up exchanging drinks due to mine being pretty damn good and hers tasting, like you'd expect, a lot like ice cold alcoholic chipotle juice.  After I got most of the bits of chipotle through the straw, the remainder of the drink wasn't half bad.

     Once the party arrived and everyone got drinks and some chips/guac, It took a little longer for our server to return to order entrees, but It just felt like he was giving us all time to settle in with the menu.  It seemed like my fiance and I were the only ones to order a first course, but I like to try as much as possible when dining out.  She got the ceviche and when the server didn't recall the soup of the day off the top of his head, I went with the tortilla soup.  Her ceviche tasted pretty OK.  It had plenty of citrus with lots of tomato and onion and the portion was really large.  One thing I got from it was that it was most likely yesterday's cocktail shrimp and precooked flaked white fish by the texture of it.  My tortilla soup was quite a large portion, maybe 10oz or more by the look of it.  I thought it tasted great, the tortilla strips were a little soggy, but still had their crispiness, and the broth was tasty.

     For our entrees I ordered the chilis rellanos with pork and she got the red snapper al cilantro.  Once we put our orders in our tables didn't have to wait long to be served.  She enjoyed her fish, which was small bites of white fish in a nice cilantro herb sauce with the typical sides.  She was only able to eat about half the ceviche and entree before filling up.  

     My rellanos were kinda disappointing. I ordered them because my go-to at most Mexican restaurants is chilis poblano, which is identical to what I ordered (some places the 'chilis rellanos' is bell pepper instead of poblano).  Well the pepper was nice, battered roasted poblano, but the sauce was pretty boring, and the cheese it was stuffed with wasn't melted or delicious like more fairly priced joints outside the city.  The cheese itself was really spongy, with a texture most comparable to tofu.  The pork that was also stuffed into the pepper was slow roasted and cubed up, and was just OK.  It probably would of stood out better if it was coated in piping hot liquid queso.

     In conclusion, we had a great time, I didn't hear any complaints from the rest of the large party.  Luckily I live east of the city and can find better quality of Mexican if I make a drive the whole way down rt22 to Delmont for Picante Grille.  Also I'm sure rent @ market square is steep, but suck it up and give up a basket of chips and salsa on the house for every two guests seated at your restaurant.  Rely on the quality of your chips as well as the guacamole to up-sale that 2nd basket or the upgrade to the guac.

     I should also note the dining room is well maintained with a great view of the square. We lucked out and finally had some snowfall the night prior, so it was beautiful out.  I'm not opposed to going back, but without some coaxing this won't be my first choice.