Matt C. and I went here on Saturday night, and to be honest, I was a little taken aback by the prices and some other things. Now now, before you get your panties in a bundle, I do realize it is the strip so of course things are going to be more expensive. I just cannot understand why 4 small corn tortillas, a sliced grilled chicken breast, black beans, and cilantro rice was $15. I also can't understand why their 14 oz margaritas range from $12-14. You can go anywhere on the strip and pay $10 more for a yard, and I know that because I used to work at a Mexican restaurant on the strip that sold yards of margaritas.  Basically El Segundo Sol took the place of Cafe Ba Ba Reeba. The remodel kept a lot of the elements of Ba Ba Reeba such as the wood panels, the entire bar, and various other things. What I could not understand is why they had posters and magazines decoupaged on the yellow walls of matadors from famous posters of bullfighters in Spain. Is this Mexican or Spanish with all of the leftover Ba Ba Reeba decor and the obviously off cultural elements? Spanish culture and Mexican culture, two different things. I'm digressing from the actual experience so let's get to that. 

So we walk into a packed restaurant on a Saturday night. Luckily there was no wait time for the two of us, and we got sat right away. It took us a couple minutes to get greeted by an attractive waitress wearing a black guayabera unbuttoned enough so we could see her lacy black bra (hey if you got it, then get it giiiiiirl). Service was friendly but the timing was off.  It took longer than what it should of to bring our Prickly Pear Margarita and Organic Margarita to the the table. I ordered the chicken tacos since Matt already ate and in that time frame (15-20 minutes) the table in front of ours got sat, ordered food, received their food and was 5 minutes into enjoying their food before I even got my plate of tacos. I was about to ask where my comida was when the food runner brought it out. I know it was busy, I work in restaurants but it shouldn't of taken 20 minutes to bring a plate of tacos to the table. The chicken was tender and the rice and beans were good. The plate was served in a DIY style with everything laid out for you and some corn tortillas in a tin cup. No complaints on that, but it should of been around $11 not $15. We got done, saw a runner carrying flan, thought YUM and decided to split it. We got talked into ordering the tres leches cheesecake instead, which was okay. It was COVERED in cinnamon. It could of been sifted onto the dessert without using a quarter of a jar of cinnamon. Honestly, it tasted like bread pudding and  looked sort of like bread pudding. It was a circular mushy cake emulsified in a syrup and covered in cinnamon. We got a $9 discount because of Matt and the grand total came out to $38. It was $47. The price points were as such: 14 oz Pickly Pear margarita $12 14 oz organic margarita $13, chicken tacos $15, and tres leches $5. 

In conclusion, the service was friendly, the ambiance was nice (albeit completely not authentic), but the prices and the timing need work. If the price points were brought down 1-2 dollars it would be more accessible to locals and more on par with what the place is, which is an Americanized Mexican fusion restaurant on the strip.