Went for the menudo. The best part about it was the freshness and cleanliness of the dish. However, the serving was barely enough. Other menudo specialty restaurants serve a bottomless bowl for 50 cents less and it's usually as good or better tasting..
The service at Rosita's is the worst. When we arrived it took a few minutes for the waitress to arrive. She brought 2 forks, 1 knife and chips and salsa. No water.  She left and returned about 7 minutes later with pad and pen in hand. She asked us what we wanted to drink and my daughter ordered a soft drink and I ordered a Chelada.  I also asked for waters.  She asked my daughter what she wanted to order. My daughter asked me if we are ready and the waitress told my daughter "You order now."  We ordered.  Several minutes later we got our drinks and 1 glass of water.  The Chelada tasted more like a Bloody Mary and I only drank 1/2.  
The food arrived and our order was right. My daughter had a beef Chimichanga with rice and beans. Over priced at $12 but the flavors were outstanding. Especially the beans and rice.  As mentioned earlier, the Menudo was fantastic but the portion left me wanting more.
As we were eating I called across the room for an order of Pozole to go.  My waitress replied from across the room "Let me check."  She did not ask me if I wanted red or white, beef or pork, and flour or corn tortillas.  Yet when she brought me the to go bag I asked if it was red and if she included flour tortilla.  She replied they only sell red and she put flour tortilla as I had requested. Again I hadn't been offered a choice.  When my wife ate the Pozole she discovered the tortillas were corn. Also, the Pozole had only 2 pieces of meat and the hominy was hard.
Finally, the check was scibbled and illegible. I was charged $40.65 for 2 bowls of basically soup,  a fried burrito with beans and rice, and a beer and soda.
I wouldn't mind paying $40 if the Pozole had been as good as the Menudo.  They'd have a better chance of my return business or recommendation to others if portions were larger. I had a difficult time tipping as much as 10% for the horrible service that came with bottomless bowl of attitude.