Let's start with the fact that I gave Taco Guild 3 stars because it's really gorgeous inside.  Great ambiance.  I would bet it's super sexy at night when the lights are low.  Amazing reuse of an existing church! If it weren't so pretty, I would have given it 2 stars.  

One of the remaining two stars can be attributed to their GREAT happy hour prices.  $5 for a killer margarita that certainly was NOT stingy on the tequila, is worthy of it's own star.  Without the yummy margarita at $5, I would have given it 1 star.  It was NOT WORTH $60 FOR LUNCH.  

For a place that uses the word "Taco" right in its name, the tacos better be top notch, mouth-watering, dreamy.  Two out of the 6 we tried fit that description.  One was the Pork Adovada.  It was delicious.  The other was the special taco of the day, chicken with mexican cheese and some delicious sauce. Hopefully they put it on the  permanent menu!  It's far better than the dried up, tasteless options we unfortunately chose at the suggestion of our server (who was very nice btw).  So disappointing. 

We also had the ceviche of the day, which happened to be Ahi tuna.  Although, had they not told us it was Ahi, we never would have known it.  The dish was $10 and there were maybe 4 minuscule pieces of fish in it. And the chips they served with it completely overpowered the ceviche.  To the point that we used the tortilla chips they gave us when we sat down (paired with 4 different kinds of salsa...each one more bland than the other, with the exception of one, that tasted like sriracha poured directly into a ramekin...which isn't bad.. not just very authentic).  

Sadly, the street corn was soggy and bland. It was the first time in our entire lives we've left street corn uneaten.  Normally we battle for the last kernels, licking our lips along the way.  Theirs simply wasn't worth eating. Better to save the calories for something good.  Like their margaritas. 

So the net net.  Go after 10pm for their late night happy hour. Sit in the gorgeous candlelit room, sipping on fabulous margaritas for $5, order yourself a couple of the tacos of the day for $1.99 each (that way if they aren't that good, you won't mind so much), and you'll get to experience Taco Guild in a great way.  Otherwise, I fear you may leave like we did.  $60 poorer, hungry, and feeling like we just got rolled.