Visited PHX for my first time and found this place through yelp.  I ordered the special of the week which was Buffalo Brulee Burger.  One point of improvement is that they could add the price to the bottom of the burger.  I didn't know I was going to pay $8ish+tax.  It was fine since it's my 1st time trying it.

The cashier was pleasant, wasn't overly enthusiastic and seemed kind of bored.  He took my order and handed it over to the kitchen.  I did notice that the cook had to come out to see what other ingredients were in that burger.  I was quite perplexed by this.  Shouldn't you know everything on your menu by heart?  This is my second point of contention.

One thing I didn't expect was for them to bring the food to your table.  I thought that added a nice personal touch to it.

The meat was juicy despite them not asking me how I want my burger to be cooked.  The lettuce and scallions were fresh.  The cucumbers were cooked, not sure if people like that or not but I had no issues with it.  The buffalo sauce was flavorful and had a subtle kick to it.  Not enough kick to the point where you need water.  The burnt sugar bun was interesting.  You can see the sugar melted onto the bun but at the same time you could see the crystals.  Some of the crystals did not fully melt so when you bit into the burger, sometimes those crystals got stuck in your teeth or gave you a sensation of eating sand.  They just need to be more thorough.  If I had only tried this burger, I would have given them 4 stars, but I tried their french toast fries.

The french toast fries is exactly as it sounds, they basically take the corners of the bread, turn it into french toast, then deep fry it and put powdered sugar on it.  They also give you a side of syrup which was very watered down.  I think the fries would have tasted a lot better if they had more bread component than just the edges.  You can definitely taste the oil on these things so it should be toned down a bit.

The decor was alright, the light fixtures were kind of odd and not sure what they were trying to go for.  They do have good food photos of their products though.  The bathroom was okay.  Not terribly dirty, very spacious, but wished it would be a lot brighter inside.

Despite the 3 stars, I would definitely come back here again and would recommend this place with the caveat that not everything is up to par.