I stopped by here this past Friday with my fiance, another couple and their toddler.  My fiance and I arrived at the restaurant shortly after 7 PM and walked in to see a mostly empty space.  Shortly thereafter the hostess came over to us and asked us if we had reservations.  Sadly I thought that the place was a little bigger than the maybe 5 or 6 tables that it had in it and we did not.  We were then offered the option of either sitting inside at the bar or outside.  Since we were going to have a toddler with us, we ended up choosing outside even though it was threatening to rain.  Due to us sitting outside I didn't really get to see how the dining room looked.  The bar I did get to see though and whenever you were in there it almost felt like you were in a tourist trap in Mexico.  There was some cheesy 70's overstuffed red chairs and a lot of Mexican tchotchke behind the bar.
 
Soon after we chose to sit outside the other couple made it there and had brought their own bottle of wine since Casa Rasta is BYOB.  Upon coming over to introduce herself the waitress ended up taking the bottle of wine off of the table and disappeared into the restaurant.  I don't think I have ever seen a BYOB bottle of wine disappear into the restaurant before but it ultimately didn't matter as it was returned about 5 minutes later.  At this point the other couple ended up ordering a quesadilla for their toddler and the waitress left us.  A number of minutes later she arrived back with the quesadilla and we were able to order.  The table started out by sharing an order of guacamole and also the fried avocado fries.  For my entree I was having a hard time deciding between the chicken curry and the fish tacos but my mind was made up whenever my fiance ordered the fish tacos and I noticed a little fire symbol next to the curry naming it as very spicy.  The guacamole came out first and ended up tasting rather good.  It had a slight spice at the end that gave it more depth than your normal guacamole and tasted good on what seemed to me to be homemade tortilla chips.  Whenever we had finished with the guacamole the avocado fries came out with a Isleno sauce ( it seemed like a tropical marina?).  Even though the fries didn't have too much flavor to them I ended up enjoying the textural components of as the outside was crunchy while the avocado inside was soft.  Dipping them into the Isleno sauce helped to get them some extra flavor as well although it wasn't the best combination I have ever had.  Next up were our entrees and my Jamaican jerk curry came with coconut rice and pickled onions.  Wow, what a let down it was as my entree was very bland.  I literally could not detect even the tiniest bit of heat in my Jamaican jerk curry.  I guess my idea of Jamaican Jerk and Casa Rasta's is quite different as mine normally involves scotch bonnets or haberneros.  The pickled onions also seemed to lack the bite of being properly pickled which is a shame as I loved pickled vegetables.  Other than being bland my meal ended up being ok as everything was cooked nicely.  The curry sauce on the chicken kept it moist and it went well with the coconut rice.  My fiance was also nice enough to give me one of her fish tacos and after eating that I knew that I had chosen poorly on my entree as the beer battered fish was good.  As our table was coming close to finishing our meals the weather took a turn for the worse and we ended up heading inside to finish off our meals at the bar.  By this time there was only one empty table in the restaurant.  We eventually made it out of there but not before quite a bit of a wait for our checks and then again while paying them.  As a matter of a fact the service the whole night was pretty slow and blasé.  It seemed to take entirely too long to get our meals ordered and the food to come out in addition to the fact that my water glass was empty from before we finished our appetizers to the end of the meal.
 
The bottom line for me is that I might head back to Casa Rasta in the future.  While the service was not very good the food had some potential but I would love to see my dish have some heat especially it is marked as very spicy.