1st time stopping by CR, oh boy was it a doozy.

to go ordered a gollo burro (pretty tasty) and a machaca taco also very tasty.

food came out in an 8'' x 4'' to go box, for some reason my immediate response was "um how can a burro&a taco be in one container?" most places will place them separately rather than in one container. ok so got in the car, opened container and was just underwhelmed by the portion size considering my bill was $10.13. on top of that, there was no cheese on the taco like there was supposed to! maybe that's why they were able to get it out so quickly, slap ingredients together roll it up package it and get it out without quality control before the customer receives it.

walked back in and asked if cheese was supposed to be in tacos, couple employees said yes but by that time I just had been shown enough I just said whatever and left. 

after returning home, ate the food and again it was tasty but just didn't feel like I received a good value commiserate to what I paid for. maybe I went off the deep end? who knows, but I called and asked to speak to a manager/supervisor to explain and offer my 1st impressions of CR. well that was a mistake, young lady got on the line and got pretty defensive instead of just listening and asking how things could improve and inviting me back for a second visit she just went off a little bit saying Americans are obese so it's a good thing their portions are not bigger, then saying they were not Garcias or other Mexican places around the valley how it's homemade etc. when I asked how old she was, said that was not relevant to the conversation I only asked because I could tell she just didn't have enough customer service experience to deal with the situation.

food is 3 1/2 stars service as noted above 2 stars. just a not so good 1st impression is all, I would consider going back as it's not far from me.

**oh and why can eat in diners get a free serving of chips, yet take out cannot? they even gave me salsa with my order. just seems like a place that has been around a long time so being objective and asking how could they improve just doesn't seem to happen.

***oh and btw your relatives places in Globe give bigger portions and are just as good if not better than CR, I will definitely give those places my business again.