Abuelo's has always been kind of a mixed bag.  

I really like the variety of salsas they provide with their chips, most notably, the green pineapple.  If they don't give it to you with your order of chips, I'm pretty sure you can still request it.

I'm a huge fan of their signature papas con chile and consider it an essential side for whatever you order.  It's a great deviation from the usual rice and beans you get at pretty much every sit-down Mexican restaurant in existence.  

As for the entrees themselves, I've had their chimichanga and found it to be acceptable.  I've also had their Del Rio, which is a combination platter that has an enchilada, taco, and tamale.  For some reason, none of them really seemed to pop flavor.  I requested a side of chili con queso, which I was told would cost extra.  It ended up being almost four dollars extra. Seriously?  It wasn't worth it, as I've had better elsewhere.

For dessert, the only thing we've ever had is their tres leches, which isn't the best I've ever had, but is decent enough by the standards of a chain.

They emphasize that all of their food is made from scratch and is completely fresh.  Some stuff?  Probably.  But virtually everything?  Eh. They're probably cutting some corners back there somewhere.

Servers here are really nice and well trained.  During one of our visits, the place was so insanely busy that it took forever to get our drinks, but the server was apologetic and took very good care of us.  

I'm not a big fan of the tablets at the table.  I don't even want to imagine the amount of germs built-up on these things.  I'm sure it makes things easier on the servers, as well as customers that don't want to wait around to pay their bill, but there's just something about the concept that declassifies the restaurant (a la Olive Garden), despite having very beautiful décor.

There's a few other things I want to try on their menu (namely their fajitas), so I'm sure we'll swing by here every once in awhile.

Go in with realistic expectations and you'll be fine.