Normally I'd say you can't go wrong with any kinda Mexican food. It's usually cheap, hearty and comforting. When it's elevated into a gourmet fine dining restaurant though; that's when things can either turn south or pan out eloquently like a Monet or maybe even a Frida Kahlo painting. Vida seems to be a hit or miss and just falls short in the execution of some dishes. 

While I haven't had any issues with service, I do have one major beef with their seemingly ridiculous approach to seating. My first visit was on a Saturday night around 9:00pm. Luckily I had reservations, otherwise I might have been turned away by, ahem the bouncer. No offense to the doorman himself - he's just doing his job....but a bouncer at a restaurant? Are you serious? *suspense* I understand this place is a little clubby, but this is a bit of overkill dontcha' think?  What's the point of having a bouncer when you have hostesses? *climax* Better yet, WTF is the point of having a bouncer at a restaurant - period? *explosion* Riddle me that? I'm guess I'm just glad I was on the list.....I think. 

Anywhoo, in two separate visits, I did have some issues with the food though. $24 for three (3) surf and turf tacos. Tender, medium rare beef and tiny bits of lobster. Okay it's lobster - I get it. But, at least make it worth my while. Tasty, but nothing that made me scream woohoo. The Pork Chops..Hmm I don't know how to describe them. I think distinctly non-Latin flavor works. 

On my second visit, I had the fish tacos. While they were okay, they too weren't anything spectacular that I would return for. For sides, I prefer the green rice over the red. Black Bean and plantain mash, eh just okay. I had a hard time getting over the look of it though.. hehe. The grilled corn; it's kinda hard to mess up corn, but that queso slathered on top almost ruined it. 

Vida isn't all bad though. The guac, another dish that isn't hard to mess up has a unanimous yummy consensus. Drinks are good; capraihina, mojitos and a decent beer selection. Not all of the tacos are overpriced, and I hear the carnitas is the thing to get. I also appreciate how the tacos are made in a traditional manner, corn tortillas, and prepared very simply with pico, cilantro and lime. 

Overall the food is just average. Service has always been good for me, with the exception of the bouncer. The overall ambiance is clubby, young, posh and hip. Not a place you'd take your mom, but a pretty rad spot to impress a hot date. Just make sure she chugs a few margaritas in case the food itself doesn't impress. Either way, a place worth checking out for yourself.