This noda staple has a lot of great features and plenty to offer in terms of variety, atmosphere, affordability, etc.  However, I think it may be getting a little played out and my most recent visit was not as impressive as times past.

On a side note, they have this new system where they text you when your table is ready so I thought that was pretty cool...

So, we had a party of 6 this past Friday and for the most part we were seated quickly, treated well and the waitress was very attentive.  I think their service is pretty good overall.

They start you off with a corn salsa in a dish that is so microscopic I could hardly fit my chip in there.  Trying to scoop straight up corn onto a corn chip is just annoying in my opinion.  If it was salsa, WITH corn, then maybe I could get on board but more corn ends up on the table than on your chip or in your mouth.  We ended up ordering some queso and that came out in the same itty bitty dish...but the queso was good.

I don't need to rehash all of the food, the fish tacos, the wraps/burritos, etc...I think everyone knows what they have at this point.  Everything we ordered was "good."  We ordered a couple specials for the night, mahi-mahi fish tacos, grilled shrimp tacos, etc.  Everything seemed fairly fresh but I will say that most of our dishes came out cold/lukewarm.  I ordered the grilled shrimp tacos and they were just a little dry.  It was like eating a piece of lukewarm shrimp wrapped in a piece of bread.  The other ingredients were barely there so it didn't add anything to the overall flavor of the taco.  The refried beans were a bit cold as well.

I know they are super busy so I can't expect perfection but I just think the quality of this place has decreased slightly since my first visit a couple years ago.  It is still an exciting, vibrant place to be and I still felt like I was cool because I was in noda with all the trendy, cool people...but I think the lack of competition in this area is what keeps this restaurant truly hopping.  It is unique but if you put up a couple more restaurants on N. Davidson I don't think Cabo would maintain their hype.  That's just my opinion.