First impression... Walking up to the restaurant I was knocked back with an incredible aroma emanating from the patio/front door. You could tell that this place was cooking with some serious spices and flavor. My olfactory senses got turgid and my salivary glands prematurely evacuated themselves. I told myself I wouldn't let this happen again - I'm not even inside yet! Well, I peaked early and only once. I walked inside to some tacky décor and very average service. Cue rugs on the wall, and tequila bottle vases with fake flowers....

At first I found it humorous that the table was given a stack of plastic cups and a pitcher of ice water. Sure it's efficient but far from classy. The chips and salsa were lackluster in my opinion, while also being tongue crippling. Odd combo, right? All of those smells I encountered walking in - I was beginning to taste. There was a watery green tomatillo salsa and a dark red, obviously strongly roasted hot red salsa. Usually a fan of things spicy, I was amazed at how hot I found this to be. I imagined how many patrons would be put off by such a strong table salsa without request. Nonetheless I was confused by why my mouth was on fire but I wasn't finding an enjoyable delicious taste. Something didn't match up right. I don't know if my taste bros were too injured from the heat to notice to amazing flavor, or if it simply wasn't there. Some could argue that chips & salsa is the best litmus test of a Mexican restaurant. I decided to stave off judgment until food came. I was excited to try my entrée. 

I ordered a #2 which was a chicken hard taco, a chicken and cheese enchilada + rice & beans. I instantly dove into the taco which was fantastic - truly one of the better and most simple tacos ever. The shell was thick and crunchy. It held together and provided a magnificent contrasting crunch and toasty flavor to the chicken which was definitely marinated and cooked nicely. All of the flavor came through and the marinade was warm but not overly hot. Off to a great start LDM! Beans and rice were good but not worth the trip. No bean choices were given and pinto were served. I realized quickly that this restaurant is a big fan of the Pinto bean. All plates on the table had some of these puppies perched somewhere or somehow. Not usually my bean of choice, but they were adequate. I recognized the dark roasted red color covering my enchilada. It was very similar to the table salsa that I already wasn't a massive fan of. I took a normal sized bite and after a few seconds delay quickly was requesting the pitcher of water be passed my way. I have no idea if there was really chicken or any other ingredients in the enchilada, because all I tasted was HOT. Same description as the chips and salsa: "Something didn't match up right. I don't know if my taste bros were too injured from the heat to notice to amazing flavor, or if it simply wasn't there."

Margaritas were ordered by some at the table, but not by myself. They looked like they were simply Mix + Tequila. Nothing award winning or notable, and certainly not deserving of a $10 price tag. I had the pleasure of seeing them before placing my non-order. I would definitely have been disappointed if I had received one. 

Stephanie D. already gave this place an incredibly accurate review - so I immediately trust her. I'll take her recommendations and when I re-visit I'll try out the Chile Relleno with Adovada or the Chile Plate with Machaca. As I said, I know this place is using some phenomenal flavors and I am determined to find what dishes highlight it best. LDM is one of the go-to restaurants for my friends in the 'Tuke so I'm sure to return.