Ah, it's OK.  Not the worst for me but not the greatest either.

Off the suggestion of the wifey who's office is less than a 10 minute drive away from Pepe's Tacos, we ended up going because her officemates eat here quite frequently.  Who knew this little unassuming eatery had a 'Best of Las Vegas' vote!  I was a bit suspect from the outside of things.  But once you go inside, it's a different story.  Place was surprisingly tidy!  Far from the shizzhole I was half-expecting to walk into.  You got me there, Pepe.

Get inside and you're hit with a flash of neon and the shine of aluminum siding.  Menus are smack dab in the middle of the restaurant, and wow does Pepe and crew love yellow & red!  Menus are all done up in this color scheme.  Does kinda make you get hungry!  

Looked over the menu and noticed that it's very similar to other Mexican eats around town.  More on the authentic side of things, less of the Taco Bell/Del Taco/Chipotle sort.  Which I don't mind at all.  If you see a bunch of Latinos eating here, then the place must have SOME sort of street cred.  All good in the hood I say, all good.

I really had it out for one of their 'Super' burritos, so I got one with carne asada.  Wifey was jonesin' for fish so she got the fried tilapia plate.  Kid was in the mood for fries so she got an order of carne asada fries, with guacamole on the side (kid hates guac ever since her incident at El Pollo Loco, but that's another story).  Is it me, or is it kinda rude to tell patrons they can't share a drink cup, and if folks are seen sharing it's an extra charge??  Yes, there is a sign for that.  I thought it strange but we bought TWO cups for drinks where I would normally just buy one so we can all share.  Save some money, right?  I shared a drink with my wife and for once my kid got her own drink.  Oh no, I shared!  Call the Care Bear police!  But really, it's my drink I can do what I want to.  I shared, and I didn't get charged extra.  But I did get a dirty look or two.  Gotta say though, mix equal parts of their pineapple drink with their hibiscus drink...refreshing!  Their horchata isn't bad either.

Food arrives after around 10 minutes which is OK in my book, so I know it's not fast food.  Helped myself to the salsa bar, and loaded up on pickled jalapenos & carrots, sliced radishes, and limes & cilantro as well.  I like color when I eat!

My carne asada 'Super' burrito was alright.  It included steak, beans, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and sour cream.  It was pretty good, but I found it somewhat lacking in heft like I'm used to.  Could have used more carne asada.  I should have opted for the combination burrito instead, which comes with meat, beans, rice, onions, cilantro, and salsa.  Would have saved me $1 too over the 'Super' burrito.  

Wifey said her fried tilapia plate was tasty.  Came with a nice sized full fried tilapia, rice, beans, lettuce, tomato, sour cream, and a side of flour or corn tortilla.  Fish was fried just right, not oily and not overcooked, very juicy.  Beans and rice were nothing out of the ordinary, but their fresh made tortillas were delicious.

Kid was happy with here HEAPING mound of carne asada over some fat French fries.  Fries were cooked well, not soggy, and covered with copious amounts of nacho cheese (oh yeah definitely from a can), steak, sour cream, and guacamole (on the side of course).  She liked them a lot, but got full after about half an order.  Leftovers!  Nothing like congealed blobs of meat & cheese over cold potatoes later.  #drunkeats

I wasn't overly impressed with Pepe's Tacos but I did enjoy the taste of their food.  For us, it was cooked fresh & right.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here for a burrito, but if I was in the neighborhood (oh man that would be rare) I would stop in for a bite to eat.  Or maybe a drink.  That I will share.

Arriba!