So I'm in Phoenix, really close to Mexico and I figure there shouldn't be a problem finding a great Mexican restaurant here.  Pull out the phone and open up the Yelp app and voila!  I find this little place.

I really love Mexican food.  Seriously.  My dream is to find a little Mexican girl with long jet black hair from the old country and all she does every night for me is cook Mexican food.  This is how much I love Mexican food.

So when I got here I decided to start with two tacos, pork and beef and I got myself some horchata.  Love me some horchata!  Took a little while, I was surprised as there was only one other couple in the place talking Spanish with the guy behind the counter.  When my tacos came, they're open-faced, a good sign towards authenticity.  Taste?  Not bad.  Not great, but not bad, about a 3.  In fact, I was a little surprised as ratings in this place seem to indicate the food is really outstanding here.  I check my Yelp app again to make sure I didn't order the wrong thing.  I read lots of people love the guacamole.

So after finishing my tacos, I decide to get the big nacho plate and make sure to ask for guacamole.  I notice the Spanish speaking couple ask for a free refill of horchata which I notice isn't indicated anywhere on the menu.  FREE refills?  Hmm, maybe they're not free but because the guy just gave a free refill to the other couple he's got no choice now.  I couldn't be sure to be honest but I asked for a free refill anyways and he was pretty accommodating.  

So my nacho plate comes out and?  It's terrible.  I mean really, really terrible.  Like a 1.  Why?  Because the chips are completely marketplace bought.  And they're not even good marketplace quality.  They're terrible.  A Mexican place that serves a nacho plate needs to make their own chips.  Seriously, if you're not going to do this, don't have nachos on the menu at all.  I was thoroughly disgusted and disappointed at this point.   But, the good news is the guacamole is pretty good.  

So overall just a 3, but a 3 that I wouldn't go back to.  Sorry Phoenix but y'all don't really know what great Mexican food is.  And you live so close to the border!  What's up with that?!