We met some friends for dinner there last night. The hostess was very accomodating and said that she could go ahead and seat us but we decided to wait for our other friends to arrive so we stopped by the bar.  The bartender was a little distracted, &  I didn't have a chance to order a beverage before our friends arrived.  But, no matter since we were seated immediately anyway.  

I would have to give our server 3 stars for service.  Maybe we just caught him on a bad night, but he was not attentive about our drinks and did not seem overly helpful when we had questions about specific items on the menu.  

Also, one member of our party asked if she could have onions left off a taco and he said absolutely not.  I know  that a lot of chef's are "offended" when patrons ask for changes to a dish, but it sort of leaves a bad taste in my mouth when restuarants are not willing to entertain any kind of special request.  After all, a place like this you would expect the food to be cooked to order...  so if someone wants their taco without onions, it should not present a huge problem. 

While there were a couple of stand-out  items, overall, I would have to rate the food just 3 stars for this visit. 

Of course, we started the evening with house-made tortilla chips served with a side of pickled veggies and fresh salsa. 

We also placed an order for Queso Fundido (imported Mexican cheeses melted with fresh herbs and chilies - $5 for a small, $7 for a large).  Without question, that is the best queso I have ever eaten. 5 stars for this dish alone - I would go back anytime just for that!  The queso fundido is served with a side of soft flour tortillas- which was perfect with a little of the vegetable mixture and a big scoop of queso. Yummo! 

I decided to order off the Authentic Mexican menu rather than the TexMex menu.  There were several items I really wanted to try, but our waiter said the Tacos Dorados were his favorite, so I decided to go with that.  The Tacos Dorados are described as "Crispy shrimp, crab and scallion tacos. Topped with Mexican crema, cabbage, and Valentina hot sauce. Served with Mexican vegetable rice and black beans D-$12".  

First off, the mexican vegetable rice & black beans were absolutely DELICIOUS. I am a huge fan of black beans and theirs were seasoned perfectly.  

However, sadly I was less thrilled with the actual main dish.  The taco shells were fabulous - obviously freshly made in house and appeared to be deep fried after the shrimp & crab mixture was put in.  The shrimp-crab mix had a pretty good flavor but was a bit on the dry side.  The real problem for me was that the Mexican Crema and Valentina Hot Sauce was Missing In Action - there was a little on top of the entree but not enough to enjoy on each taco.  I think the dish would have greatly been improved if these 2 elements were more abundant. The mixture on the inside seemed to lack any cheese, so the crema was really needed to give it that extra flavor and texture.  I also like things on the spicy side and it seems our chef either forgot the spicy sauce or thought we couldn't handle it - so I had to use the salsa that came with our chips along with the stuff out of the bottle to give it a little kick. 

One of my friends ordered the Cantina Chimichanga (described as a Crispy burrito filled with a choice of chicken or steak, black beans, pico de gallo, Mexican vegetable rice and mixed cheeses. Topped with Ranchero and Chile con queso sauce. Choice of grilled vegetables or rice and beans $12).  This turned out to be a gigantic burrito! Better bring your appetite if you're planning to order this one (or you'll have one big doggy bag!) 
 
But, all-in-all, I would like to go back and try some of the other menu items...and I will definitely go back just for that fabulous Queso!!