I like Jose Andres, Chinese food and Mexican food.  Put them all together you'd get something spectacular, right?  Well, at least that's I hoped for.

The service at China Poblano was good.  I loved the interior.  Images of Mao, Frida Kahlo, the Dalai Lama, etc. projected on screen on the walls - nice touch.

I had the Jasmine Downy Pearls tea and it was amazing.  It was fragrant and it tasted good.  It was a neat idea that they give you a timer so you get to enjoy the perfect tea whether you like it mild, medium or strong.  We ordered a bun of different things from the menu:

Golden Pigs:
4 fried BBQ pork buns with a side of condensed milk.  Dipping pork buns on condensed milk might seem pretty odd but it works.  Sweet and savory just go well together.  5/5

Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich:
A braised pork sandwich.  The bread tastes just like biscuits but the filling's saaaalty. If you look at the menu, you'll see "Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich" in a box which will make you think that's their specialty.  Honestly, I hated it. 1/5

Tacos (Carnitas, Langosta, Viva China, Pescado Frito):
The Carnitas came with pork rinds on top but the pork in the taco was dripping in oil.  Just let the oil drip off your taco and you're all set. Great taco variety. 4/5

When Pigs Fly:
4 steamed BBQ pork buns. Yep, that's all I can say about that.  Nothing special. 3/5

Lucky Six Siu Mai:
2 scallop siu mai, 2 beef siu mai and 2 traditional siu mai topped with itty bitty pieces of gold leaf. 3/5

Papas Fritas with Mole:
I wanted fries with my sandwich.  I had to pick between mole and XO sauce.  Fries + XO sauce just doesn't seem appetizing so I went with mole.  The mole was overpowering.  There was a scant amount of Mexican cream and queso fresco.  I can usually finish an order of fries but not this one. 2/5

Queso Fundido with Chorizo:
Again, nothing special. 3/5

Mango Sticky Rice:
This was the best thing on the menu.  Instead of using sticky rice, they used puffed rice so you get that nice crunch with a nice creamy coconut sauce and semi-sweet mangoes. 5/5

Chocolate Terra Cotta Warriors:
The name "WARRIORS" is misleading because you only get one warrior made of chocolate filled with chocolate mousse on top of cookie crumbs and ginger ice cream.  It looks like something just died on my plate complete with dirt and flowers.  The presentation was just too funny but this chocoholic wasn't 100% pleased with the taste but the creativity was there. 4/5

Cajeta Flan:
A flan made with goat's milk served with salted caramel ice cream and pineapple chunks.  The flan was mild and the salted caramel ice cream was just lovely. 4/5

So why 3 stars?  For the amount and type of food you get vs. the price, not worth it.  It's like they grabbed the queso fundido from Viva Zapatas, steamed BBQ pork buns and siu mai from Spring Mountain, fish tacos from Rubio's for like $3 each and decided to serve it to you for double or triple the price.  Part of what makes Chinese and Mexican food great is that they're inexpensive.