Based on Yelp reviews and general hype, made reservations for 3 for my buddies and I as we were meeting in Scottsdale for 4 days of golf.

The place was crowded (good) and atmosphere was great.  The right noise/activity level though quite a bit of the clientele were older (60+) semi-snobby acting loud-talkers.  I imagine it's a popular spot for tourists as well (though not during that VERY slow week in town).  The small bar area was much better and offered us the opportunity to wince as we watched an incredibly beautiful woman try to get away from what was clearly an online-dating nightmare...very entertaining and a study in body language for sure! Aaaayway...

As the hostess started to lead us into the dining room, we noticed that all of the 4-tops were quite small.  That-is, small for 4 guys 6'2" - 6'5" and 210 - 250 lbs.  We looked one another and made the obvious point...we would be packed next to each other.  We instead opted for the long high-top bar table and it was perfect for us.

Server (Meghan?) was excellent.  Cute little gal who did a great job explaining things and checking-in regularly.  Of course, we're hard to miss there in the center of the bar area.

Food - Quality was excellent.  Nicely presented but waaaaay to much emphasis on making it feel "haute-ish".  Latin dishes done very well but be prepared for excessively small portions.  They must run a fantastic food cost here.  Porchetta with house-made Chorizo (no more than 4 ounces) and a puny bowl/ramekin of pureed white beans and crema of some sort (maybe 1/2 cup)...$28.00!  Of course, nicely decorated plate and again, excellent quality and flavor profile.  But come-on, it's Porchetta and Chorizo for cryin out loud.   Also ordered their side of house-made tortillas - Four or five 3" round little tortillas served on a big heated salt rock...$8!  Now THAT was funny...or not.

So - Good food, done well.  BUT I won't go back based only on the silly portion sizes for the money and trust me, I almost never gripe about the price as long as the quality is there.  

Would definitely go back for drinks or a $7 Stella (yeah, I know) and maybe find that amazingly beautiful woman trapped by her stalker-date! (alas...sigh).