Being a Texas girl I have some lofty expectations for my Mexican food and I left a bit underwhelmed by my tacos.  If that's all I had they'd have two stars, but other things made up for it.

The location is in a great spot downtown for tourists and locals alike.  The interior is spacious and open.  The bar is large and stocked with great options for tequila and such.  I started with the blood orange margarita.  It was sweet and refreshing, but a bit too sugary to have more than two.  I changed over to a Sangria swirl frozen margarita and it was a pleasant change to a more bitter drink.  It's not on the menu, so you'll have to ask for one. *PS - you can also get Sangria by the glass which is not on the menu as well.  

The bartenders were also very polite and attentive!  However I feel it's unprofessional to be talking with your friends who stop by to say hi about how wasted you got the weekend before and how you gave someone a 50 instead of a 20 cause you were just to f'd up  - really can't you save that for the conversation you are going to have in a few hours when you're off work?  Just sayin'!

A tell tell sign for me if a place is worth it at all is the chips and salsa.  This place actually did a really good job with this!  The chips were crunchy, non greasy, not too thick, not too thin.  The salsa was just the right spice level with chunks of tomato and onion.  I also got the guacamole and it was spot on with pieces of avocados, white onion, jalapeños, cilantro, diced tomatoes and lime juice.   So yummy.

I'm a vegetarian so I always seek out something on the menu that suitable and the Veggie tacos sounded awesome.  But they were below par to me.  The menu states they have "grilled Portobello mushrooms, zucchini, onions, fresh avocado, goat cheese and pico de gallo", but mine had not a hint of a Portobello and only a few white mushrooms and if there was any goat cheese it was so minimal it went unnoticed.  They were also very greasy.  I would not get them again.
Would I go here for margaritas and that guacamole again - you bet!  But I'd have to try some other veggie food dish for sure