I've been here about three times. Some things are good, some things suck. For example, this place claims to be the Home of the Original Margarita (apparently created in 1941).  Just goes to show that time can improve upon almost anything... because their margaritas suck!  They are super sour and not much tequila.  I also hate mai tais from Trader Vics.  Original does not mean good, people!

But the food here is actually pretty unique if you are adventurous.  It is high quality food and the price reflects that (e.g. $4 per taco, which are small street tacos).  

You can get bone marrow tacos (which I actually would not recommend), beef cheek tacos (which I do recommend if you like gamey flavors) and tongue tacos (gotta try everything at least once - and not too bad!).  Just keep in mind, the portion sizes are seriously small and they charge extra for things you normally wouldn't expect, like getting diced tomatoes and lettuce on your tacos.  I mean seriously, 50 cents for lettuce on my tacos!?! That better be some seriously good, mind-blowing lettuce.

Just make sure to ask a lot of questions about portion size and presentation before ordering so you aren't surprised or disappointed.  For example, as other reviewers have said, the nachos are basically individual chips with the nacho toppings expertly placed on them.  Not the typical huge plate of tortilla chips covered in toppings that we normally associate with bar food.

One thing that is great about this place is the mariachi band.  They are hilarious!  One of them has a harp!  They play a great variety of songs and occasionally call for audience participation, which can score you free drinks.  My friend and I were the loudest at yelling "TEQUILA!" during the Tequila song which scored us free tequila shots.

Also, the chips and salsa are free and are both pretty good! Despite the fact that the chips come out of what appears to be a popcorn machine.

Keep an open mind, stay away from the margaritas, be prepared to shell out a bit more than you normally would, and make sure you come here when the mariachi band is playing (call ahead).  Then you will have a good time!