My family recently dined here, on our last night of our Vegas family trip for the holiday. We ate practically every meal in the Cosmopolitan (where we were staying) and we were SO pleased with every restaurant we had dined at. Our expectations were high for this one, and we wanted our last night's meal to be special. Alas, it was not.

The restaurant décor was cool, and our waiter was great. After having an amazing meal at Jaleo the night prior, we were really into the "tapas-style" of dining, where you get to sample lots of dishes. We were excited to try this Asian-Mexican fusion menu! The first few dishes we ordered, the waiter told us they were out of them that night (ex. Aguachile de Cayo, which I really wanted to try) . So we started with the Beijing Glass noodle dish. The family liked this dish but I found it too spicy (I'm a wimp when it comes to spiciness, I freely admit it). The Happy Buddah Vegetable Spring Rolls were the typical fried spring rolls I've had a million times before. Good, but not unique or special in any way. The Palmitos was a strange "ensalada": I did not like this dish at all; it was so bitter and had an off after-taste. The kids weren't keen on it either, but hubby said it was ok and he ate it. The family ordered a few other dishes (I forget the names) that were WAY too spicy for me (and a bit too spicy for them as well). 

I hardly ate anything so I asked the waiter, what was the least spicy item on the menu, and I said I did like seafood and fish, and he recommended the Shrimp Mojo. OMG, it was crazy spicy for me, I got rather ill afterwards (I only had one shrimp, too, and I had to scrape off the black peppered sauce). The kids also said it was spicy but they were able to tolerate it ok. Even my hubby, who has a very high spice tolerance, admitted it was quite spicy. 

So either the chef this particular night was super-liberal with the peppers and spice and we just hit this restaurant on an off-night, or this place just serves really spicy food in general. Be forewarned.