Full review to be blogged:

With service efficient and gracious, one of many servers arrived with my first course - the two for $3 Happy Hour taco pairing of Nopal and Barrio Polo, plus a $4 addition entitled Champinon, huitlacoche, y cotija.  With the Nopal a downgraded version of the egg topped item on the standard menu served only at happy hour and featuring tender cactus with a bit of salt and pepper plus queso fresco atop a four inch corn tortilla I started with it expecting it to be the most mild and as anticipated, it was quite bland.  Moving next to better options, the Barrio polo featured the same warm and tender tortilla topped with chicken, onions, green chilis, and hefty cream sauce plus Oaxaca cheese while the corn smut iteration proved to be by far the most complex and balanced of the trio, the woodsy mushrooms and aromatic shallots heavily perfumed by the huitlacoche.  All in all a good start, but certainly not the best I've tasted and skewed far to the left in terms of cost/quality.

Curious as to how the pork at BQ stands up to others in the valley I next opted for the carnitas appetizer but was instead served a carnitas taco - cheaper at $3 compared to $9, but not what I'd asked for.  Not really wanting to make a fuss and figuring I could save the stomach capacity this was another decent taco - fatty pork with ample notes of marjoram, thyme, and garlic served with a light accompaniment of onions and cilantro...2 good bites, but nothing to write home about, especially when compared to what arrived with it.

Presented along with the carnitas, the "El Rey Vasito de Elote" is apparently a signature dish and as much as one may find it hard to see corn as a signature, this is pretty darn good.  Described on the menu as sweet grilled corn in a cup topped with butter, mayo, aged cotija cheese, tapatio salsa, cilantro & lime at a cost of $5 what made the dish really shine was mostly the corn and the cotija - sweet, savory, and smoky at once with just a bit of acid to meld all the flavors.  Served solo and meant to share this dish is also offered over fries, but for my money it was best taken by the spoonful alongside other plates or wrapped in a warm tortilla, free on request.

For my final round of savories I went with one of the weekend specials and an order from the 'masa' section of the menu and having expected more small plates I certainly got more than I'd expected from both.  Beginning first with the later, a dish called Tlacoyos arrived with three mashed corn fritters topped with smoky chicken, black beans, salsa verde, oregano, pickled onions, cotija cheese and lightly sweetened cream.  Having expected something more akin to a traditional corn fritter form the $9 plate what I really liked about this open-face interpretation was once again the balance - a composition of flavors and textures akin to the Elote but tilted further to the savory yet finishing with light sweetness imparted by the cream.

Moving to the biggest dish of the night the tripe and hominy soup entitled 'menudo' arrived in an enormous bowl and at a cost of $5 it was simply outstanding.  Featuring a rich tomato stock rife with offal, bones, tender hominy, and myriad spices plus a quartet of onions, cilantro, lime, and pimento pepper with which I was free to further season as I like this was a portion easily big enough for two but so good that those who love tripe should probably just order one of their own.

Still with two and a half hours before dinner at this point my server again stopped by and after perusing the dessert menu I decided to end the meal with another duet, one a must order anywhere I see it and the other a must order at any Mexican restaurant but at $6 a piece I should have probably just ordered a margarita, entrée, or another half-gallon of menudo instead.

Beginning first with the rice pudding - a small bowl of relatively standard white rice with hints of cinnamon and orange subsequently dotted with golden raisins and curls of cinnamon plus, reportedly, "Vanilla Kahlua sauce" it would be hard to find a less flavorful dish containing such ingredients and with the rice cold and clumpy all I could do was wonder if I'd received the previous night's leftovers - a suspicion more or less confirmed when I tried the three milk cake, a dense and dry pound cake parfait made palatable only by the berries and most certainly not by the cream I can only guess came from a ready-whip can.  As a further note, where both dishes were advertised to contain nuts - specifically pecans, none were detected in either.

Not one to complain except in the setting of egregious service or truly disastrous food I sat for a while with desserts unfinished watching the game still pondering how I'd spent so much on so little that impressed.  Best new restaurant?  Um - sure - for corn and tripe.