Due to a recent incident at this restaurant, it was difficult to give an unbiased overview since I personally will not be patronizing this spot any more. But here's a quick breakdown:
Food quality: A
Creativity: B+/A-, yes it's a knockoff of Chipotle but the food is amazing and the executive chef's new handmade, preservative-free sauces are phenomenal.
Cleanliness/quality of premises: A
Service/quality of staff (minus the owner): A

 I like the premise of this place: keep it simple, use a presentation that people are used to but with an island flair. And it works. There set-up is a lot like Chipotle: pick what style of food you want, choose your meats or opt for vegetarian and then pick your sides. And I must say, their Huli Huli Chicken and their steak are good and their Kalua Pig is amazing. And, as mentioned above, their Exec. Chef, I forgot his name, makes great/creative sauces regularly and there's a new one all the time. 
            I was definitely a fan of this spot and promoted it to everybody I knew. 
What changed? In short: the owner and his attitude/passive-aggressive demeanor. What happened: Myself, my gf and my brother went for dinner one night because I had been there 3 times prior and really wanted them to try it. We get there, order and everything is cool. Now, nearly every time I had come here, the sauce situation was different. The first two trips: they had like one sauce per table (a Pik-a-Pepper sauce I think) and the third time is when they rolled out these handmade creations. And each table seemed to have one of each of the handmade sauces. This particular time, none of the tables around us had any sauces on them. Since the sauces were like 40% of why I wanted to come back again, I looked around and noticed a rack with several bottles of each sauce. I figured: hey, they switch it up each time...maybe they put them on this one rack so they have to waste ingredients making a bottle of each sauce for each table. So I go and grab them for our table. Cool. A minute later, another customer in the same predicament went to grab sauces and was informed that those bottles on the rack were for sale and that there are bottles floating around that say "Table" on them for customer use. Of course, I and my group felt bad. But right after, the guy come over to the table and before he said anything, we said "We just heard you tell them and we're so sorry...we'll pay for them. It's not a big deal, they're worth whatever the cost." His response: "So the wasn't big enough huh?" We apologized again as he was walking away. He came right back with a purple sharpie to right "Table" on our bottles, overtly suggesting that now he can't sell these and he has to use them for other customer. We apologized again and he said, with an obviously forced smile, "Don't worry. I'm the owner, it's my place. I just want my customers to be happy." We replied, "Are you sure, man?" He says, "Whatever makes you happy." I had been apologetic up to this point, but now knowing that he was manager kind of ticked me off. He left again, and then we looked at this sign...I kid you not...that sign was in like 10 pt font....we were the closest table to the rack and couldn't read it from our table. (Which btw, is not only bad for avoiding people misusing the bottles but also is a bad way to promote that your sauces are for sale). As we were finishing up, he comes back again with a new sign, still in 10 pt font, and put the sign ON TOP of the bottles, so nobody can grab them without seeing it. 
Seriously dude? We messed up, that was admitted and we were willing and able to pay for it so as not to cheat an up-and-coming business but your attitude and demeanor, for being the owner, makes us not only never want to come back but to warn the folks t o which we previously promoted your biz. If it was an employee that was rude, fine, I'd excuse it but I cannot bring myself to support a place when the owner was directly rude. Here's how it should have went down, even if we didn't offer to pay for them, you eat the cost of those bottles ($21), be cool about it since it was a genuine mistake, wait til we leave and then make whatever changes you need to. Instead, you have to eat the cost of those bottles anyways, but your passive-aggressive manner has now lost my business and others' as well. Your staff was amazing and really does embody the laid back and friendly island spirit...but you on the other hand...need to learn how to embody the "Mahalo" vibe that you aim to promote.