There aren't a lot of places to eat at Lake Las Vegas so dinner was decided based on what was open. My boyfriend and I haven't had Mexican food in a while so during our stay at Westin Lake Las Vegas, we chose to eat at Sonrisa Grill. Heads up, the whole plaza where it's located is deserted! It was pretty creepy to park in an almost empty parking garage and walk through dark alleys and closed establishments. Since I watch too much Law & Order: SVU, I'm pretty paranoid when it comes to dark, desolate places. Anyway, we were pretty lost so we tried to listen for loud music or people laughing/talking just to find this place. 

We saw bright lights and people drinking margaritas and Coronas at the patio so I knew we finally arrived-- Hallelujah! A host helped us find a table outside right away but it took a while for a server to notice us. We didn't mind though because we needed more time to look over the menu anyway. When the server finally came, we checked in on Yelp, showed her our phones and ordered the free house margaritas. She came back with the drinks, took our dinner orders and another server brought us free (first round only) chips & salsa and waters.

Food came out pretty fast. I ordered the Shredded Beef Chimichanga and it came with beans, rice, lettuce, guacamole and sour cream. My boyfriend ordered the Carne Asada Burrito and it came with beans and rice. Both dishes were super delicious and we loved pairing them with the chips and margaritas. 

Now here's why I rate this place 3 stars: First off, there were no utensils given until I flagged someone down and asked. Not a big deal, of course, but still an unnecessary flaw. Then my boyfriend had a question about a certain dish. The server, unsure of what to say, grabbed his menu and just read the description to him. He didn't need help reading it.. he just needed more info about it. She called another server and he then explained the food to us in detail. Maybe she was new so we let it slide. 

Then, 20 or so minutes into our meal, she told us that since she didn't tell the bartender about the Yelp check-in special and he prepared us bigger versions of what was supposed to be given, she had to charge us $16 for the two margaritas. Ummmm, how about NO WAY! We showed you our Yelp app on our phone & you clicked 'Use it Now!' on the redeem offer page. It's not our fault you ordered the wrong drinks to the bartender. We told her we were not going to pay for the drinks and wanted to speak to her manager. She came back a few minutes later, apologized and said her manager is taking them off our bill. Well, yeah obviously, that's only proper! 

Final thoughts-- the food was good but the lackluster service was quite disappointing. Always bring utensils to your guests, have all servers know the menu items and don't put deals on any social media if not all servers are aware of it.