My husband and I stayed at New York New York and I had a craving for Mexican Food so this is the first place we ate at in Vegas. I ordered the carnitas tacos and he had enchiladas. I for one loved the food. My tacos were served with big portions of salsa, guacamole, and sour cream on the side for me to put on my tacos. The rice and beans were good too. My husband said he also enjoyed his enchiladas. The prices were comparable to portions that you get which was also nice to find in Vegas. Our waiter was also attentive and checked on us often throughout the meal. Then something happened, he just brought us the check without offering dessert which we wanted and we had to let him know. He seemed annoyed by that for some reason. For dessert I ordered flan any my husband ordered the fried icecream and we both really enjoyed the dessert. The flan was made from scratch instead of coming from a box which you do get in alot of Mexican restaurants. I love flan and I consider myself somewhat of an expert. LOL. Then our waiter disappears and we end up waiting forever for the check which is one of my pet peeves when I go to restaurant. He was so quick to bring it before no he is nowhere to be found. Then he finally brings us the check some 15minutes later and we stick our card in there and then again he pulls his disappearing act. It was at least another 15 minutes that went by making paying for our a meal a 30 minute ordeal, then he reappears again and he is socializing with his co-workers instead of collecting the check. The quickest way to piss me off in a hurry is to keep to me waiting too long for something that should not take long in the first place. Our food was settled and we were hungry by the time he decided to grace us with his presence. I was amazed at how quick he changed after the dessert incident. He went from being a great server to being a real jerk and for that I deduct two stars. This could have easily been a 5 star experience had our waiter not been bi-polar. I still recommend the place for their food but maybe you should make sure they know you want dessert in advance.