I have to admit that I had high hopes for this place. The restaurant itself is really dark inside, really dark. So we opted to eat out on the patio, which was a huge step forward in the atmosphere factor. Gorgeous water feature, great patio lighting, and nice candle lit tables. We started off with their chips and duo of salsas, which i have to admit, was very disappointing seeing that they were $2.99, where as I have had much better at places that offered them for free. Both the tomato and tomatillo salsas were just "ehh."  After that I ordered the lobster enchiladas and my wife ordered the NY carne asada, only to be later informed that they were out of the lobster enchiladas. A HUGE pet peeve of mine, especially having worked as a chef for 10 years, is when a kitchen is out of something, and the front of house isn't made aware of it at the beginning of service. I digress, so I then opted for the enchilada trio of crab and filet enchiladas and the green chile mac to share. The filet enchilada and the asparagus it was served with was delicious, but twice in the crab enchiladas I bit into crab shell shards. Now I understand that crab more than likely is ordered pre-picked and cooked, not a problem. But any respectable cook should know to pick through it once over before using it to avoid situations like this. The sauces used were excellent, especially the cascabel chile sauce. The NY carne asada that my wife ordered was amazing! Beautiful crusty char on the outside, nice medium rare in the middle, simply amazing. For me,  however, the star of the night was the green chile mac. Now looks can certainly be deceiving because when it came out it looked like Kraft deluxe mac and cheese. Boy was I wrong. Creamy, not to rich, great flavor with the roasted chiles and corn tossed in, serious mac and cheese for the mac and cheese lover. I reiterate, the STAR OF THE NIGHT! Would I give Carlsbad another shot? Yeah, I like to give restaurants 2 tries before ruling them out, and they did nothing to make me cut them off completely. For the most part, food was good and the service was standard.