I was up in N. Scottsdale today which is quite a trek from the far SE valley, however, I had to run an errand and always look forward to having an excuse to get out of Gilbert.  I've dined at the San Tan Village location which is fairly new and I wasn't overly impressed, but I really enjoyed frequenting this location when I lived and worked in this area from 1999-2002.

Anyway, someone else mentioned that the patio is now enclosed which I did not notice.  We were escorted to a booth in the back of the restaurant near the bar area.  I couldn't help but notice the five BMW's and three Escalades lined up in the parking lot....Toto, I guess we're not in Kansas anymore!  Not that the SE valley is "the hood" but it's certainly a different demographic.  So, I digress....I do like the atmosphere at this Arriba as it feels more festive and somewhat livelier than similar restaurants.  And, I LOVE the picture menu and the chips/salsas/bean dip seriously rocks!

As I've stated in many of my previous reviews, I'm extremely price conscious (kindof nazi-ish) since my disposable income has been reduced by about 60% in the last year.  So, I immediately notice that the prices are really HIGH for your "run of the mill" mexican fare.  Since it's Sunday, there are no lunch specials and almost everything (with the exception of appetizers) is at least $10 or more.  I opt for the Chicken Tostada (see pics) with rice and charro beans.  At $8.59 it's a fair price and was surprisingly really tasty and filling.  My dining companion is more in the mood for a snack, so he orders the Mini Beef Chimis with jalepeno (I think) cream cheese and sour cream.  Here is where I really  need to rant.  THEY CHARGED AN EXTRA $1.99 FOR A TINY SCOOP OF SOUR CREAM - WTH?.  Yes, I know that I sound like a cheap a**, however, the waiter asked if he wanted sour cream and completely made it sound like it was included in the price.  SCAM!!!  It came right off his tip, I'm sorry to say.  

It's not like I'm going to miss $2, it's just the basic principle that some restaurants are trying to make an extra buck....it did not change the fact that I enjoyed my meal, but I will always remember Arriba for being so freakin' cheap.   And now, I'm having a flashback to another dining experience at the San Tan location where I was charged $16.99 for a "double" margarita.  Anyway, I am looking forward to the day when price won't be such an issue, but for the time being I will continue to really dislike getting ripped off!