I stopped by for dinner this past Friday at 8pm.  We had a reservation for 7 people, we arrived on time and were ready to enjoy our first time at this restaurant. 

The place had a good number of customers but was not packed.  The food was great! I cannot rave enough about the food  The only reason I am giving this place 3 stars is because of the horrible service.  

When we arrived our waiter was nice and polite, though this quickly changed as our meal progressed.  Our waiter (gentleman with a pony tail) was visibly upset as 3 of us wanted to try the tasting menu while the other 4 ladies chose to order separate dishes.  We understood his initial issue, he was concerned about the fact that the tasting menu is composed of 14 items and are served progressively.  He clarified that the ladies order the tasting menu would finish eating last and the others would be stuck watching us eat.  The thing is, these ladies did not mind it at all, they encouraged us to order the tasting menu, they themselves could not order it as it includes seafood and they do not enjoy it. There was also a bit of a confusion as the waiter took a couple of the orders wrong, the ladies asked for "carnitas taco" and they brought out "cochinita pibil."  They brought it out twice even though we clarified that they did not want cochinita, they wanted carnitas.  The waiter's attitude was horrible, it was simply not needed and very unexpected for a Jose Andres restaurant.  The rest of the wait staff was great, very friendly.  I must add that though there were 7 of us, we made sure to make it easier on the waiter by paying in cash and not making a fuss over anything. 

Now to the food....it was AMAZING!!!!! 14 delectable dishes!! the steamed bun was one of my favorites, as was the dumpling.  The hearts of palm salad had a bit of a tang, that dressing was like crack! I also tried my friend's salad, the meat on that salad was sooooo tender! It was like biting into a cloud! I want it right now!!!  My least favorite dishes were the soup and the carnitas taco.  The soup was too fishy for my taste, I drowned it in chilli paste and it made it so much better.  As for the taco, there was no novelty in that dish.  The only thing about the taco that stood out was the chicharron, it was light and crispy, but besides that, I am totally ok paying less at my local mexican market.

I hope management takes my review into account when training the staff.  The horrible service made a dent into what could have easily been our best dining experience in Vegas.