We almost always eat here when we are attending an event at the Mandalay Bay Event Center. 

The food is generally delicious no matter what you try.  The complimentary chips and salsa are great.  We also ordered the Baja Ceviche and the Queso Fundido as our starters   The Ceviche is outstanding and quite large. You could definitely order this as your entrée.  The Queso Fundido, which is a cheese dip with shredded beef, was also really good.  Surprisingly, it was not as greasy as I expected it to be which was a total plus! 

I had the Sautéed Shrimp and Scallops.  The scallops were perfectly cooked and had an excellent texture.  They were not at all rubbery.  The broth that the scallops and shrimp were in was very good and the added rice completed the plate.  My husband always orders the Chicken Mole Verde and he loves the Peruvian corn that accompanies it.  

I was very underwhelmed by dessert which is my favorite course. We ordered the Pineapple Upside Down Cake which was dry and the Banana Cream Pie.  The Banana Cream Pie was highly recommended by our waiter which was shocking because it was completely tasteless.

The service at Border Grill can be hit or miss and the service last night was definitely a miss.  At the bar, I ordered a Sangria Margarita.  This drink is so good, but I order it with sugar on the rim in lieu of salt (salted rims are really gross to me).  The drink came with the a salted rim.  I am not one to send something back so I just wiped the salt off and moved along.  At the table the second drink I ordered was also incorrect.  Our waiter kind of lacked personality. I asked him if he knew where their new 2nd Las Vegas location was opening. He explained he "wasn't moving there so he didn't know." and seemed visibly annoyed when I asked him if he could ask another server for me. Then he never answered the question. 

Despite this review, based solely on my experience last night, I would still recommend this spot.  We've had better meals here on other nights and I will definitely update my review the next time we go.