Ok...I have been here 2 nights in a row. 

First Night: 
I thought it was great! The service was awesome and the food was great. We got the carna asada plate, guac, and shrimp ceviche. Ok...the ceviche wasn't all that great. It was very small and hardly any shrimp. I like mine to be a little more zesty but this was on the more tiny bit tart. I like the tast of lemon n lime in my ceviche so I guess it really depends on your taste. The chip and salsa that they give you is yummy. I really like their chips!! thick and not too salty. 

Second Night:
Ok...we ordered the Chicken Tostada salad and Baja Hamburger. The Salad was very plain and didn't even come in a tostada bowl (am I the only one that expects it in a bowl?). ANyways, I expected it to come in a bowl and instead, there were just 2 giant tostada chips in the salad. The sauce was whatevers and hardly any corn or the other veggies mentioned from the menu. We first thought the corn was missing but when we dug dip enough, we found few...I mean FEW corn peices on the bottom. Very sad.  On to the Baja hamburger. It had bacon, ham, and avocado. It wasn't as beautiful as in the picture and it was overly salty. I guess the avocado is there to help with the saltiness but the ham was way too salty. Also, one of the workers kept dropping things. I saw him spill dressing all over a table as he was delivering food. And he also dropped plates too. Poor guy. However, our waiter never showed up to us to ask if we needed anything the whole night. I mean, the place is pretty small and he passed us by every time he had to serve another table. Didn't like that waiter.

Also, I was irritated by some loser trying to pick up on a girl at the bar.  He kept trying to make the conversation flow and asking for high fives. High fives really? ugh...it was really pathetic. She turned her body and was talking to the bartender and tried really hard to put her head in another direction or just looking down her cup. 

The music was whatevers too. I don't like loud music in my ears. I gave it a 3 since the first night was good but not so much the second night. Not bad to go at least once and check it out yourself.