Opening day: as a reviewing patron, I always feel a bit guilty to fault a restaurant for poor service or inconsistent food on such a tough day. It's ballsy for the operators of Barrio Queen (motto-"comida a toda madre") to take on the day after Christmas to open at this Scottsdale Waterfront location, most recently home to the long-suffering Metro Brasserie. Given this brashness, I opted to proceed with drafting the following first impression.

As a trial run, my partner and I decided to just order three tacos apiece. There are over 50 combinations of taco filings to choose from, with some ingredients (e.g., barbacoa, lengua (beef tongue)) available only on weekends. All meats and tortilla are made in-house, according to our waiter--impressive.

I opted for al pastor, nopal y chile verde (cactus and pork), and champiñon y huevo (mushroom and egg). The pastor was very tasty and tender, but the fresh pineapple chunks were a bit distracting: the fruit was definitely not roasted with the meat, as is typical for authentic pastor, and a little caramelization was all it needed. The cactus and veg were slightly pickled-tasting and delicious, though the chile verde a bit dry (my partner had a similar experience with his colorado). The mushrooms, sauteed with shallots and topped with a salt-and-pepper egg, were awesome. Despite the "street taco" sizing, I was satisfied with three as a heavy snack because the toppings were so generous. For this same reason, though, I gave up on trying to gingerly lift the dainty tortilla discs up to my mouth and pulled out the knife and fork.

As mentioned, first days are difficult, and to my chagrin, the tacos came out haphazardly over the course of about 35 minutes. After our meal, I had a hankering for something sweet, especially because the restaurant window and menu characterized BQ as part panaderia, I peeked in at the display counter next to the front door; alas, the shelves were mostly bare and looked more like a prep station than bakery display. Overall, I am excited by the storefront take-out window, though: it reminds me of the cafeterias you see in front of Cuban restaurants in Miami. Maybe it will be a go-to place for late night cafe con leche and croquetas. Here's to hoping.