This is an update to a previous review. The bar manager reached out to me on Facebook for the way we were treated and asked me to come down to speak directly with him. He  apologized profusely for the issues we experienced during that night. We did not receive any discount, however we never ate when we first came. I am not out to collect a discount or throw my weight around to get one. I am here to be honest and forthright. So, I do thank Stephen for taking his time to follow up with me. 

~Fud/Drink~
The food is pretty typical for a non traditional Mexican bar. The appetizers were nothing too special, they did taste good, that I can say. The cheese/salsa dip we ordered as an appetizer was pretty average, until you add the stellar Tomatillo salsa which it came with. They had crawfish/Shrimp taco specials for Mardis Gras, and I was surprised with the freshness of the tacos. They actually tasted good, so I was impressed...It was still gringo-esque food, but i got to hand it to them, the tacos tasted great considering I left full and satisfied. Looking over the menu, you can tell the place is set up for drinking, I mean come on.. its obvious. But if you get a taco plate it will be worth it, I am not sure of the quality of other dishes. If you want traditional and well cooked Mexican, there are so many places to go here in AZ its insane. But you come here to have some tasty Margs, a yummy taco plate or an app with friends. They have a full bar that pumps out a long lineup of drinks, they all sound good, I will have to try that next time. The drinks that came out tasted good, I didn't try any margaritas, I had to drive home.. Next time...

~Atmosphere/Service~
It is a pretty neat place to hang out after work. Violeta H. is spot on, this place is great for HH and after work. My fiance and I noted that it was just perfect with as far as the noise goes...not too loud, but not too soft. This is a perfect spot to cool down after a long day of work. Atmosphere was just right and I definitely felt better sitting down with a couple drinks in hand. The service was good, our server knew the menu well, and on queue recited all the specials going on that day for Mardis Gras. Our food and drinks came out quickly despite it being a busy Friday night. The service overall was outstanding, and much better than I could have possibly expected for a busy night.

~Extras/Rating~ 
First off, the overall experience is worthy of 3.5 stars, but we still do not have that option. To get rated 4 stars overall you have to have insanely good Mexican dishes that feel authentic. That's not the case here. Sandbar has a lot of competition in that department, so they are an average place to eat at. The food prices are also a tad bit high, which drives down the rating. Same for the drink prices, but HH is great and worth a visit. Stephen informed me of the changes they made to security, so we will see if they make a difference. I am confident they will help the customer experience, as they did a good job coming back from the experience I had previously. As of now, Sandbar is A-OK in my book and perfect for an after work relaxer. I would suggest you give them a try before it gets too late out, that's my final tip! Keep the drinks and the yummy tacos coming and I will be happy!