My restaurant experience this past Saturday (9-24-11) is summed up by the Fountains of Wayne song Halley's Waitress. 

"Halley's waitress
never comes around
She's hiding in the kitchen
She's nowhere to be found
I just want some coffee
Is that too much to ask?
Halley's waitress
is not up to the task.

And when she finally appears
It's like she's been away for years.
It's been so long,
So long.
Darling, don't you know
We miss you when you're gone?"

Substitute Halley's for Macayo's and Waitress with Lisa and it's uncanny.  

My grandparents took us out for lunch. We were promptly seated at a table with plates, chips, and salsa but no napkins or utensils.

Lisa greeted us and took our drink orders. A considerable amount of time passed (all of the chips and salsa had been happily consumed) before Lisa returned with our drinks. Ten more minutes passed and we were left with empty chips/salsa bowls. During that time, we networked with other servers in an attempt to acquire napkins, utensils, and more chips/salsa.  

Granted, we had a large party (eight adults, one kid, one toddler) and I can understand how busy working in the service field can be, but our drinks (which cost roughly $2.50 per drink) sat bone-dry for most of the time we were there. Even a pitcher of ice water at the table would have been helpful. 

I can forgive a lack of drinks, chips, and salsa but what truly irked me about our experience was when my grandfather's order was messed up.  The rest of us received our food (and ate it, for the most part, without any drinks) while my Grandfather, who would be footing the bill for his entire family, sat without any food, chips, salsa, or beverage and waited patiently for his order to be ready. Lisa even came back out a third time to verify his order. No one apologized to him, there was no offer to comp his meal - in fact, the incorrect order was still listed on the bill. 

Despite the way he was treated, my grandfather left a 20+ percent tip because that's just the kind of man he is - not because the service warranted it.

Aside from the recent one-star service, I can't pan the restaurant itself due to one bad experience. I've been there a few other times before and the service was excellent. (I wish I could remember the name of my prior server because he was top-notch.)  The food is traditional Mexican restaurant fare, but good. Their shredded beef tacos and cheese enchiladas are excellent. The Baja Burrito and Quesadilla are delicious too. I'd certainly recommend Macayo's restaurant, but if you sit down and your server's name is Lisa - head for the hills!