I had been looking forward to visiting this restaurant, especially since I won a gift certificate for this establishment. 

I arrived with 3 others, we requested to be seated and it took roughly around 15 minutes to seat us, reasonable for a Saturday night. First thing I noticed as we began to walk in was the music playing. A but loud for me. We were seated and our server, whose name was Juan as well, was very courteous, jovial and attentive. We placed our order of some drinks, apps and entrees.

Our drinks arrived in a timely fashion and were quite delicious. No holding back on the alcohol here my friends! Our apps arrived which consisted of some pork sopes. I was a bit disappointed when they arrived. The sopes were sitting in a pool of lard which made the tortilla of the sope extremely greasy. I understand traditional Mexican sopes are cooked in a small bit of lard for flavor and to crisp it up a bit but this was nothing like that. The seasoning on the meat was good but couldn't really enjoy them much. Our entrees arrived. I personally had the beer battered lobster tacos and had a carnitas taco. The carnitas taco was good but the meat was a bit too dry. Flavors were there but there was a big lack in moisture in the protein. Now for the lobster tacos. I had trouble with these tacos because they seemed to be double salted. As a culinary student it seemed as though the lobster had been cooked and salted prior to frying it, then salting the lobster again after frying. Not too satisfying to the palette. One if my friends had the Manchego Burger. It was ordered medium rare and arrived that way. It was described to be a very delicious and juicy burger. Ad we asked for the bill and prepared to pay, we noticed the music growing louder. This was another problem whole dining as we had to raise our voices to speak to each other comfortably. 

I believe this establishment is decent. I can't honestly say that I will raving about it but, I will say that everyone should at least try it out. Maybe your experience may be different than mine.