If it wasn't for an email from Local Arizona, this taco shop would've slipped through my fingers. Tempted by promises of a free taco and/or churro with every meal on this particular day, a so-called "grand opening" special, I trekked out to this quaint little spot weary of what I might find. From previous reviews, which confused me since I pondered how there could be a month or so of reviews when the grand opening is actually today, "gourmet tacos" find their way at a drive through at a steep price, I had to find out for myself though and so off we went to put our taste buds to the test.

The menu is confusing because you can get a single taco or a "flight." On the upper right corner of the menu, a small red box says, "Get a flight, and you get a tapa, chips and salsa, and a small drink!" That sounds excellent, but how many tacos come in a flight? One! One single taco comes in a flight. Spoiled by Taco Bell, you get 2 chalupas AND a beef taco with a meal. I was slightly disappointed by a single taco in the flight. You also have the choice of making that rolled taco into a burrito with the same ingredients, but hey, we didn't want to get too crazy with our order, so we just stuck with taco style.

Although the girl who took our order recommended chicken tacos, we ordered a flight of the steak tacos and a flight of the pork al pastor with pineapple tacos. Our hungry little appetites are seldom satiated by a single taco so we ordered 2 extra shrimp tacos and 1 extra steak taco. Since they were flights, we were able to order 1 tapa each, so we both got the flaky chicken empanadas. The empanadas had the correct flakiness and texture but were on the thinner side and came with spicy mayo. 

We really enjoyed our steak and pork tacos. From the reviews, I thought these would be street taco size, but I say they are slightly bigger. All tacos were overfilled with meat, the way I like my tacos to be! They are soft flour rolled tacos. Corn tortillas are by request. The taste of the tacos were really good. I expected less because of the drive through experience, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Today only, due to the grand opening special, they also offered a free churro with each meal and handed out free taco cards. 

When ordering here, I would get a steak or pork taco flight, choose the empanada as your tapa side, AND order an extra taco - preferably a shrimp one (to get the surf and turf effect)! Then, you would leave here satisfied and not hungry afterwards. If you have an extra hearty appetite then order 2 extra tacos, then you should be good. And extra FYI, the papas (fried seasoned potatoes) served with spicy mayo and the cilantro rice make good sides too if you wanted a little extra fillers. 

It's a fun little find. With free taco cards at hand, heck yeah, we will be back. I love tacos like crazy! Especially gourmet ones that are attainable by drive through! I mean, hey... there's just some days I'm too lazy to drive downtown, or the east side, to get my taco fix. Brushfire has lit my fire, but it's a small kindling flame at that. I want to know if it's the 'A' game today because it's their grand opening or if they're really that good usually because previous reviews say otherwise.