Nothing special here. Food and service are mediocre and it is WAY overpriced. The complimentary chips comes with two salsas (one red and one green) which are both really good. The first batch of chips that we got were perfectly crispy and delicious but the second batch tasted weird. Like the oil they cooked in it was old or burnt. I ordered the mango ginger margarita which was $12 and it was super yummy. But for $12 I would've liked more alcohol in it. It wasn't strong enough. My boyfriend ordered a modelo, $7 and the carnitas $20. The carnitas were crispy, cooked perfectly and delicious and came with an awesome habanero salsa. The habanero salsa comes in a tiny container, and if you want more, they charge $2.

So why only 3 stars? Because that's were the good ends. On to the bad. I ordered the Alambre tacos, $18. The plate comes with 3 tacos, rice and beans. The tacos weren't that good. They sounded like it would be amazing, but the bacon and cheese overpowered any other flavors and it just didn't taste right. I couldn't taste the poblano or steak at all because all I could taste was cheesy bacon. And $18 for 3 tacos? What was I thinking? The rice was gross. I'm a huge rice fan and I'm not picky, but the rice was so nasty. It tasted like rice that would be offered at a buffet or came from a box. It was also hard. My boyfriend took one bite and never touched it again, and I never leave rice on my plate, but I couldn't finish it. The black beans tasted like they came from a can. The tortillas weren't fresh and tasted microwaved. If I'm going to overpay for food, it better be fresh and delicious!

The service was spotty. We had to flag down people to ask for refills of everything, chips & salsa, water....Our waiter passed by our table a lot and saw that we were out of chips and my margarita was empty and never asked if we wanted more. We had to wait a while for our refills and bill also, which can be pretty annoying when you're just sitting there waiting...,,Overall? Not worth the money. Low quality, mediocre americanized food....Pass.