Blue Agave has a really cool ambiance. I loved the Mexican influenced artwork on the walls and the netted off area when you walk in with all the lights that made me wish it was warm enough to sit outside underneath it. 

The service, however, was not the best. Service wasn't prompt when we walked in.  We weren't sure if you seat yourself or not, as there is no sign, but eventually someone noticed us and sat us down. Throughout the meal our server was attentive, but lacked enthusiasm. 

We tried the guacamole as an appetizer. I'm a harsh critic when it comes to my favorite food item so this may be a little brutal. It was fresh, but lacked flavor. It tasted like a mushed up avacado. I added my lime from my margarita to it and some salt and then it was much better. I would never order that again. Also, their house salsa served with their chips seemed a little off to me. I kept tasting a smoke flavor that made me think they actually added liquid smoke to it. I like liquid smoke in my barbecue, but please keep it away from my salsa!

The Rio Grande margarita was okay. I really enjoyed it when I made sure to lick the salt first, but on it's own I thought it was a little too sweet. They have a special on their margaritas for $9.  I understand that they have a happy hour also with better deals that would be wise to check out.

Intrigued, I tried their Ultimate Chimmichanga that claimed to be the best of the valley at one point in time.  It was huge! The pork was flavorful and I enjoyed the little 'kick' I got from the heat of the chipolte and jalepeno sauce served on it. I would not say it was the best I've ever had, but it had potential. For $15 you should definitely think about splitting this entree.  The prices seemed a little high for Mexican food.  However, you need to keep in mind that the location in general has overpriced restaurants surrounding it. Also, it's right across the street from Whole Foods. Enough said.

I agree with some of the other reviews written, that this is not the go to place for Mexican food. I would try it again making sure I hit happy hour and the better deals during those time slots. They do have happy hour every day of the week, which makes it convenient for everyone. That is an ingenious idea.