I'll just get this out of the way:  the only reason I am giving less than 4 stars is because of the service.  The food, on the other hand, is incredible.  Dare I say Best.Guacamole.Ever.? Oh, it's definitely up there. 

We came in for lunch.  It was busy, but not "every table is seated" or "there's a wait" kind of busy.  It was...lively.  We were seated immediately, however we waited for OVER 10 minutes for anyone to even come up to our table.  We finally got a server's attention, and she really was sweet and apologetic. We ordered and she promised to get our order up on the fly.  From that point on, we must have had 4 different servers.  One took our order, one brought us our order and helped us put in another order of the guac to go, one brought our bill, and one broke my change.  It just started off all janky because we were sort of this orphan table, then we had several servers.  It just made for an uneven experience.

But the food! Whooooweee. I've never had guac like theirs before - chunks of orange, cojita cheese, tons of cilantro...the works.  They really nail it. My co-worker and I split the halibut tacos, cochinita tacos and chicken chilaquiles.  I would have been a bit happier to see a larger portion of fish in the taco, as all that came with it was a tiny piece.  But everything was cooked perfectly, spiced and seasoned perfectly and delicious.  The red salsa/sauce at the table had a great amount of kick.  The green was more mild but just as flavorful. Cochinita pork taco melted in your mouth, and the chilquiles with the fried egg on top (seriously, fried egg on anything is a win) were hearty but not heavy just loaded with amazing flavor. Loved them.

I am definitely willing to give them a shot to redeem the poor service.  I understand people have their off days.  And while better attention could be paid, it's cretainly not as if we were being purposely ignored. I wish I would have gotten our servers name who took our order - she brought this review back from 1-2 stars.