I'll never go back. Went here mid-afternoon (about 3-ish) so it wasn't crowded at all. There's pretty much nothing good I can say about this place except for the fact that the manager did come and apologize. 

First...our server (I think his name was Nathan) was either stoned or just incredibly inept at his job. It took (and yes I timed it) 20 minutes before we ordered AND that was AFTER I had to yell at him and wave him down to get his attention. He literally walked by our table 4 times and looked to the tables on his right to help them (it was one table with, what I believe to be, other Blanco employees including a hostess, eating) and never looked to his left (where we were sitting) to help us. I finally had to yell "Excuse me" 3 times to get his attention. He came over somewhat befuddled and I said "Can we order now?". This should never happen...especially when it's not busy. 

Next was the $9 guacamole "Blanco special" appetizer. Supposedly it has all these yummy ingredients and is supposed to be sooooo good. I'm about 99% sure it was just a bunch of avocados smooshed into a bowl. It tasted like nothing...just smooshed avocado. Blech.

Next, I got the spare rib (or short rib...can't remember) burrito. I took a bite and I seriously almost puked. It tasted like they'd poured an entire container of salt in it. I asked my fiance to taste it to make sure I wasn't hallucinating. He agreed it was inedible and just crazy salty. They did take it back and offered me something else on the house. I ordered the taco salad. Again, salt...a big salt salad. I didn't even bother complaining or sending it back cuz it was free and I was too grossed out at that point to even contemplate trying something else. 

The only 3 good things...#1 The manager came and apologized for the salty burrito. #2 They took my gross food off the bill. #3 The FREE chips they bring you are pretty good. 

So, moral of the story? If you go here just get the free chips and salsa. And don't expect to get them very quickly, especially if you have the same server we had. Personally, I'd rather eat at Taco Smell than go to Blanco again.