A group of us came here to celebrate a friend's promotion. We came in early and sat at the bar as we waited for the rest of the party. Drink prices are standard for a Strip location. As a Mexican restaurant they are known for their margaritas and have a menu that highlight their various concoctions. I had wanted to try a couple of them, but they did not have certain components to make them. I went with a micholada and it was good. They didn't have clamato, so they just used bloody mary mix instead. They offered us chips and salsa after our second drink. The seasoning on those warm chips makes for crack.

Once we were seated, it took some time for us to get service. 10 minutes pass and no one showed up. 15 minutes goes by and still no one. We were told the server didn't know he had the table. Honest mistake. Eventually, our server did come. We had some issues with what was in stock. I had wanted 2 different kinds of whiskey, but they didn't have either. 

Food wise: The appetizers were delicious. We got the ceviche, a queso fundido, chicken tacos, and the guacamole. The fish was tender and seasoned well. The acidic component mellowed out with the use of cucumbers. The queso was okay. The chorizo didn't give as much of a kick as I was hoping. The fact that they serve it in a iron skillet allows the cheese to crisp on the bottom. Scraping up all of it and eating it is half the joy. I didn't try the tacoes, but the others seemed to enjoy it. The guacamole was probably my favorite. The put pomegranate seeds on top. It gave it a touch of tart and sweetness that was the most unique item on the menu. As for entrees, nothing was spectacular. The sweet corn enchiladas were a decent vegetarian option, but lacked a countering flavor, so it was just sweet. The burger was cooked perfectly and was juicy. I just wouldn't come to a Mexican restaurant and think burger. My friend enjoyed his chicken torta. I stole a bite of the chicken enchiladas and weren't impressed.

One of our party members paid before they left and it took some time to get our waiter to come back. We had still wanted to order some more drinks, but by the time he came back we were ready to leave. I know they are still new and will eventually work out the kinks.