I went for dinner here with my friends from Texas and my hubby last night. My friend said they could not get us in until 7:30, ok, so we sat at the bar. Great looking restaurant, nicely done, great outdoor patio for people watching. I ordered a fabulous watermelon drink recommended by the nice bartender and it was so good! The bartender brought us all chips and great salsa while we waited which was cool. 
Not very long after we got our cocktails, the hostess came over and and were seated in the very back booth facing a wall, ok, kind of unnecessary since it was less than half full in the place and there were plenty of tables but ok, I get it, waiter table rotation. Anyway, the waiter comes over, nice kid, with glasses, takes our drink order, and my girlfriend and I order the carafe of margaritas, the guys, regular drinks, beer, captain diet. So we look at the menu, and it's an ok menu, really not much to chose from, and I decide on the vegetarian enchiladas, my hubby gets the lobster fajitas, our friends, I don't recall...all in all, the food was good, not blow your mind great, just good. What was good were the margaritas! Seriously good! I'd go back just to hang outside and have a carafe of those! 
One tiny thing.....back in the day, I was hired for the opening of Delmonico Steakhouse in The Venetian, and before we even opened, we had the best and most extensive 4 weeks of training, on food, wines, spirits, service etc. and it was invaluable, everything I learned stayed with me to this day and I notice, these new big expensively made Vegas restaurants these days are completely lacking in anything near proper staff training....and I really notice that when you go to a place that has just recently opened, is not seated to capacity, that you do not seat parties in the back facing walls, and when you deliver food, the most obvious thing before the food even comes out should be that the guests have utensils so they do not have to ask for them, it's just simple basics, I know I'm picky, but hey, thanks Emeril and I  Love ya for it!