It really pains me to give Chayo 2 stars.  I was here last week with a Yelp Elite event, and all the food was great, and service was incredible.  I walked in last night ready to give Chayo 5 stars.  Based on the service and the quality of the food...I just couldn't do it.
I walked up with a friend of mine to the hostess table outside...where there was no one there, also no sign indicating that there was another hostess station.

One of the servers noticed us standing there and escorted us to the hostess station, where we were told it would be a 15 minute wait.  The restaurant wasn't super busy, and there were a few open tables..but I get it, some people have reservations, some people got there before us in the time from my call and my arrival.  However...the girl at the hostess station was very unprofessional.
My friend made the comment that we were told it wouldn't be a problem to get a table when we called and she said "Well we wouldn't say that."  She took my name, and said we could wait at the bar.

Her attitude  left much to be desired, and really put my friend off a lot.  He was extremely upset at the fact that she was so rude.  Her choice of attire was also very unprofessional...lets just say that I could see her side tattoo and could tell that she was feeling a little chilly, if you catch my drift. 

We sat at the bar, and were there a good 5 minutes before the bartender asked if we needed anything.  
Shortly thereafter, the general manager, Scott, came over and asked if we were waiting for a table.   He was very polite, and sure enough...we were seated about 5 minutes later.

So the whole reason we came out here last night, was because I saw on their website that they have Taco Tuesday, which is half price tacos, and 2 for 1 margaritas.  I didn't end up drinking last night, because $14 for 2 drinks is a little spendy for me...although if the drinks are made the same as they were last week, it is SO worth it.

We ordered the chicken, lobster and ribeye tacos.  3 of each, are normally $12.  
I wouldn't order these for $12.  I'll come back on a Tuesday and pay $6 for them, no problem, but they are not worth $12 for 3 smallish street tacos. 
*It should be noted now, that I asked if the tacos come with any avocado or guacamole, since I am allergic.  Our server, James (who was REALLY wonderful) said no.  

The wait for the food was a bit on the long side.  I'm really not an impatient person, but for street tacos...the wait shouldn't have been as long as it was.

Presentation wise, the tacos looked wonderful.  The plates have a couple slices of lime, which I thought was a nice touch...enough for all three tacos. 

The lobster taco:  we got the mayo sauce on the side (my friend hates mayo)...
They were good.  The lobster bites were deep fried, and you honestly had to pull a little piece of lobster away from the rest of the taco to enjoy the lobster taste, but I liked them.  I personally really liked the mayo sauce. 
The ribeye taco:  Meh.  My first bite, I had a piece of fat swing out of the taco and hit me in the face.  WAY too fatty.  The second bite was better, but...meh.  Probably wouldn't eat these again.
The chicken taco:  By far my favorite of the three.  The first taco was full of flavor, and really really tasty.  The second one was honestly a little more bland, like the chicken hadn't been seasoned the same way throughout.  

After we finished those, we ordered the carnitas tacos. 
Those took a long time too, longer than 3 tacos should have.

These were the worst of the night.  Number one...they had avocado on them, and it is NOT listed on the menu.  (I also had asked before)  
Second, my friend squeezed the taco 3 times and his plate and fingers were COVERED in grease.  Ew Ew Ew.  No thank you.

The good news, and the only really stellar  part of the evening, was our server James.  First of all, we weren't even in his section, but he saw us sitting there and asked if anyone had taken care of us yet, and took our table.  
He was personable, sang along with the songs that were playing, made jokes with us...and he removed the carnitas off the check with no questions asked.  

I will go back, and give them another try.  I'm sure they're still in their growing and opening stages, and going through some pains.  I really want to like this place, but last night made it difficult.