First off lets get the Mexican food subject tackled. There are a few types:
Senoran
New Mexico
Mexico City
Tex Mex
Fresh Mex(BLARF!)

I am an Arizona boy. I grew up eating americano senoran Mexican food. There is ABSOLUTELY nothing wrong with loving it. Is it real "Mexican food" who's to say. Do I appreciate other styles of Mexican food? Hell yes I do! Tex and Fresh being the lest of my favorites.

When I got to Mexico I don't go looking for a cheese crisp and a shredded beef taco. I go looking for hangover cure menudo. I go looking for brain exploding chicken mole. I celebrate Mexican food in all of its delicious forms!

So now that we have that out of the way.

Carlos O'Briens... This is a perfect example of americano senoran style Mexican food. I love this stuff.. I crave this stuff.. I have a Mexican food fuel gauge that must be filled when it hits empty.

You cannot go wrong with the classics here.

Cheese Crisp: One of the best in town.

Guacamole: This is what quac should be. Its not 50% tomatoes. Its pretty much avocado, lime, salt, garlic, cilantro, some chilies. It is amazing and I feel is only topped by what I make at home which is the same style.

Shredded Beef Taco: Again how it should be. The beef is stuffed into the taco THEN deep fried so you get those delicious crispy fried beefs ends in the taco. It is then piled with delicious Mexican cheese blend.. real cheese..

Red Enchilada Sauce: This stuff is great.. Your enchilada will come swiming in it again covered in cheese which is salamandered. When that cheese grease mates with the enchilada sauce.. Mmmmmm happy place.

Rolled Tacos: Both the beef and chicken are good.. Again filled then deep fried and covered in a huge glob of quac and cheese.


Favorite Meal:
#1 Combo (comes on two plates because its thats big!) Shredded Beef Taco, Cheese Enchilada, Rice, Beans
Cheese Crisp with guacamole. Ask for it WITH guacamole. You will get WAY more on it then if you order a side and its actually cheaper. If its to much scoop it onto a plate and enjoy it on some chips.


Bottom Line...

You will leave without a gaping hole in your wallet. You will leave with a very full stomach. The service will be acceptable. You will be happy. They also have great lunch specials here. They raised them a bit but its still a good deal.

Also.. do yourself a favor and stick to the northern location. The owner pretty much lives there and the quality is just better. When he isn't there they have a very trusted manager who has also been there forever and takes great care of the place.