Oh goodness. I don't think I've found a Mexican establishment that has gotten me 100% of the way until Phat Phrank came into my life. Except for maybe Chipotle but come on now, Chipotle doesn't count. Chipotle is like the unwanted child. BUT ANYWAYS .. 

My friend and I decided to try this place after I did some yelping around. Saw this, was on edge a bit because I don't normally go for Mexican but then saw the amazing reviews ...so we just had to give it a go. Let me tell you, no regrets.

The guy who took our orders, whom I assume to be none other than the owner himself, was very nice. My friend ordered the Fish Taco Combo with hot sauce, which was their special for the day while I ordered the flautas. Phrank then suggested that the green sauce goes great with the flautas so I took his suggestion and went with that. He even asked us if it was our first time and that we should try his breakfast items and tortas next. Thumbs up. I liked how he tries to get to know you just a little bit. 

When our food came, it looked delicious. My friend loved his fish tacos. And my flautas! My goodness! They were so good. The chicken was moist had good flavor while the outside was crispy but not burnt. The green sauce that Phrank suggested went WONDERFUL with the flautas. I was so happy and in foodie heaven. However, I wasn't a big fan of the guac that came with it because it just tasted weird to me. It was salty .. hum. Anyways, both of our orders came with rice and beans, which were also very good. So when you order your food, eat them fresh!!!

After we were done with our food, we wanted to try their churros. We've seen some of the pictures on yelp and we just HAD to. Though, when we did try it, we were a bit disappointed. It wasn't as light as we would've thought. It was actually quite dense and kind of hard. Also, amazingly sweet. If you're not really a sweets person, I don't recommend it just because it's sweet upon sweet due to the chocolate, caramel, and vanilla sauces they drip over the churros. I almost couldn't handle it. 

Service was good too. Phrank checked up on us about twice throughout our meal and was also checked up on twice by another employee on drink refills. 

All in all. Amazing. Would definitely return to try their breakfast items next time :)