I have to say I was very disappointed with this place, considering the level of reviews it's received, the location nearby lots of other great spots, and just the look, feel and menu.

The first problem was before we even went.  I had tried to call and make a reservation, but I couldn't hear the person who answered the phone at all - it was super crackly and cutting out with only tiny bits and pieces coming through.  I tried calling a few times with the same result.  So I had to just give up and go when we were ready to eat and hope we could get a seat in a decent amount of time.  When we got there, though, they said they could seat us, but we'd have to leave in one hour for another reservation (wonder how they got theirs!).  We thought an hour should be plenty, so went ahead.  But then we proceeded to sit there for about 25 minutes before anyone even acknowledged us at all - so there went almost half our time, despite 4 servers just kind of slowly wandering around and standing around.  I tried hard to get their attention to no avail until I finally got up and asked.  Our server just made a lame excuse.

The problems just continued from there, taking forever to get our appetizer, a bad drink for my wife, more crappy, inattentive service, and finally to top it off - bad food too!!  I was pretty shocked actually.  But both of our dishes were bad.  My wife got a fish special that was super bland, and I got a steak that was sitting on top of a soggy piece of bread, swimming in a pool of watery sauce that was spilling off the plate as the server so carefully tried to set it down in front of me.

It kind of seemed to us that maybe this place used to be good, or is maybe good on other nights or something, but this was a Friday night and for everything to be bad, from start to finish like that just seems pretty suspect.  As if the whole regular staff, including the chefs were out on vacation or something.

I am giving it the benefit of the doubt and not rating it more harshly because there was really good atmosphere and decor, the server was friendly when she was there, and at least parts of the food were good - enough to think maybe it really was just a horribly off night.  I'm not sure if we'd go back, though, considering the price - huge waste of $$ and way overrated if this is the norm!