Came here for a brunch/lunch on our last day in Vegas. With six girls and all varying tastes and preferences, this was a great choice! Mexican food is always a hit, and I particularly enjoy it, so I was really pleased when the birthday girl suggested it! She'd been here on a previous trip to Vegas and recommended it.

We came here at 11:00 because that was when they started serving lunch. They also offer an all-inclusive brunch of small plates, but we were not up for another buffet before the long flight home. We did order a couple of appetizers (guacamole and queso). The guac was really good, and the chips were a huge standout. Freshly fried, they were super fresh and difficult to stop eating. They came with three types of salsa, all of which were good. (None were particularly spicy, but they were all flavorful). The queso was a bit on the runny side for my taste, which also made it difficult to share.

I ordered nachos for my lunch- if you know me, you'd expect this. The nachos suffered from structural issues in their construction. The beans were spread all over the bottom of the plate, with chips on top of them. Toppings were layered on top and baked, so the chips never stood a chance. They were super soggy by the time they made it to the table. The flavor was good, but I mostly picked the chips from the top and left the sodden bottom layer. I added steak to the nachos, and this was a very good choice- the meat was hot, cooked medium, and made a great addition to the dish.

Other girls got tacos, and that's definitely what I would order the next time. Enjoy the crispy chips as an appetizer, but I don't recommend the nachos unless you make a special request to re-structure. Our waitress was nice but pretty absent, and I don't think that type of special request would have been well-received, although I think they would have done it.

We sat on the patio, and it was really nice out there! It's covered and there are fans, so even when it's warm outside, this is a good option to get some fresh air.