I really love the food and drink menu, especially the black eyed pea taco and the ginger lime margarita. I highly recommend that you go to Yo Rita for the food, but be prepared for an otherwise uncomfortable experience. 

I worked in the restaurant industry for about eight years, so it's hard for me to go to restaurants and not notice when the staff seems really weeded and/or miserable. Each time I've been to Yo Rita, each time with varying degrees of business, the staff has appeared both weeded and miserable. I'm pretty sure this is noticeable whether you've worked in restaurants or not. 

I think there are two reasons for this 1. The manager is very disrespectful towards her staff. She loudly barks orders at them in front of customers (a big faux pas in all of the restaurants I've ever worked in) and uses a very condescending and sarcastic tone when speaking to them, again in front of customers. She certainly isn't any nicer to customers, although I haven't been scolded or snapped at, yet. This makes for a very uncomfortable dining experience, especially if you're eating at the bar where you're close to a lot of the action. 

2. They need just one more server on the floor on Friday and Saturday nights. Each time I've been to Yo Rita when they're busy, our server has been too weeded to even say 'thank you' when dropping our credit card slips off. Our drink order has taken as long as our food to arrive. The servers always look stressed out and overwhelmed. Given the small size of the restaurant, and the bussers and food-runners also working the floor, the only thing I can conclude is that they are short-staffed. And obviously they don't have a manager supporting them and backing them up with they need her to. 

Considering how cold the manager is to customers, perhaps she wants servers who aren't overly friendly and attentive. That's fine, I don't like a server who talks to me like I'm five years old and asks me how everything is a million times. Friendly and attentive Yo Rita's servers are not, but something tells me it's a reaction to poor management, rather than a business decision. 

I think the food at Yo Rita is really great, and it could be a Mexican version of Point Brugge--warm and cozy neighborhood restaurant, you go there because you want the food as well as the atmosphere--but they've really got to work on the front of the house situation ASAP.