JD invades AZ Day 2:

While researching places to eat on my AZ vacation,  I came across the "Man vs Food" episode where he visits this exact Los Reyes De La Torta (LRT). I was really curious, but a bit hesitant especially after that whole Mexico Bakery (MB) debacle (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mexico-bakery-san-jose-2?hrid=D-vOUl2zj5fBOhbOBHRFjg) --but I sacked up; grabbed my brother-in-law (BIL); headed over there; and ordered two of their infamous Torta Del Rey to-go.

Torta Del Ray- This thing is a beast and makes the massive Torta at MB look like a midget. They really should call it the "Regadero De La Cocina Torta" (aka Kitchen Sink) because it's got everything you could imagine--and then some! There's Ham, Pork Loin, Beef Milanese, Hot Dog, Chorizo, melted cheese, Queso Fresco, Chipotle Salsa, Omelet, Tomato, Onions, Avocado, and Chipotle sauce. *Whew!* Now that's a mouthful, both literally and figuratively--and to top it all off they give you a handful of Ruffles chips (in case the Torta isn't enough food for you). The Torta itself was pretty good; I think I'm finding out that I'm not a fan of too much stuff on my sandwiches. I think the taste of everything gets muddled up in there and you get some serious mouth confusion. On the plus side, I really liked their Red Salsa; it went great on the Torta and the Ruffles. If I ever go back I'm definitely ordering one of their simpler Tortas. 3.5*

Horchata- I liked LRT's Horchata; it had a good flavor without the chalkiness that you can sometimes find. 4*

Service & Ambiance- We ordered our Tortas to-go so we didn't experience the wait-staff, but the two people at the front where we placed our order were very nice and friendly. LRT is located in a pretty Ghetto-Fabulous section of Phoenix; upon our first arrival we were greeted by two borrachos chilling in the lot and a couple of other suspicious characters just "hanging out". I'm not sure if I'd pay LRT a visit at night, but during the daytime I think it just adds to the experience. 4*

Value- While $9.75 is a hefty price to pay for a sandwich, realistically you can easily share this with at least one other person. 3* 

Admittedly, it was a little contrived to seek this place out because I had seen it on a TV show, it was definitely fun to do once. If I lived in the area I seriously doubt I'd make the Torta Del Ray a regular item in my rotation. However, I can almost guarantee that their other more reasonably-sized Tortas would be much better. I'm gonna try to stop in one more time before I head out of town, but until then LRT gets a thumbs up.