A friend from work recommended this place to me as one of the "TOP" taco restaurants in the valley... so I decided to take my boyfriend here for a date.

First of all, parking is small. We had to park on the side street and walk up to the restaurant. Inside was really cute - there were Spanish/Skull like paintings. There was live music.. which was REALLY loud. We had to wait for about 25 minutes for a table, but meanwhile we grabbed a drink at the bar. Now the drinks are pricey, but the Chata was absolutely delicoious! It was horchata and kahlua. Andy had a frozen mango margarita.. which was also pretty good. AND there goes $28 on drinks. 
After a while, we were taken back to our table... our waiter HUGO was not so welcoming. I asked for a water and didn't get it until dinner was served. We did order the guacamole which was very good especially with the pomegranate seeds. The chips and salsa were tasty, but the bread was cold which was eh. We then order our food.. I got the Suizas enchiladas with the longaniza chorizo and Andy ordered Chile tacos (make sure to ask for your salad or fries that it comes with). Our food came out and I had to ask for our water.. Hugo had forgot. I then remembered that the tacos are supposed to come with a side. So I asked and out waiter said,"No, just the tacos." As soon as we were done eating, which btw was very tasty (love the gilled chicken in the enchiladas), I asked for a menu so we can take a look at "desserts." I really wanted to see if the tacos came with that side .... and sure enough, IT DOES! I was so upset. We told Hugo we were ok and ready for the check.. not to mention he never came to check on us or ask us how the food was. As soon as we paid, he took the check book without saying thank you or anything! We walk out and the manager, Julio, kindly smiles and says goodbye, but I make sure to tell him about our experience there. Great food, horrible service. He apologized and offered us a free dinner on our next visit. I guess we'll go back but only because we get a free dinner. Cute little spot but Hugo sucks. 

You expect quality customer service for the price you pay.. that's the only complaint I really had.