My wife and I just happened to be at Starbucks when we decide to try Taco Guild. Once arriving we were seated very quickly. Unfortunately it was at a table that hadn't  been cleaned (kinda gross if you'd ask me) which shows a lack of communication between who ever is cleaning the tables and who ever is sitting them (or they couldn't care less where they sat my wife and I). The tables and chairs are booth style so it was a bit uncomfortable for me. The server was very nice and greeted us very warmly. Unfortunately (and I might attribute this to a busy night on his end) we weren't really told about the menu. Once the waiter left my wife and I felt as if we knew nothing more about Taco Guild then when we sat down, this could have been excused if this places had been open for a couple of months but this was the third night it was opened. All in all the meal was great it came out quick and hot and the server seemed to have adjusted better and was accessible more and more throughout our meal. I recommend the Taco Guild the food was great at the atmosphere is killer and I'm very excited to see if there are any sports nights or weekends coming up at Taco Guild. If you're a selective eater please make sure to ask questions (next time I'll take my own advice as well). Please see below for a personal side note...

*The meal went fine and I seldom felt a I need to call my waiter over. As we were leaving a man which I presumed worked there (he was standing around looking at the tables and standing with the host and what I assumed to be the owner...or maybe he was the owner) went to the door and held it open. What I hadn't realized was that he was holding it open for a couple (white and in there 50's maybe) coming in and not for my wife and I (Hispanic and white respectably) which were going out. The man after noticing my wife and I motioning towards the door continues to motion the couple which was entering to come in. Awkward at best this situation left a poor taste in my mouth.