This place is probably one of the better mexican restaurants we have been to. In terms of food. The best thing I've had here is the steak burrito with the jalapeno cream sauce, they have a chipotle cream sauce thats pretty good too, but what I do is half and half on the burrito! We have also gotten the vegetarian enchiladas as well as the chicken, even though its not on the menu, they still are cool and let you customize the enchiladas, fillings/sauces. The prices are pretty good, especially if you use the Yelp Deal!! The dishes are about $10-15 per dish. Depending on what you get. The reason this place is pretty good is because they have things that are atypical of other mexican restaurants. They have unique menu items in some aspects. 

We also have hit this place up for happy hour as well (we were in the area with some friends and SUPER hungry). We planned on eating dinner there, but the happy hour menu looked good so we just decided on that. The drinks are well priced about $3-5 for draft beer and margaritas. ALSO the food is pretty well priced too. We ordered the Guacamole ($2), the bean dip ($2) and the Sonoran fish rolls. DONT GET THOSE. They were so salty and gross, the sauce that it came with looked brown and muddy, and we ended up asking for the jalapeno cream sauce (which makes EVERYTHING better). The fish was also super salty, I think they said they use a halibut. Other than that, we were full, and semi pleased. It may just be worth it to use a yelp deal and order off the main menu (which is way better), if you are looking to save. Even if you don't have a deal the food is not priced terribly high. 

They have flat screen TVs in the bar and outside patio if you want to watch the game so if its not too hot, I recommend hanging out and watching the game with friends.  Its located in a strip mall so a little hard to find, just keep looking its in the back, I think near a bed bath and beyond or something. Its on the opposite side of the street as the whole foods and the container store. 

ENJOY!