Taco y Taco is right around the corner from my house and I have been meaning to try it. A friend went there and said it was OK, but other places were better, so it wasn't on the priority list. Our favorite taco shop was closed last night, so we figured Taco y Taco was worth giving a try.

They were fairly busy when we walked in, as the fancily dressed manager lady was helping to maintain the dining area's appearance. 

We were greeted with smiles as we ordered our food. When I saw how they heated up the burrito tortillas, I knew I was going to have issues. I am not, and never have been, a fan of warming up tortillas in steam. This makes them sticky and gooey. 

Anyway, I made my burrito, and the wife had her burrito bowl made up before us. Looking at the menu, she wanted chips and guac.
Side of chips: 1.05
Side of Guac: 1.25
Chips & Guac: 2.95

WTF? So, she ordered a side of guac and I ordered a side of chips. Making our way down the line of taco options, we opted to just give one dish a try for the evening. When we were giving details of our order to the cashier, the wife said what her bowl was, and a side of guac. I gave info on my burrito plus a side of chips. The cashier gave us a smirk and said she was going to ring them up separate, since it is cheaper that way. We replied by informing her that's why we ordered it as we did.

The soda machine, for the one flavor the wife wanted, was broke, they were kind enough to just give her a bottled soda.

Sitting down to eat, the burrito was the length of a plastic fork (see photos) and had less circumference than a can of soda. 

Picking up my chicken burrito, it was already cold (partially due to the pile of sour cream I had included, I am sure). Oh well, I wasn't shied away by that fact. The stickiness of the tortilla was tough to get over. I prefer a crispy burrito to a soggy, sticky one.

Flavor-wise, it was good. Nothing to write home about, but it was good. 

Their chips were great. I don't know what they do different to them, but they were very tasty, nice crunch and fresh.

If the standard places we prefer to go are closed, or we just don't feel like driving that far, Taco y Taco may get a second chance. Otherwise, we'll stick with Baja Bar & Grill, Chipotle or Zabas.