Based on their viral attempts alone, I am giving this place five stars. The food will be consumed in the next few days and I will report back in the findings.

Let me start by saying that I am a big fan of small business and the entrepreneurial spirit and I hope these guys succeed and are successful. I think these guys can probably make it.  Before I go into the food, I have a couple of suggestions:

1) Maybe more sound deadening material, everything was hard surfaced and it got loud.

2) Bring the food to the table, don't make me get up to get it, and then have it be only half of the order.

3) Put the menu by the food so people can look at it and decide what to order.  Or don't display the food like a Chipotle where we are conditioned to try to order our food from where the food line begins.  You can have it over by the register, but put it by the food too. I'm sure you are constrained by the layout, but you should consider it.

4) Put up pictures of the food.  For $2, I figured you got more than one mini taco.

5) Why no salsa bar?  Those things are the bee's knees.  The red and green salsa on the table was really not all that impressive.
Why not have the soda dispenser out on that counter there where you just have the napkins and such?

6) Remember, friends and family will tell you that you serve the best food ever, and truth be told, a customer will say the same as they probably aren't that interested in engaging in a discussion at the time.  Tonight when asked, my answer was a bit ambiguous, but that was intentional, as I was eating dinner and then had some place to be.

7) Maybe do business in the office, looking at register polls and sitting in the dining room when a dinner rush is supposed to happen doesn't give off the right vibe.  Especially if there is grimacing over the register receipts.

8) I say spend less on advertising and more on the preparation of the food.  If it costs a few bucks extra to cook everything to order, at least initially, you'll make more on word of mouth than any other form of advertising.  Cooking to order doesn't have to take an excessive amount of time.

OK, the hype outshined the product.  I know there are a few highly rated reviews on here, but I do  not concur, and apparently Yelp! doesn't either.  

First thing I noticed aside from the fact that I thought I had walked into a Chipotle, is that a mini-taco is $2!  For a quality product, I'm fine with paying this, but most placed you can get 5 better tacos for $5, and the carne was not up to snuff.

A better value for the money is the nachos, but watch out.  I had some chips that were BEYOND salty.  This was $6.50.

A regular carne asada taco is $4.  Again, nothing to write home about.

So in fairness, all that was sampled was the carne, and it was disappointing.  Personally, I like carne right off the grill, this place puts it in little pans that sits in a steam table and it stews.  You go to El Pollo Loco and usually that chicken is right off the grill, never have I had meat that sat around in stewing in a steamer.  It can't be that hard to make this stuff to order is it?

Maybe you have to bite the bullet and cook this meat to order, that's what people want, not the same old meat that's been sitting in the warmer table that really everyone else does.  Maybe if you were doing a colorado or verde, that would be understandable, but you are selling grilled tacos.  Not grilled then stewed until someone comes in to order them tacos.  When you guys were doing your tasting and recipe making, did you make the meat, sit it in the warmer and then eat it 20 minutes later or did you grill it and eat right then?

I've given my opinion and no doubt others will disagree and of course that's fine, hell, I encourage it.  Again, I root for small business and I'm rooting for you.

Hopefully these are just growing pains.  The three stars is really to give them the benefit of the doubt.