I have been to Rokerij three times. The first was for a work related lunch - I enjoyed the small plate selection and was impressed by the ambiance. 

I enjoyed it enough to take my BF back there for a romantic dinner. It took us a while to actually make it there because they wouldn't take reservations for less than a party of 4 - so we ended up going for an early dinner. It was delicious and the service was great. 

BF enjoyed it enough that when I inquired as to what how he would like to celebrate his thirtieth birthday he selected Rokerij. 

This is where disappointment sets in. I hate to be tough on the place but . . . the food was good, the ambiance good - but. . . 

I made reservations for 4 two weeks ahead of time for seven pm on a Saturday. We arrived right on time - the hostess alerted me that they were a little behind but would seat us soon. So we took our group to the bar downstairs for a round of drinks. It took them thirty to forty minutes to seat us. But we tried to be understanding (despite the fact that the second couple was paying a babysitter 10 dollars an hour . . . ) 

We were sat - generally enjoyed our meal. But the service was lacking - for this level of restaurant you expect exceptional service - and frankly this caliber of food can be found elsewhere with good service and more reasonable prices. 

We finished our meal (which was decent) we paid our check while we finished our dessert and drinks - but decided we would like to continue our conversation. We flagged down the waiter - who upon us requesting a round of drinks said "my dad is getting pissed - so if you could sit at the bar . . . " Our thoughts - so you took an extra forty minutes to seat us - when we had a reservation and now you want us to leave your table and you couldn't come up with a more tactful method of asking us to leave (note - it was 9:30/9:45 at this time, we had been at the table for about two hours, had a full meal (drinks, appetizers, entrees, dessert, second drinks - which equates to a full check and a hefty tip). Now I don't know who our waiters dad is . . . possibly the owner. But the professionalism at Rokerij was seriously lacking. 

I don't know whether we will return. But we have concluded: (1) Rokerij does offer good food - but they are slightly over priced for the quality (2) the professionalism was seriously lacking in service (presentation of the wine list focused on the price and not the taste pallets), and (3) they should get their ego in check - I get that you have a long list of people waiting for tables at your restaurant - but the next time I have a special event I will be going to one of the dozens of restaurants in the valley and receive the level of service that should come with the ambiance and food.