I'd say more like 3.5 stars.

We tried this place for the first time Friday night.  I am always happy when a restaurant opens up here in Centennial.  Now let's just hope it can STAY open!

There were good things about Leticia's and a few not-so-good things. 

THE GOOD
Our chips and salsa and waters were brought to our table right away... like within 3 minutes of sitting down.  I like that.  The chips weren't anything special by any means, but both types of salsa were very flavorful.  I especially liked the chipotle based one.

The menu had a lot of variety, lots of things I would have liked to try.  It was hard to decide what I'd try first.

The prices were very reasonable for big portions.

My shrimp tacos were excellent.  (The rice that came with them was a different story, but more on that below.)

I'm embarrassed to admit that we ate through a whole basket of chips and a whole cup of that chipotle salsa.... but happy to say that we didn't even have to ask.... they just brought us more as soon as we were done.

The service staff seems to work very well together.  They seemed on top of things everywhere we looked, and were definitely good to us.

THE BAD
My husband's seafood enchiladas were definitely "meh."  Very bland tasting, with more of a pasta-type sauce on top.  But even more bland was the rice that came with my shrimp tacos.  UGH that was some nasty, dry, tasteless stuff!

Our desserts were very fairly priced, but just kinda "meh" too.  He got the fried ice cream, which had a kind of stale-tasting shell around the ice cream.  I had the sopapillas, which were ok.  I mean it's just fried dough with some cinammon and sugar.... there's not a whole lot you can do with that ... but I have had better.

If I were going with my kids, this would be up in the "good" section, but because we were out on "date night," I'll put this here.  This place is VERY much a family restaurant.  Like I said, that can be a GOOD thing if you have kids... and I would definitely think of taking my daughter here ... but if you're going for a date night type atmosphere, I wouldn't choose this place.  There were LOTS of kids... pretty noisy.  

And I'm apparently in the minority here since it seems that every restaurant is doing this now.... but I don't understand why there has to be TVs playing sports on every wall.  At a sports bar/pub?  Yes.  At a Mexican Cocina?  I don't get it.  

All-in-all we liked our experience there pretty much.  I won't be rushing back, but I wouldn't mind going again to try some other stuff.