Came with Yelpers as the 3rd taco stop in our crawl. 

So there are lines going for different things. You go to one line, and then sort've slide down from one to another if you want different things. There is a adobada line (the one with the spit), the middle is kinda all the rest, then the grilled onions and peppers station (gratis with tacos so get some), and then left most is carne asada. It may take a moment if you're getting a few things, or if there is at least a few of you - split up. Since it's the last stop we ordered a few things to get full up. Then you go to the register to pay, get drinks,  and get red and/or green sauce. There is a serve yourself bar from limes and radishes. 

Adobada was good, juicy and a bit crisp on the edges which I like. We didn't get with pineapple but this one was a rather sweet adobada than most I've had, like they keep basting with pineapple juice on the outside. Not good or bad thing, just depends what you're into but I thought it was a solid, if a bit different adobada. Lengua was tender, but was a bit more fatty than average so the BF wasn't fond of it, but it was alright for me. It's like not enough of the connective stuff rendered off so there is a fattiness to it that can be a put off. The cabeza here was pretty decent and we both liked that.  I love they give you grilled onions and peppers. I moved here from San Diego and this was a normal TJ style thing to eat with tacos and I haven't had it since I've moved here. Definitely was a plus for me. 

Now, with a place that is so talked up I expect a lot and while it was good, it wasn't my favorite. And being not a grand slam means it isn't worth the trouble of lining up and then sliding down each of the stations then hoping there is a table open in the constantly busy restaurant (there are a few outside to one side if its full inside). I just get salty at chaos when it comes to trying to eat.  The one time I tried to stumble to the strip location we were a bit overwhelmed and confused (since I didn't know the deal with this place and the lines) so we left. Since it was our last stop too, comparatively the tacos were smaller than our other stops at the same price and the most hassle to get so this would be a plan C for me type place. I almost never want to make it difficult to get food unless it's phenomenal and even then I have my limits. I am not jumping the gordo bandwagon.

(Yelp 100 Challenge 44/100)