Okay, before my boyfriend and I went to KoMex, I was really excited and we really wanted to give this place a 5 star.  After trying this place out myself to see what the hype was all about, after all it's only like the most highly rated place on Yelp.

We ordered 2 beef (bulgogi) tacos, 2 pork belly tacos, 2 chicken tacos, and shared KimChi fried rice with bulgogi.  The beef tacos were good, but honestly carne asada tacos from like Pepe's are much better and the same cost.  Ranking it as bulgogi, is rather unsatisfying as well since it lacked well marinated flavors that I usually taste with bulgogi.  The pork belly tacos were the most delicious tacos that we had, it was slightly spicy but not over bearing, I have absolutely no complaints.  At the same time, they were not delicious enough for me to merit higher ratings.  The chicken tacos were tasteless, DON'T ORDER.  The KimChi fried rice with bulgogi was served with a fried egg on top, the presentation was great!  The rice itself was alright at best, the kimchi part, was not spicy, it just tasted like it lacked something.  Kimchi that I buy generically in the asian grocery store has more kick.  So we did add quite a bit of garlic chili to it to make me taste better.  I'm not really too sure if they subdued the taste down to white people spicy to make it more palatable since I saw on the menu that they were trying to franchise.  My advice is just stay true to the recipes.

The service is excellent, I'm pretty sure it was family run.  They were super nice and attentive, and if I could rate it based on service alone then I would give them a four star review.

The ambiance, is really shatty.  I would not be caught dead in that area after the sunsets.  The interior of the restaurant looks like it needs a face lift, and some deep cleaning.  

Overall, it was alright at best.  I would probably never come back, or go out of my way to eat there though.  So unless you are already in the vicinity don't bother driving out of your way.