I think of this place in terms of 2 out of 5 stars, but the shrimp ceviche is so dang delicious that I bumped it up to 3.

The restaurant is nice inside.  It's clean, well-decorated, nicely lit, and the layout is nice.  It's not huge, it's not tiny, it's just right.

The service is fine. The wait times are average and the people are nice enough.  I don't think anyone goes out of their way, but the good thing is you don't see people hanging about, chit-chatting either.

The food.  Everything (with the exception of the shrimp ceviche) is just ok.  It's not awful, it's not amazing, it's just ok.  This includes the chips, salsa, meals, desserts, etc.  We haven't tried anything there that has been enough to make us say anything other than, "it's ok."  My husband is kind enough to keep trying because he knows how much I love the shrimp ceviche.  

In my opinion, there are too many items on the menu.  It's way too overloaded with options.  Maybe if they trimmed back their offerings, perhaps they could concentrate on the food itself and take it to another level.   I think they are spread too thin.

The prices are high for what you get.  I think that the prices are too out of whack for the level of service, food quality, and atmosphere.  I think little things would be forgiven more easily if the pricing was more in-line with typical expectations.  

Take out.  I recently had the bright idea of getting the shrimp ceviche as a take out item.  I was disappointed to see that the portion is significantly smaller than what is provided during dine in, and that the price is the same.  I had to beg to get some extra tortilla chips, and even then they told me that they "should charge me."  That really rubbed me the wrong way.  Don't act like you're doing me a favor by short-changing my order, and then saving me $2 for extra chips.  

To the owner:  I appreciate that you take the time to read the reviews and respond to the less favorable ones.  I am hoping that you will actually take my recommendations and thoughts into consideration, rather than just dismissing them or "checking into" things.  I am truly writing this review because I want your restaurant to succeed this time around.  Besides, I'd go crazy without my shrimp ceviche fix!