The first few times I went to La Unica I wasn't that impressed.  I ordered the veggie fajitas and they were basically just onions with one or two peppers,and mushrooms smothered in salt.  I am used to Azteka where you get broccoli, zucchini, squash---you know, actual vegetables in the VEGGIE fajitas.  

The guacamole is not tableside which is a problem for me because I could take a bath in guacamole that is how much I love it.  They use some pureed version which isn't bad but I am doubting it is truly avocados in that mix.  The salsa is also the pureed type which again is fine but it pretty much tastes like smashed up tomatoes.  I just prefer fresh salsa so this just doesn't quite satisfy.  The chips are crunchy and thicker so those were on point.

My most recent visit was last night and I tried the shrimp fajitas for the first time and they were very good.  The shrimp was not shrimpy if you know what I mean!  :)  They were plump, fresh, seasoned well and grilled---lip smackin' good!  They were accompanied by some salty onions and I think I found one teeny tiny green pepper straw in the mix.  My fajitas, per the norm, also came with beans and rice.  The beans were good but there was about 2 bites worth.  The rice was fine but there was no pico or guac...only sour cream.  Not cool.

For the most part the service was good and fast--as it is with most mexican restaurants.  The only annoying part of the service was when we arrived at 6:30pm on a Tuesday night we were told we had to wait until our whole party was present.  What?  Where am I?  Ruth's Chris?  If my party was of 10 then I could understand but we were waiting on two other people.  Why couldn't we go down a basket of chips and salsa before they arrived?  A) they weren't that busy and B) you're La Unica.  I understand from a waitstaff perspective but with a Mexican restaurant like this, it is basically fast food.  You are turning tables over no matter what.  What's next?  Is Wendy's going to start taking reservations?   Let's just not get too big for our britches La Unica and you will be just fine.