What brought me to Los Dos Molinos? 
My friends and I don't venture out to this part of town too often but we were craving Mexican food and a quick search of Yelp on my phone brought up this place nearby with a generous amount of good reviews so we figured we'd give it a shot as well.

Atmoshphere: 
I'm originally from El Paso, TX and I'm quite used to my Mexican food at local and border establishments. As soon as I walked into Los Dos Molinos I felt right at home, it was very authentic looking and I became very nostalgic and a little homesick. 

Food:
The staff was friendly and the food is prepared to order so it may take a while to get your meal. Be patient.
I got the Carnitas plate (a little over $13) which came with cooked pork, beans, rice, lettuce, and a flour tortilla (which tasted and reminded me more of pita bread than flour tortillas you may be used to).
The pork was very tender and the juices from it were so delicious! Unfortunately everything else on the plate was very lackluster.
I had some friends accompany me and asked them to describe their meals (whoo! lucky you getting a 3 for 1 review! :-P) 
One had the #7 Combo and as a look of disappointment struck him he said that the chicken was very moist but flavorless.
The other had the Beef and Chicken Flautas which had an interesting taste. Pretty good actually (almost wish I had gotten those instead) but different perhaps because they were wrapped in that same thick tortilla I described earlier.
Portions were good as well, we left so stuffed we didn't even get to try the sopapillas. :(

Price: 
For the hole in the wall look, the way the meal was plated/served (the food definitely doesn't look like the pictures they post on their website so don't expect fancy stuff) and with the quality of the food you really wouldn't expect these plates to be well over $10. 
I also longed for a simple dollop of sour cream that I felt would really make my meal but for the $2-3/per side price I didn't feel it was worth it. 
For the three of us total (all specialty or dinner plates and only water for drinks) the check came out to $38, something you should think about if you're taking a group there and/or are on a budget.

Overall:
The group consensus was an average of 3 out of 5 stars. As far as Mexican food in Arizona goes...I've had better (that's what she said?)
Would I go back again? No. I won't say not to try it either (it's not horrible...just meh...and I don't like wasting time or money on "meh" places and food) but just consider this review a "heads up" if you do.