I was very excited to try out another of Frank Scibelli's concepts. I've been a longterm fan of Bad Daddy's and Midwood Smokehouse. I had heard good things about the tortillas and their specials. Glad we finally got this concept in the books! 

Tucked behind the Williams Sonoma on Morrison, it's a secluded location that comes alive for a BIG dinner crowd. Plenty of parking in the lot and other lots surrounding the shopping center. 

Our visit was for dinner recently. We had tried other nights but the way can be rather overwhelming. We made it in for an 8pm dinner. 

Service was great. Seated quickly, given a good rundown of the menu and recommended a few margaritas for us to try. We obliged and tried the original marg and a mango-infused marg. Sad to say, I was rather unimpressed with the mix. I'm not much of a margaritas goer, but the balance was wrong and seemed to be thrown together rather fast without much consideration for taste. I was a little disappointed since it was a bit of a slower night in the dining room(s) and the bar. On to the meal...

Chips are great. Light, lightly salted and served with an array of salsas. The standard red salsa has a twinge of heat and an smoke to the flavor. The tomatillo is freaking great. Uhh...I think I put it on everything but my margarita. Definitely worth the tomatillo alone. 

Entrees: My wife, as many know, is a vegetarian. The menu actually reads "Ask about our vegetarian options." Sadly, there aren't actual "options." Our server pointed to a few regular items that can be made sans meat. She ordered the Gringo Nachos. The only options listed on the menu are chicken, ground beef or brisket. Her order only came with the standard veggies. Rather underwhelming and definitely screaming for some more cheese. 

I ordered the standard Paco's Tacos. An order of two that comes with rice and beans. The rice was pretty standard and a welcome accompaniment to my tacos. The beans, however, are a "charro" style recipe. Can't say that I'm a fan. Very burnt flavor and lacking in welcoming texture. With a generous helping of the tomatillo salsa, they were in the clear! The tacos were GREAT. Love the tortillas. Made in-house, and boy does it show. Warm, chewy and perfect floury taste. I could 5 with just the tomatillo salsa. The brisket is worth a try. Never had it on tacos before, but I would definitely order it again. Seasoned well and paired nicely with the other taco accouterment. 

Price is rather fair. No complaints in that department. 

I'd say there are a few things that could have been done a bit better, but we'll definitely be back to try some other options. Looking forward to those warm tortillas again soon! Thanks, Frank Scibelli for another option in the Queen City!