I have always been meaning too check this place out since one of my friends at work gave it a pretty good recommendation. I was in the area so figure why NOT. There were things that I liked about Cafe Rio and other things that just not impressed with or left without excitement of needed too come back again sooner then later. 

The whole idea of fresh tortilla LOVE it!!! Too see one of the working just going too town with twenty of them cooking at the same time. Little show for free. The circle flat top spinning in circle for sure helps not only the cooking process but that way no need too be seven feet plus reach the ones in the back. Lol! Always fan of seeing ones tacos, burrito, enchilada, or salad put together in front of you. Also fan of getting too choose which toppings or ones feel do without on. I like the fact not only horchata (really good), more then your normal fountain drink options had two other flavors mint flavor and other one pink lemonade or something close too. The portion size is great deal for the price under ten dollars. I passed on the rice and beans with my two tacos (instead made it three taco lunch) added one more price you pay. Still went ahead ordered side of rice just cause wanted too try it. All the topping were very much fresh from the greens, salsa, and course the tortilla fresh, The thought of fresh fresh tortilla is worth star all by itself!!!

I felt like all my tacos short was on flavor. I had one beef and two chicken tacos. The beef was  more disappointed with then the chicken. The beef was nice moist BUT with total lack of flavor. I could not tell if it was slow braised in bbq or whatever it was in. Honestly just bland. The chicken was slightly better had nice grilled flavor but again lack identity or something. Rather bland chicken. The toppings helped out came too lack of flavors. Course the crispy fresh tortillas. Saving grace comes too tacos. Maybe need too order the enchilada next time.

Talk about packed if coming for lunch don't be surprised if little wait. Even then it moves along decent pace. Forgot add one more thing like the fact that have outdoor patio area. It no water show just the parking lot. Still on nice day and if the place is packed too the max. Nice option. I did! Perfect weather and the place was packed so made the most of it!!!