I wanna start off by saying that I'm a huge fan of El Hefe in Scottsdale. You get what you pay for there, and I'm totally ok with that! In fact, I reserved a table for my graduation at the Scottsdale location, instead of the Tempe location which is where my university is located. Why? Glad you asked!

I've been to El Hefe Tempe more than I'd like to admit. It really is a fun place, don't get me wrong. I think you have to mentally and physically prepare for how crowded it is on Thursday-Saturday nights. If you're not a few (or several) shots in, don't bother going. This place is a nightmare with trying to get drinks. The bartenders at the main bar try their best to get to everyone but there's always way too many people. I am always prepared to wait 15-20 minutes for a drink (on a good night).
The back bar by Public House is a little faster, I recognized a bartender there from her working at previous bars in the area. She's fast, makes drinks really well, and in my opinion, is mainly why that back bar was doing so well (move her to the main bar! blonde girl with shoulder length hair). 
The bar by the front patio is the one I have the most problems with. There's only one bartender there, always a guy. Every time I go there I have to wait way longer that any of the other bars to get a drink. Throw another bartender in there! That one male bartender always has a huge attitude and serves other people who wait less than I do. This happened to me twice last week on two different days.  
In addition to bar service, this place is CRAZY packed. You really have to be careful and not step on anyone's toes here, this place is that crowded. Good luck trying to dance, there's simply no room! Another big issue I have is the bathroom. There's no enforcement to the line and girls cut like crazy. Even if the "bathroom bouncer" sees it happen he doesn't do anything about it. I kid you not I've waited at least 20 minutes to get into the bathroom. Ladies if you have to pee go before you come here! Somewhere else might be a little cleaner too.
I haven't ordered food from this location yet but I have at the Scottsdale location, I'll update this review once I've ordered tacos from Tempe Hefe. 

I think these are the main reasons I didn't want to celebrate my graduation at Tempe Hefe. My experience there is always so-so and never gets to the level of fun I have at the Scottsdale location. I don't think El Hefe Tempe is completely awful, it just needs a little more improvement.