Macayo's is a classic and a staple throughout the valley. While I wouldn't say their food is the best it is far from the worst. After reading a couple of reviews some things come to mind.

1) People in Arizona don't eat "tex-mex", people in Texas do. So, if you're looking for that from Macayo's or most other Mexican joints in town you're not going to get it.

2) To say Macayo's is like some sort of Mexican Denny's is ridiculous.

Now as far as the food is concerned, I like their salsa I'm not sure why but I do. I'd describe it as a bit watery with plenty of cilantro and green chiles. Pretty good in my opinion. Other things I like are the mini-chimis which have never been frozen when I ate them. Are they great for Mexican? Not so much but they're great for eating on the cheap and getting some food in the gut.

My all-time favorite dish was the Steak Cortez, which the anti-corn guy describes as nacho cheese and spinach; that's not quite right. The Steak Cortez is really a pretty great idea, a skirt steak covered in spinach con queso (con queso being a normal term at any spanish speaking joint that is combining something with cheese) and mushrooms that I really like the taste of and then folded over and a green chile slapped in the middle. I have to say WAS though because over the years the portion has decreased and depending on how the tide goes or which way the wind is blowing it comes out of the kitchen different. If they could serve it great consistently that would be a signature dish. But like Macayo's service itself they can't.

The carnitas burritos leave something to be desired. Maybe some guacamole or sour cream which you can get if you want to pay extra but it sure seems like stuffing a boatload of carnitas into a tortilla doesn't truly constitute a burrito.

The tamales are usually pretty decent, though I can't say I've ever had the green corn, I think only the beef. My favorite part of any Mexican meal is the cheesecrisp and it's just as good here as anywhere else. There are places that are better and places that are worse. 

Completely irrelevant as far as food goes but they used to have a free payphone so long as the call was less than 5 minutes and was local. I always thought that was cool but that is gone now.

Pros:

Salsa
Some good ideas for food when executed properly (ie steak cortez, baja sauce)
central location
the bar is hoppin' on friday nights
generally decent food but not always and not all items (pro and con)

Cons:
spotty service
hit or miss inconsistent food
no cheese enchilada on the kids menu
the bar is hoppin' on friday nights which makes for crappy parking