Quick Look: First time returning to the Pink Taco in 5 years and much like the rest of the property, the Pink Taco might "hold up" but it is starting to look, feel and taste "tired." 

In Depth Review: As locals we used to go to the Pink Taco for a good meal, tasty drinks & high energy atmosphere that made it a great spot for people watching. Wife and I went to the HRH this past Friday, May 9th (2014) and walked into a casino that was as dead as I have ever seen in the city for a wknd night. Music was quiet, the circle bar empty, what happened to the energy and atmosphere of the Hard Rock? Made our way past the death metal fans there for an OTEP concert and got to the Pink Taco check-in at 9pm. Had to wait a few minutes to be acknowledged and brought to our upper level inside table. The restaurant was empty and maybe a dozen tables sat, I counted 4 people at the bar. Strange vibe. Not the typical atmosphere we remembered in this restaurant in the past. 

Chips and spicy salsa sauce was delivered to the table right away. The salsa dip was delicious. No water was delivered and the spicy salsa was a bit too much as we had to sit for 10 minutes before our waiter made it to our table to introduce himself. He did stop at the table next to us first that was sat 5-6 minutes after us. We ordered drinks and the Taquitos appetizer. They were a little too chewy and hard to cut in half. My wife enjoyed them though. For our entrees we ordered the chicken Enchilada and the Carnitas Platter. Timing was OK between the appetizer and the main entrees as we waited to order the entrees until after the appetizer was served. 

The chicken enchiladas were tasty, a little messy and fell apart, but certainly tasted good! The Carnitas sampler was all over the place, the beans, rice, tortilla and grilled tomatoes were just fine. The carnitas meat was a bit hard and dried out. Some pieces were chewy and tasted like they had been cooked earlier and sat under a heat light. Not sure what that was all about? 

Wife loved her Margarita. So that is important to note. The poor girl at the bar looked beyond bored. The entire experience was all overt the board. May have just been an "off" night and weekend. Staff looked bored and we saw a few of them eating dinner in the back of the restaurant behind us. 

Was a bit shocked at how quiet the entire property was. Hope this is a rare exception and not the new rule over there. Mothers Day Wknd may have played into the property being slower than usual, who knows? Will we go back? Sure, but we are not going to go out of our way to go there as there is too much competition in the Mexican food department in Vegas - and I feel the Pink Taco may have lost it's edge?!

To sum it up - it was an OK visit at best.