Uuuuugggghhhhhh....cheese..and..... eggs............. Eggs and cheese......... Went here on a Friday night because it's talked about a lot by my coworkers, and there is always a line out the door. Got seated quickly somehow --by the time we left, the wait was nearly 45 minutes-- got our water and chips/salsa. Pedestrian chips and salsa and I ate too many as usual waiting. Everything on the menu looked just like a menu at Everyman's Mexican restaurant. I am always drawn to the 'house special' or 'specialties of the house' or 'chef's specials' or 'House specials of the chef'. Somehow I always think of an old Mexican lady in the kitchen fighting back tears of nostalgia from younger days in Olde Meheeko when she sees that someone as brave as me has ordered a family favorite. (No no no Jeffro, it is just not so.) In this case, it was the chile relleno. I'm a big fan of these chiles stuffed with plain cheese then battered and fried. I should have noticed the slight rise in the waitresses eyebrow when I made my choice audible, or the sudden silence as patrons ushered their children close and nefarious men went for their sidearms. Back in the kitchen, the cooks certainly chuckled and shrugged their shoulders in a combination of silky knowing and territorial pissing. This is our Special a la casa, and you will be surprised that you can be liking it!! Soon others will come!!!! What arrived at the table seemed like a mistake. This is not food -it is a sacrifice. A large head-sized, head/brain-looking mound of food.  "What is this?" I asked the waitress. She told me it is a special way of preparing the chile and that I would find the tasty morsel somewhere near the bottom of the football-sized mound of eggy souffle. I put my fork in expecting a gasping escape of air and a seconds-later reasonable sized dinner. No. If anything, it got larger (that's what she said). I went for it, but like Shackleton at the pole, I was stuck  20 minutes later. With my spouse finishing her enchiladas, I was still less than 1/3 into the meal and forever sworn from chile rellenos. The eggs alone must have skinnied a flock of chickens, the cheese gave Wisconsin a shudder, and the paltry pale anemic chilles resting in the cellar of the mess were no longer in my future as energy and waste product -I had had enough! Giving up and stating so left me feeling free like a recovering alcoholic taking the first step. There is some British research which shows that wild rabbits relax sometimes for the first time in their lives just before death when finally caught by a circling hawk. They no longer live in fear. I no longer live in fear of the TeePee--- I have been caught by the Chile Relleno. Stay hungry my friends, but order a la carte.