Team building is always great for bringing your coworkers and building a positive team and family spirit among employees. On this day, we decided to have an event at the Plaza hotel bingo hall, which turned out to be a flop. Although no one won that day, we sure did build up an appetite. The choices were Thai or Mexican. Mexican won, so our boss told us about this family owned local joint down the road from the Plaza. I'm always up for the opportunity to Yelp a new restaurant, this was no different.

Driving down Main St, you'll see the restaurant on the right hand side, adorn with exposed rock walls. There's a small parking lot in the back or street parking, but get there early so you can secure a spot. When you walk in, the website says you're treated to "home-like Mexican setting." It's more like a Mexican Quinceañera threw up! The walls are a bright canary yellow, the ceiling is lined with hanging colored paper, cut with different designs. Definitely looks like an outdated joint but somehow, that's their character and it seems to work. Our server was passable. Didn't really converse with us and we ended up waiting  a long time for out check at the end. Thank goodness I was surrounded with great company!

For dinner, I decided to get the number 10 on the dinner menu, Carnitas de puerco con guacamole, arroz, frijoles y pico de gallo for $11.99. This dish is pork, guacamole, rice, beans and pico de gallo. For some reason, Mexican prepared pork is always a winner in my book. This pork was nicely prepared, shredded and nicely marbleized. The meat was tender, however, drowned in oil. The saving grace was definitely the mild, yet flavorful taste. The rice was a nice dry compliment to the dish and help to soak up the juices from the pork. I thought the pico brought a fresh taste to the dish and who doesn't love guac! Overall, this dish was great.

At the end of the day, I would say I'm more of a 3.5 out of 5 stars for this place.I appreciate it's history and character, however, I feel like some things could be updated. Aside from the mediocre service, I would say the rest of the evening was a delightful one. I'm glad that it's close to work. For that alone, I wouldn't mind coming back again for another crack at it!