Diego came recommended years ago by my boyfriend & his fam, so my friends and I ate there back in 2008 when I first went to Vegas.  I recall loving the guacamole and not being overly impressed with the entrees.  We also split a pitcher of margaritas between the 5 or 6 of us which made the hefty pitcher price worth the cost.

So this time, we decided to hit up Diego for their happy hour.  It was a very good experience in all.  You can only do happy hour at the bar/patio area which was fine and the price cut only affects drinks not food which would normally be a strike for me, but we had a huge breakfast so we only wanted little nibbles.

I can't remember our server's name but she was friendly and greeted us quickly with chips and salsa.  Their chips have a light seasoning which is zesty as is their slightly tangy but yummy salsa.  We each ordered a strawberry-pineapple margarita (only $5 for a drink in Vegas is almost unheard of) and those margies were super delicious!

We both knew we wanted guac (I love the use of sundried tomatoes) and our server listed all the things they put into the guac and asked for our spicy preference which is awesome.  As someone who works in the food industry, I know the pains of finding out someone at your table is allergic to something or can't have gluten and then they have to change the order because you didn't think to ask.  A+ for that server!  She brought the guac and even waited for us to taste it to make sure it was spicy enough for us.

My bf ordered chicken tamales which came with spanish rice and refried beans.  I ordered the "Caesar" salad.  The food came and the server had forgotten to keep the meat off my salad (I'm a vegetarian) and she was very apologetic.  Again, I'm fairly lenient with servers, having been one myself plenty of times so I understand the mistake of hitting the wrong button.

My salad was just ok and I was glad that I wasn't that hungry and had mostly filled up on guacamole, confirming my intuition to skip the entree.