La Hacienda looks beautiful inside.  It's dimly lit and full of cushy dining room chairs and big, clean tables.  It's very inviting and with Spanish fare on the menu, the aromas are mouth-watering.  My party included gentlemen who were acquainted with the chef, so we were sent a complimentary serving of every appetizer on the menu!  The table-side (i.e. prepared table-side) guacamole and fresh tortilla chips = outstanding!  Definitely order them if you're in the mood for an appetizer.  There's enough to share among a group of four or so.  We ordered seconds, but there were eight in our party.  Yes, the guacamole does contain onions, but the delicious avocado and other ingredients are so tasty that the onions did not even bother me!  Queso fundido is another appetizer that was popular at our table.  It's a dish that's probably six inches long by three inches wide and 1.5 inches deep filled with a mix of cheeses.  It's served with warm tortillas.  The cheese got cold kind of fast, but that's to be expected.  We had a delightful Pinot Grigio from Argentina with our meal, if you like white wine.  Mmm!  For my main course, I ordered the "Atun" which is tuna.  The server asked how I'd like it prepared, and I selected "rare," which was very delicious.  It was a small portion served over mashed potatoes.  My boyfriend ordered the Camarones Enchiladas, which is shrimp enchiladas.  I tasted a shrimp and it was darn good!  The feedback I received from the other diners at our table was all positive.  So why the 3 stars??  The service.  The servers waited until our appetizers were finished before even taking our entree orders.  Not cool!  We didn't get to eat our main course until two hours after arriving at the restaurant.  Also, we were a big party drinking several bottles of wine.  Sadly we had to flag down a server each time we needed a new bottle.  For this class of hotel and subsequently a fine dining restaurant of the same class, I expect excellent service.  I instead received mediocre service.  Hopefully this was just a fluke.  I'll let you know when I make it back to La Hacienda.