The BF and I just got back from lunch/happy hour at Otro. Let me start by saying I like Gallo Blanco, and I was fully prepared to like Otro. The space is nice and open and it wasn't nearly as busy as GB usually is. I ordered an individual guac, a carne asada taco and a fish taco and the BF ordered the turkey sandwich. The guac was good, just like the guac at GB and the salsas were also the same, so that was good. When the food came out, mine looked good, although the presentation isn't as cool as at GB (flat on a plate, not on a taco rack) and the tacos looked smaller. The BF was surprised to find mayo on his sandwich, since it wasn't listed on the menu. He told the waitress he had an egg allergy and she took the sandwich back and they remade the sandwich. Anyway, as far as the tacos go, the fish wasn't nearly as good as the one at GB and wasn't my fave fish taco overall...not sure what fish they use exactly, but it was a little fishier than other white fish I have had in tacos...it could have been an off day, who knows. The carne was good and had decent flavor. Both tacos required salsa, but their salsas are so good, that was fine. So then the BF's sandwich came back and looked better, so he ate it and enjoyed it very much. Now, this is not accusatory in any way, BUT I think there is a possibility that they just scraped the mayo off of the bread instead of remaking the sandwich because the BF got extremely sick to his stomach as we were leaving....I cannot say with certainty that this was what caused him to feel sick and I also cannot say with certainty that they didn't make the sandwich fresh with new bread because I wasn't watching and he may have been sick from something totally unrelated, but it was a little suspicious, and if that was the case, this restaurant should be more cognizant of the effects of food allergies on their customers since they can be very serious. Anyway, I would say that the food was overall good, but I can't say I will be rushing back here any time soon, especially when their sister restaurant is so close by.