Off the freeway and near the theater is Havana Grill, a Cuban-style restaurant that offers free salsa lessons on Sundays and live music on Friday and Saturday nights.

The BF and I went there for dinner last night and I think it's fair to say, this was my first Cuban experience.  

Of all the Cuban-style milkshakes ($4.95) to try, the guanabana was recommended and it was a fabulous choice!  It was sweet, not overly milky, and a nice finish to my dinner.  The BF tried their version of the  Caipirinha (Cachaca, a Brazilian Rum, simple syrup and limes) $7.95.  

Some buttered press-grilled bread was placed before us in a basket as we perused the menu.  For our aperitivo (appetizer), we tried their Mini Sandwich Cubano $6.95.  It's a smaller version of their Cuban sandwich and it's made with tender roasted pulled pork, sliced ham, cheese, dill pickles and mustard on Cuban bread.  It's then press-grilled and served with mariquitas (fried thin green plaintains) or french fries.  It also comes with a garlic lime dipping sauce.  Don't be foolish and get french fries now, go for the plaintains for sure!  

Thus far, our experience at Havana Grill was garnishing a 4 star and I was excited about our entrees.  

The BF had their Boliche Mechado ($14.95), which is slow-cooked roasted eye of the beef round, stuffed with chorizo (Spanish sausage).  It's served with white rice, black or red beans, or moros.  He had them with moros.  The dish was luke-warm and lacked flavor.  If anything, it had an odd plastic wrap aftertaste that didn't fare well.  Same with the moros.  The BF ended up dousing the whole thing with hot sauce.  (I should mention that the waiter commented that this was his favorite dish, so I can only imagine his horror when we covered the whole thing with hot sauce!)

I tried their version of the Lechon Asado ($14.95), which is leg of pork that is slowly oven-roasted and marinated in a mix of lemon, garlic, lime, orange juice and spices.  There are also onions that are mixed into this dish.  I had this with white rice and red beans.  Although my pork was also luke-warm, it was tender and not dry at all.  It had a lot more flavor that the other dish, although my red beans need some kick as well.

Overall, we were more impressed with our Cuban sandwich than our entrees.  Service was okay.  The waiter did come by often to ask how our meal was, but we did have to request that our water glasses be refilled.  Although they didn't advertise that there was live music on a Wednesday night, apparently there was a group practicing that evening.  It might be too loud to carry on a regular conversation when music is being played.  But then again, we figure we might come back to try out their free salsa lessons and grab some other apertivos instead of doing dinner.  Salsa anyone?

Sidenote: "The Las Vegas Weekly" offers a BOGO free entree coupon (up to $15.00).