I have gone here twice at two different times and days. I've gone on the weekend around 3 and during the weekday in the evening. It was relatively good and cheap. 

The first time I went was on a Sunday during lunch with 4 other friends. We sat outside, because the weather was nice and the street view was pretty. The service was slow even though it wasn't too crowded. Our server was friendly albeit slow. We were given free chips and salsa while we waited, but there was only a small bowl of each placed on the table . The chips were good, but too small for our group. After we had about one chip each we were out of salsa and had to ask for more. When the runner finally arrived with our food the table was almost too small for all of our stuff, but we made it work. The food was hot and looked great. Two of us got the "Build Your Own Combo" with one of each enchilada, burrito, rice, and sweet potato fries. I remember the others ordered the Choripollo Taco Stand, Enchiladas Suizas, and Emiliano's Fajitas. We all enjoyed our food and were very full when we finished. The rice was very good, neither overcooked nor under-cooked, and my burrito and enchilada were your standard pseudo-Mexican fare (super cheesy and yummy). My friends also enjoyed their meals and the reasonably priced mojitos and fishbowl margaritas were tasty.

My second trip there wasn't so great. It was during the weekday and before the dinner time rush so my friend and I were seated outside quickly. Our waitress was not only slow, she was also very clumsy (dropping our menus twice, spilling water and salsa, and bumping into our table). She was friendly enough and repeatedly apologized so we chalked it up to her having a bad day. Again we both got the "Build Your Own Combo." I got the taco, tamale, rice, and sweet potato fries. My friend chose the taco, burrito, soup, beans ,and fries. When the food arrived I swear the plate was hotter than my entree and the cheese was barely melted. The fries were over-cooked, the tamale was too mushy and hard to eat (I literally had to force it down) and my friend said that her taco was one of the grosses she has ever had. The rice was palatable and my friend really enjoyed her soup. The waitress was so slow in bringing our checks that we decided to just pay cash to avoid waiting for her to return our cards. After this experience I have avoided going back.