First off this place has an outstanding view of the valley at night which to me, was better than the food. Our party (5 of us) pulled in around 8:00 tonight, quickly seated and the staff and service is 5 stars, I cant say enough how well the service operates here it flows very efficiently we didn't have to ask for anything. The food was ok, I was hoping for more flavor . The bean dip was pretty good, the salsa wasn't super, it wasn't hot enough and was a little bland, we asked for some hotter and it came out and yes it was hotter but lacked some flavor behind the heat, the chips I thought were a little too cooked, I've had better chips and salsa elsewhere. Main course comes out and like I said it was ok, nothing special, nothing stood out, almost like the chef has no passion or is told to not spice anything up. It came out within 15 mins and was nice and hot. All in all, we would go back for drinks I suppose and for the view, but until their food matches the rest of the establishment I probably wont eat here again. It's a shame because its a beautiful location, well staffed, upscale authentic sort of vibe, but the food just falls short of expectations. 
I have to say this again though, the staff, servers, waiters, are all superior. Excellent service here. Just please get a real chef with passion or do something to fix the bland issue  , that food might pass off as awesome to some of the less traveled/versed public, but I expected better.

Oh yes people in our party said the margaritas were muy bueno, and strong hehe.

On another note, I ordered the a supposed overnight marinated chicken dish in a red sauce. Ok, now its the only dish under chicken that says it is marinated overnight in special seasoning or what have you....Ok, if it was marinated overnight it was marinated in salt water and that's it. It definitely didn't taste like it had a good marinade soak it was tender and juicy but had minimal flavor. So, Lindo, fix that or rephrase that menu item because I'm fairly certain that wasn't marinated at all. About 97.5% sure that it wasn't.