First of all, I want to establish that I love the fact that this venue now exists and I think it's got great ideas overall. The lineup has been phenomenal and non-stop so far and the location is great. I plan on seeing Phantogram as my third show there so far. 
I must also establish, though, that being under 21 at this venue absolutely sucks. First, you're sent to a back entrance after you get your ticket validated at the front entrance where you see people eating great food and having a great time outside. Upon entering through the back, you have three choices: go straight into the Kiddie Corral that makes up 1/4 of the whole crowd area, hang out in the dark bathroom, or check out the merch table. When I saw St. Vincent at Crescent Ballroom, I literally stood in the same spot for 30 minutes just so I could get a decent view of Annie. I couldn't move because it was so crowded and if I did move, the only view I would be able to get would've been the back of the drummer's head. Also, where I was standing, the sound was really distorted since the speakers were right above and in front of us. Everyone was wincing and plugging one of their ears to bear it; It was way too loud at least in that instance. I saw Unknown Mortal Orchestra there a few weeks prior, though, and that sounded pretty great...but the crowd was a lot smaller and thus I wasn't stuck directly in the speaker's line of fire. 
I asked the two security guards at the back entrance 1. What do I do if I want something to drink other than water? and 2. What do I do if I want to get something to eat? To both questions, they answered, "Just flag one of us security guards down, we'll take care of you." What, so I'm going to tell you I want something, you're going to leave your post to get me a menu, wait for me to choose, give my order to the kitchen, and then bring my food to me so I can eat it standing up in the corner of the Kiddie Corral? I don't think that's very logical, personally. 
I just don't understand the logic of the whole map of the place. If you're 21, I would imagine it's a fantastic experience, but I wouldn't know since I'm 18 and not allowed to see more than the upper left corner of the building. Oh, and there's no re-entry even though you're stamped and usually braceleted! It's almost unbearable when the whole place is unceasingly loud and dark and stuffed with people and there is only a corner of available space to merely move in. I pay a good amount to get in to this nice local venue, I would expect to simply be able to get back in if I want to get a breath of fresh air.