After reading Lauren's review, I made it a plan to go to Casa Reynoso.  It was totally worth the trip.

This is one of those restaurants that looks like it's been there longer than the rest of the strip mall.  Tucked in a corner of the complex with a big wooden door, you definitely know this isn't your standard strip mall spot.  The decor is definitely simple.  But that's not really why you're there.  

I totally thought of Lauren's Grandma when that smell hit me on the way in the door.  (See Lauren V's review)  It did similar for me - remembering my neighbor's house.  I loved even walking by the house on a big cooking day.  

Service was ok.  I was definitely assisted by kids of the owners.  He both played host and then sat down to take someone else's order. Actually pulled over a chair.  None of the other wait staff did anything like that so I'm thinking he had nothing to lose.  Chips are made on site though at first I wasn't sure because they look TOO perfect.  TOO triangular. And - they were completely cold when they got to me.  Now I know some folks will just use heaters to keep them warm, but I can't help it - I like warm chips.  The Salsa was simple, and not too hot at all.  It was ok with the chips - but it really hit it's high note when put on the taco!  

Their menu is super simple.  Like 6 combinations, 1 steak, 2 soups, 2 salads (1 of those is "dinner salad") and then ordering a la carte.  That's about it.  So I got a taco/enchilada combo.  It was good, but honestly it was so temperature/hot I couldn't really taste anything until about 10 minutes into the meal.  I know it sounds bizarre, but I'm completely serious!! So I thought it was ok when I started eating, but it wasn't until I was finishing up that it really tasted great.  

Update 5/29/7 - After coming here several more times, I'm downgrading it from a 4* to a 3*.  I've only only had one good server ever.  The food is always fine, but different things I've tried have never been outstanding.  It's like a 3.25 star place to me now.  Fine, maybe a bit better than that, but not by too terribly much.