Chino Bandido is the best of... the best of it's kind. As a restaurant/eatery that fuses chinese, mexican and jamaican all into the same metal dish to-go, Chino Bandido is a unique Phoenician experience. While you will not get any sort of memorable experience from the decor, what you will remember is the intricate coded system of ordering from their enigma-menu, and the way your dish looks when it comes out with mexican beans, jerk chicken, red jade pork, and fried rice. If you love the basic combination of Meat + Rice, this is heaven.

If you want Jamaican jerk chicken and pork fried rice thrown into a burrito - do it.

You can look at the overhead board menu and choose from the basic options, but the real Chino Bandido experience occurs when you take a second to learn the menu code, and create your own combo. Choose two numbers 1-12 as meat, then either black or refried beans, then from a selection of rice - pork, chicken, fried, jerk, spanish - oh, and if you want it just thrown into the metal tin, or prepared as a burrito or quesadilla... Yeah, don't just order the #2. Make something your own.

The space is nearly as large as a school cafeteria and the tables would fit perfectly in that setting. Grab a pen and menu from the ordering counter and sit down with your party while you fill it out neatly and circle the items you want. Hand it over when you order and that's it. They'll decipher the code and bring you your food.

The Chandler location has free WiFi, and you'll see a good number of IT personnel at lunch, sitting with their laptops and 'working'.

The food at Chino Bandido is really good. Especially for how much you get for the low price. There isn't anything like this anywhere else in Phoenix. While some describe this as a 'fusion' of the three types of food, it's honestly not that. Just because you throw them in the same bowl, that doesn't make it fusion. Chino Bandido fulfills cravings, all of them, all at once. Want chinese or mexican or a little jamaican? Right now? Okay! Go here. Although not better than most actual restaurants, Chino Bandido is definitely better than most fast lunch spots. I could seriously eat here everyday for a few months and not have the same dish.

As far as a uniquely Phoenix experience, it is that, but it's not a must. When they start to actually create items and mashing things together... then it'll be a Phoenix Must. Until then, it's just one of the best quick lunches you can get.