I am a frequent customer at Baja Bar & Grill because it is a perfect place to stop for a bite to eat when leaving UNLV.  It is located on the west side of Maryland, so it's easy to get to if you park on UNLV's campus.  It's even a good place to go instead of the library because they have free wi-fi!

The ambience is exactly what you want from a Baja style grill.  There is a selection of about 50 different types of salsas and hot sauces, and there are smart-ass stickers and signs on the wall that say stuff like, "Pleas be patient, I only have two speeds, and I don't think you will like the other", and "Wife and dog missing: reward for dog".  There are about 5 tables and a small little bar to sit at, so it's pretty small.  

The food is solid and consistent.  I've never been blown away by anything on the menu, and I've never been disappointed by anything, either.  I usually get the fish tacos, which are grilled rather than fried, and the carne asada tacos.  The tacos are all served on small corn tortillas with cabbage, tomato, onion, cilantro, and cotija cheese.  The fish usually gets overpowered by the other flavors, but the overall flavor of the tacos are good, and the fish is Tilapia so it doesn't have much flavor to begin with.  I like to use a mix of their house green salsa and a little habanero salsa on the tacos, but you have a variety to choose from with all of their hot sauces.  
The Burritos are also pretty good, my favorite being the fish burrito.  They are a pretty good size and are only around 5 bucks.  
The key at a place like this is to enjoy your food with a Mexican beer.  They have a selection of mexican beers that really change the entire meal.  Fish tacos are great and all, but fish tacos with a cerveza is what life is all about!

The service is friendly, courteous, and perfect for a baja style grill.  The guys behind the counter are always very entertaining, as they love talking to the customers about whatever is going on.  You know the place is gonna be good when you notice a lot of regulars walk in talking to the customers.

If you go on a Monday you can get really cheep beer, if you go on Tuesday you get all tacos for a buck, and if you come on fridays you will get a combination of cheep beer and tacos for a buck.