I waffled back and forth between giving it no stars and then giving it five stars. I'm perplexed by this place. 

Went in on a Saturday evening, it was early and seating was good. My friend and I were led to a table by a stone pillar on the patio. This table, I kid you not, was probably not bigger than two feet square. I mean, SMALL. 

We waited a bit for the waiter to come by, but we weren't in a big hurry. He took our drink orders and then came back with a small (seriously) basket of chips and three different salsas or dips. None of the cups were very full. They all had a different taste, but weren't anything that I wanted to devour. They just sort of sat there and managed to stave off hunger for a bit. 

We ordered a side of guacamole (for $5.99) and it came out really bland. We asked someone to bring us lemons and we added that and salt to make it edible. I really hate when I have to make something taste good with additives. I prefer it to be great from the start. Very small portion also.

When we ordered the guac we also ordered the cheese crisp. I specifically said 'for an appetizer we'd like...' We then proceeded to also order dinner since they really do give you a lot of time before they check back with you. 

So, out comes the cheese crip and our dinners. We told them we wanted the cheese crisp as an appetizer before we ate and then somehow everything disappeared. By the time the cheese crisp reappeared it was greasy and cold. It was okay, but we were disappointed that it wasn't hot because the waiter was running it around the restaurant for some bizarre reason. Also, to anyone not blind you could tell the table was not about to hold more than drinks and a couple of plates and maybe the guac so I have no idea why they brought everything we ordered at once. The table held nothing. Funny thing, too, there was PLENTY of space for bigger tables. I don't know why that one was so small. Ridiculous.

So, we finally tell the waiter that we're ready for dinner (after about 15 minutes of getting our appetizer) and he hauls the plates out just as he'd taken them back. The food had a sheen to it so it was obvious that they just warmed the plates. Just rude service. Don't make a mistake then make me keep paying for it. Cold cheese crisp, warmed over food because you don't listen and take orders correctly. I was getting bent. 

I ordered the blue corn enchiladas with cheese and a fried egg on top. The over-easy egg was genius. It was mouth watering (for being lukewarm). My friend had a combo plate with a taco that looked good, but I was losing my appetite fast. 

Funny enough, the food (outside of the chips/dip/guac) was delicious. We also had drinks (I had the frozen margarita flight of four different kinds) that were out of this world so if they could get their crap together this might be a pretty fantastic place. 

To end this disappointing evening there were kids running like banshees all over the place screaming like toddlers (they had to have been 9 or 10). I mean, seriously? Who doesn't hear that and put an end to it? I don't pay these prices so I have my evening ruined by people who can't control their kids. We hightailed it out of there and went to finish our evening elsewhere. 

I might give this another try, but honestly with the service they provide I'm not sure I'd be willing to pay to be treated like that again. Sadly.