I was so excited to visit Ranch Market, as I never have before. I have been to Food City near my house, which I love, but I heard Ranch Market was like a Food City on steroids.

I was disappointed by a few things...

First the good. It's huge and has every Mexican delicacy you can think of. Awesome bakery, tortilleria, hot foods, huge cheese section, random pig body parts in the cheese section. 

My tummy was growling so I decided to get a bean burrito before I shopped. The people working there were quite disorganized. There were 2 people ahead of me. I person ordered a cup of green chili and the other person ordered a side of rice. Between 3 employees it took 5 minutes to get our three orders out. After getting my burrito, I turn around and my cart with a couple items in it was gone! I seriously turned my back just for 30 seconds. It was obvious it was mine... hmmmm.

Luckily the burrito was delicious. Do not underestimate the power of a good, simple bean burrito. The tortilla was puffy, the beans creamy, the cheese gooey. Yum.

I go get myself another cart and by the time I get to the produce section I realize the handle of my cart is quite sticky. Yuck. Thank God for hand sanitizer in my purse.

Yes, the produce section is huge and has great variety. I saw some childhood favorites there... nopales, jicama, etc. The sale prices on produce were very good. However, the quality of some items were bad. The tomatoes were on sale, but they weren't even ripe. They were pale pink. I didn't even bother. The lemons were mushy and infested with flies. 

The condition of the store in general was run down and dirty. A cooler holding frozen fruit was filthy. The lack of sanitation made me a bit nervous.

Also making me nervous were the many unsupervised children running amok, pulling things off shelves and just creating chaos. I almost accidentally hit a few with my cart. 

Still, I came out of Ranch Market with lots of produce, lots of pork for carnitas, fresh cheeses, fresh tortillas all for under $30. With a delicious bean burrito in my belly. Yep, I call it a good night.