I read the reviews on here and everyone had good things to say so we decided to try this place since it's only a few minutes up the street.  We walk in and it's a very nice simple family looking small mexican restaurant.  It wasn't very busy at all.  We got sat, and someone immediately took our drink order and brought our drinks right away, we received chips and salsa immediately and ordered a small side of quacamole (which was brought out in less then a minute) and had our dinner order taken very quickly.  Everything was fast and great so far.  We received our dinners for the 3 of us in probably 5-7 minutes.  I ordered the enchilada with mole sauce (which was VERY good), my dad ordered the seafood shrimp and crab enchiladas which was rich but very yummy.  Prices were very good too on their menu. Pretty much most of their dinners were right around the $10 range. So for everything I mentioned so far, I'd give this place 4 stars maybe even 5 stars.  But suddenly things completely changed after we received our entrees, (remember the restaurant was not busy at all that night and I think there were only 5 or so other tables dining at the same time as we were)  

So after we received our entrees NO server ever came back to the table, our glasses were completely empty, we couldn't even flag someone down til we were completely done.  We finally got a server to refill our drinks.  He then asked us if we wanted dessert. Dessert seemed a bit pricey and everything was $4.50 (almost half the price of the dinner)  So we decided to get a flan and an order of churros (you had a choice of what kind of filling you wanted too.  The choices were cream, chocolate or strawberry) So we chose the cream.  When it came out, it was a small slice of flan and 1 small churro approx 2 - 3 inches in length and a scoop of ice cream FOR $4.25 
WHAT A RIP OFF!!!!!!!!!!!

So ok we know next time just stick with dinner and no dessert.  So again we are waiting and waiting and NO server, no anybody to come give us our check.  after 5-7 minutes we finally get our check, and we immediately give him our card to pay.  I want you to keep in mind that again this is a small place and we are sitting right next to a small wall divider by the side station where they get drinks and the open kitchen where they are picking up all the food orders.  

After 10 minutes of waiting for our card to be returned, I finally stood up and waived to our server over the wall into the side station and motioned for her to give us our card back so we can pay and leave.  She acknowledged me and then went to the table next to us to greet them and get their drink order. She did not have our card on her and never said anything to us. After another 5 minutes we asked someone else and he finally brought it to us.  I made it very clear to him that dinner was great everything was fast and then the service was horrible and we have literally been starting at the table/wall for 15 minutes just waiting to pay and leave and that is unacceptable.  

So... 4 or 5 stars for food and the speedy service to start with 1 star for the lack of service after our food arrives for an avg of 3 stars.  

Would I go back again??? YES... dinner and the prices are good, I would never order dessert again and I will not tolerate that slow of poor service after the entrees a 2nd time in a row (there was absolutely no reason for it)