3rd time's a charm! First time I went with co-workers for lunch & it was amazing. Food & service were both great so a few weeks later we decided to go for happy hour. I was disappointed by the happy hour menu, not really a place to go for happy hour if you're looking for good deals. I also strayed from the margarita and wasn't happy with the vodka berry drink I got. Server was very accommodating & switched my drink out for margarita. Unfortunately the margarita tasked like sour mix with a drop of tequila. The food tasted like it was almost a completely different restaurant - the Guild Duo we got during lunch was amazing, unlike any other queso I'd ever had...not so much the 2nd time. First time at Taco Guild I got the guild chicken & seasonal veg tacos & they were both delicious. 2nd time Al Pastor & Guild Chicken but it just didn't taste as fresh and there was something else missing that was there the first time.
The other difference was - first time we were seated in main restaurant area which has a really cool vibe but there is this overflow area that is slightly separated from the main restaurant &bar area. The room has 8-12 tables but it absolutely feels separate from main restaurant and when it got busy it felt like our server forgot about us.
My third visit that room was my only complaint. I was the first and only person in that room while I waited for the rest of my party and I felt like an outcast. Everything else about that third visit was spot on. I told the server that last time I was in I wasn't thrilled with my margarita. He convinced me to try the frozen margarita  even after I told him I am not a fan of frozen. 100 times better than the other margaritas on the rocks I had tried the 2nd visit (too bad the frozen margarita isn't on happy hour menu). That same server convinced me not to exclude the blue cheese from the chipotle cherry steak tacos. I hate blue cheese but he was 100% right, there is just something about the combination that makes the blue cheese melt in with everything and enhances the flavor bit not with that typical blue cheese flavor that I'm not a fan of.  Also had pork adovada which was awesome. My guests, out of town consultants I was working with, truly enjoyed taco guild and vowed to be repeat customers when they return in a few weeks for our next set of meetings. They both loved the taco guild version of sangria which I wasn't a fan of but I didn't realize it was supposed to be a version of sangria since there really isn't any wine in it. ( it's berries vodka and something else that definitely isn't wine).
The only other issues I have had at this restaurant is the servers really seem go get confused with table numbers in that back room and servers are very eager to take your order. During second visit we had at least 5 people try to bring us food that wasn't ours. Third and fourth visit servers tried to take our dinner order at least 6 times before we were ready (and 3 or 4 of those times were before we had our appetizers). Then  when we were ready to order our server was no where to be found. If they can figure that part out this is easily a 4 or 5 star review. Maybe I'll be able to update in 3 weeks when my office moves & Taco Guild becomes an after work meeting place!

 *CHIPOTLE CHERRY steak poblano straws, chile aïoli, Bleu cheese. 4.95
PORK ADOVADA mango jicama relish, avocado,
cilantro. 3.95
AL PASTOR PORK grilled pineapple, jalapeño bacon, pickled red onion. 3.95
GUILD CHICKEN annatto-braised chicken, grilled corn, red bean pico, avocado, Cotija cheese. 3.95
GRILLED SEASONAL VEGETABLE fire-roasted peppers, roasted jalapeño hummus, Cotija cheese. 3.95