Anyone who's read my reviews of Mexican restaurants knows that I judge a Mexican restaurant, first, by how they make Chile Relleno... AND then anything else they might have.

My first impression of Lindo Michoacan was that this restaurant does not take Chile Relleno seriously, as the establishment serves it only as an ala-carte item or as an item included within their combination dishes. There are NO entrees with Chile Relleno by itself.... the waiter recommended that I order a couple of Chile Rellenos and just make my own entree... He just does not see the difference!

Chips & Salsa - Large crispy and warm tortilla ccrn chips. Very tasty and appetizing Bean Dip and a Red Chili Salsa concoction. FYI: my kids told me to take it easy on the Chips and Salsa during Lunch, as Lindo Michoacan charges customers at Lunch for extra Chips and Salsa! WTF!!!!

Chili Relleno - Abover average size Chile, but immersed in a very watery, very watery sauce. Relleno disintegrated while it was just sitting there! Ttalking to my Hispanic friends in California, I found out that Relleno are a very difficult item to make...  but Rellenos are also a staple of any Hispanic restaurant.

Camarones Ranchero - Immersed in a watery Ranchero sauce that was reminiscent of the Chile Relleno sauce.... coulda been the same sauce! For $16 the pricing is just way too much money for the below average preparation. There is NOTHING innovative about the recipe for this Shrimp in Ranchero Sauce entree that would justify the high price! Lindo Michoacan should apologize to every customer before seating them on their high prices and below average quality. 

Tortillas - Hand-made, home-made flour tortillas.  Besides the Chips and Salsa, the best part of the Lindo Michoacan experience.

I'll temper my two star rating with my kids' above average ratings. They love this Mexican restaurant for some reason. The positives of the home-made Tortillas and the Chips & Salsa does not offset the negatives of watery sauces that smother the Chile Relleno and Camarones Ranchero compounded by the very high prices and below-average service.