Seeing all the five star reviews here and seeing the food on Triple D I was intrigued.  Then to find out they had $1 tacos and $3 margaritas for HH I knew I just had to come in and try this spot. This particular location has been many things over the years and when I saw a place with such a strong backing went into that location I had great hopes for fabulousness.

We entered Los Taquitos and just stood at the front for a few seconds as two employees (I think, one for sure as she was behind the bar, the other-not sure based on her booty short attire) looked at us before returning to their conversation.  Clearly I would have to be the one to say something so I asked if happy hour was in the whole restaurant or just the bar area.  I was told to sit wherever I wanted for happy hour.  Not being told anything else such as, you order over there, or someone will be right with you, my party sat down. 

Someone (a third woman) came up and asked if we had been here before.  We stated that it was our first time, she told us at this time that we were to order at the front and then eat wherever we wanted.  IaApologized (why was it me that was saying sorry?!) that we didn't know, we were new to the eatery and no one had told us so when we walked in and asked about HH).  She told us we could take some time to look at the menu, but if we wanted to start with some chips and salsa we could get those now.  We said sure.  

The chips were kind of stale, maybe left over from lunch.  2 salsas came in ketchup squeeze bottles and were warm.  They were good in flavor, but presentation and use were a little rough.  One had to very, very, gingerly squeeze the bottle in order to not be covered in the fast flowing salsas.  Also with our chips came a 4 oz to-go ramekin of guac.  The guac had nice flavor, and I thought it was cool that the chips came with guac  (my pleasure was soon dwindled when we paid).

We ordered our food, 6 tacos and 2 margaritas and paid.  We sat down to get back to our chips while waiting for food.  I thought I'd heard the total wrong because something didn't seem to add up.  As we were ordering I heard one of the other women there tell a family that during happy hour chips and salsa were only a dollar, so I then found out we had been charged for it.  No biggie (would have been nice to be told as such considering more often than not it is included in the price), but having now realized this was not a sit down place I figured whatever, and a dollar was a good deal.  But as we sat waiting, I realized something on the price even with tax still seemed wrong.  I looked at the receipt to find out we had been charged $4 for chips and guac.  Awesome! Considering we said we would like chips and salsa, never said guac and were never told that it was not included... now I find out it cost more than the margarita....  Would have spoken up, but we had already begun eating the guac and that is just poor form to ask not to pay for something you were enjoying.  (Just as poor of form to not tell a guest who you knew had no clue how ordering went at your place of business that the chips that were offered were not included in the price....whatever)

So I sit there slowly eating my chips and my 3 tacos arrive.   The rest of my party did not get their tacos, I figured that someone would be following right out with them......WRONG.  Five minutes later we had to go up to the front to ask where the rest of our food was.  Another 5 minutes later the rest of the food was out, and I begun eating my now cold tacos.  No one came by while we were eating to see how things were, to say sorry your orders came out 10 minutes apart and we didn't even realize we forgot the rest of your food, nothing.  There were only a couple other customers there, so busy was not an excuse.

The tacos were tasty and they were stuffed to the gills with filling, which was refreshing to see.  The pollo was a little bland, but nothing that communal squeeze tubes of salsa couldn't fix.  The carnitas were tender and awesome.  The Pastor was a little spicier than I expected, good spicy, but I wish I had ate it last because everything else had its flavor after that.

The margaritas were ok.  I applaud them on the fresh taste, agave nectar makes a difference.  However, the non-lightweight in me was left wishing it packed more of a kick.  They could definitely stand to use different ice cubes.  The cubes were the hard tubes, which is great for them because it fills the small (8-10 oz maybe) glass well so less product goes in, but it makes for a fast drinking cocktail.


I really, really wanted to love this place.  There is a serious lacking in decently priced FRESH Mexican food places here in Phx.  The food itself was tasty, and you for sure got your money worth in tacos, so for that I would of given it more stars, but the service issues brought the stars way down (service alone would have been 1 1/2 stars).

Maybe for call in take out, I could still love you. Maybe.