I finally tried out JFF! The parking lot was packed when we arrived, so I worried we might have to wait long for a table. Nope! Just a couple minute wait and we were on our way. Soon chips, salsa and bean dip were at our table. They also brought a side of grilled veggies! The salsa was alright, but could have been thicker for my preference. The bean dip was very good as were the chips. Our server mentioned they have excellent guacamole made table-side. The guac sounded good and I would be the only one trying it so, I asked for the small side priced at $3.95 on the menu. The small side of guacamole was not made table-side so I didn't get to choose any of the ingredients that went into the guac. It was just brought to the table already prepared. I didn't like it at all. it was just bland mashed avocados with way to many tomatoes in it. I would have liked some onion, jalapeno, salt and maybe even some lime, but I wasn't offered any. The kicker for me was when my food arrived and there was about the same amount of the same exact bland guacamole on my plate that I paid extra for prior. Had I known, I wouldn't have ordered the other, but the server also said it would be made table-side and to my customization.

My friend and I ordered "Combo Fajitas For Two" priced at $25.95 with beef and pork. This comes with a cup of "Fideo Soup" that is out of this world yummy. The soup really packed some delicious flavor. One thing that impressed me here is that a lot of the time when you order fajitas somewhere it usually is just meat and tortillas, but they actually gave a small side of sour cream, bland guacamole, pico de gallo and you can choose flour or corn tortillas. The meal also came with rice and beans that were very good. The fajitas were so-so for me. The meat is thicker than I am used to and was a bit tough and the bell peppers were still to raw and not cooked enough. My hubby ordered his own combo plate that had Chile Relleno and a Cheese Enchilada and thought it was good, but nothing to write home about. There were major hits and misses with the whole meal. Our server was very friendly and checked on us often. It was worth at least giving it a try! Will I come back? Not anytime soon, but I can see giving JFF another shot at some point maybe with a coupon.

When you walk in the dining area is on the right and there is a cantina towards the left. Happy Hour is 7 days a week from 3 pm - 7 pm.