Pretty tasty food, fun environment, really odd experience overall.

So this was my first trip to Joyride Taco House, and it was a rather odd experience, service-wise. I'll get to that after mentioning the food first.

The setting is pretty fun. It's right in the middle of Gilbert's "main street". The big side doors open for a nice open, airy experience. When the weather is nice, it's a perfect setting.

The chips and salsa came out first. These chips are better than most out there--a little thick, with some good flavor. And the salsa, though not particularly spicy, is really good stuff. My date told me that the guacamole is excellent--I'll have to try it another time.

We shared the chicken burrito and a couple of tacos--the pork adovada and the chicken. The burrito was excellent! There are a ton of items in that burrito, and the combination of all of them was really good. The sauce provided added some nice extra flavor as well. I must say that quantity-wise, this is a pretty small burrito. If I ordered this as my full meal, I'd probably have been a bit disappointed. Fortunately, I had 2 other tacos. The tacos were decent. The pork was disappointingly bland, though. I'm not sure what happened with it, but it just didn't do it for me. The chicken was really solid. I'll come back to try some of the other tacos.

So the odd part of the experience. We sat at the table for over 3 hours, and not a single person ever asked us if we wanted our check. Now, this normally would be grounds for a really low rating in my book, but I am considering the situation in its entirety. We were having a lot of fun talking, and that was likely apparent to others. Maybe they were just respecting our having a conversation. But still, not a single person asked us if we wanted our check, and at some point, they seemed to completely forget about us. We'd have left earlier if somebody had come and asked us, but because nobody did and we weren't in a rush, we just kept talking. When we finally had to leave, I walked up to the bar, because we couldn't find our server. A manager saw me and asked me if I wanted the check. So we got it and finally left.

Good food, good setting. And I'll give the service another chance in the future.