I feel like I need to visit this place a 2nd time to give it a good sound review but I really don't know when I would get an urge to come back again. I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and although it's only 5 minutes from my home, it has taken me at least a year to finally make the trip. It might be because I've pretty much given hope on Mexican food in Las Vegas and rather just wait till my trips back to Texas to satisfy my cravings. Well unfortunately Juan's Flaming Fajitas has not changed my outlook on Mexican food in this city.

They provide salsa and refried beans with a basket of chips for you to snack on while you wait. I really liked the salsa but I wish it was a bit more spicier. Or just spicy in general. Kudos to them for being on point with switching out our baskets as we were close to running low on chips. 

I think these places are smart to provide free chips and salsa because it almost makes you lose track of time of how long your food is getting to the table while you're snacking away, this trickery didn't work on our party though! It took quite some time for us to finally get our food and when it did, 2 of the 4 dishes were already cold leaving it unappetizing -- cold burrito with hardened cheese and soggy fries in the middle? No thanks. 2 of the dishes down, and leaving one of our friends running to the restroom right away. Yikes.

Luckily I was on the (somewhat) winning side of the order. I ordered the Taco Salad which wasn't bad, but how do you really mess up a taco salad anyway? And it sitting out too long doesn't affect it too much, only made my lettuce a little wilted but didn't completely ruin my meal. My friend ordered the fajitas and although it's pretty cool they have it at high flames next to your table, I honestly think it's just for show and does nothing really special for the dish itself other than warm it up again. They then place this giant cauldron with the fajitas sitting on top of it in front of you, taking a large amount of space with little room left for the other people at the table or even (large) side dishes like your beans and rice. 

The prices weren't terrible and it seemed as clean as it could be. I don't think this place is an ultimate failure, we just didn't have the best first experience. Sadly it's the first impressions that matter the most right? So I have to confidently say that it will be quite some time till I feel I can go at this again.