I went to the Mission with a group of 7 girls. We were a large group but since it was restaurant week, we thought it would not be too complicated for us all to enjoy a great meal with no issues. 

The decor of this place is beautiful! It is so cool and so hip! I loved it but keep it mind it is pretty dark. There is a great little patio in the front of the restaurant, a bar with some seating available, and a small to medium sized main dining room. 

The restaurant week menu was very enticing and I was immediately drawn to the Ahi Tuna appetizer, halibut entree, and churro expresso dessert. Unfortunately, they were out of the Tuna (which our server did not tell us until we were all ready to order. I ended up getting the pork belly salad which was yummy but we were a little annoyed we were not told up front that the restaurant week menu was limited. But no big deal, not the end of the world. We all ordered and were enjoying our cocktails when the waiter came back and said the kitchen only had two halibuts left and three of us had ordered it. It was disheartening to change my order yet again. I ended up ordering the filet. To be fair, it was amazing. Whatever they put in it rub seasoning was fantastic! I just had my heart set on the tuna and the halibut. (I have been studying the menu on-line days in advance!) The three desserts: expresso churro, fried bananas, and pumpkin bread pudding were all OK, nothing spectacular. We did get a free mini margarita with our meal but I am pretty sure there was no alcohol in it. 

The staff was very polite and the place was packed. It was overall a great time but I have to go with 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 because I was forced to order things that I was not intending on having. They should be pretty stocked up considering how popular restaurant week is. Additionally, if they were out of something, it would have been nice if they could have offered an alternative third app. 

I would go back because it was a great location, nice staff, cool place, and really good steak!