My Uncle and Cousin were in town for a trade-show, and I met up with them to give a quick tour and grab some late lunch before their flight back to California.  I was going to take them to Bouchon, but only the Oyster Bar was opened at that time of the day.

Anyway, I enjoyed the appetizer we ordered: Queso Fundido - their exclusive blend of cheeses, manchego, asadero, monterrey jack & cilantro, melted in a cazuela (cast iron dish) & served w/ fresh hand made flour tortillas.  The cheese blend was alright (not great and not terrible) but the homemade flour tortillas were really good (which was almost like a fresh out of the oven pita bread-ish thin puck of yumminess).

I also ordered their "Santa Rosa Barbacoa de Puerco" - Marinated pork slowly roasted in a banana leaf, served with cilantro rice, black beans & a chipotle barbecue sauce.  
The pork was definitely very tender and went well with the chipotle sauce. The combination of the beans, pork, sauce and cilantro rice in one bite was superb. 

Only thing that can make this better is the plate presentation, because it looks like the presentation style of your average Mexican fare (from taco trucks to mom & pop diners).

Would I order this again? Yes.

What didn't impressed me was the dessert that my cousin ordered, which was the "Corn Crème Brûlée" - sweet corn custard with seasonal fruits. It was your average crème brûlée that pretty much any pastry arts student can prepare after taking a Baking class in any of the local culinary programs.  And the "seasonal fruits" is one single solitary raspberry covered up by a sprig of mint. (A+ for driving down your food cost on this item)

In summary, the food we ordered for the most part were tasty (of course I didn't tried their tacos, which seems to have a few negative reviews), the service we received was good, plate presentation is definitely not going to win any medals or awards, perceived value for the meal and experience is average.

Would I come back for more?  Yes. But I will for sure skip their dessert offerings and head over to Bouchon Bakery.