In sum they provide a crisp and refreshing take on Mexican. Not that the 'burgh is lacking for Mexican joints to frequent but none of them offer an upscale twist. 

I have to say- what amazing food this place must truly have that I am overlooking major hurdles. 

The first, we dined here when they first opened. As most new establishments run into kinks that needed worked out this place was no different. The fire alarms were going off non stop, throughout our entire meal. It was distracting, unpleasant, and annoying. But that is why I waited a bit to write the review to make sure I could focus more on the food and not the ear blasting noises and flashing strobe lights. I did not take off a star for that experience. Besides, they did provide a free shot of tequila for everyone as a piece offering. I took the bribe!

Why then did they lose two stars? The appetizer. We ordered the flatas: fried tortillas laden with juicy smoked chicken, fresh polano slaw and fresh crema. Seriously, eating this I was in molecular gastronomy utopia. Then, I taken back as I bit into my next bite. No, I literally bit on a piece of chicken bone. Not a small piece either. Sharp enough that if I did not catch it while biting into the flauta it may not have been a pretty sight. Why did I not freak out or bring it to anyone's attention. Well to be honest, between the noises of the fire alarm, the flashing lights from the alarm, the presence of fireman- I could not even talk with my husband who was sitting directly next to me without screaming let alone talk with our waiter. I let it go. Bones happen and fortunately I was not harmed. Its obviously fresh- and everything tasted great. I pray the bone sharing occurs far and few between. Else I shall dub them the Bone Collectors =)

I ordered the grilled tequila steak and chicken enchiladas. Fortunately, no bones were to found in the entree portion of the chicken. My steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The cheese sauces, the crema, I was in condiment heaven!

I plan to return sometime and will try non-chicken items. Not that I am fearful of the chicken but there are other dishes worth trying call it a mitigated risk. Besides, I live two blocks away. Its a great location for me. I plan to give their brunch a whirl sometime.