You all knew it was coming down the bend eventually... El Jefe must review El Hefe. 

~Fud/Drink~
I have not eaten here yet. It to me, looks like pizzaz filled gringo-ized Mexican that you'd come to expect at a douchey bar started up by bro's from Scottsdale. Just skimming through the menu it just exemplifies how many horrible Mexican food options we actually have here in Arizona. Its like all the American-Style Chinese places around each corner, same-ol-same-ol. 

With that said, the drinks were tasty. I had two separate margaritas here, the best being the House Margarita. I enjoyed the flavors which were balanced between sweetness, crispness, and booziness. I do not enjoy paying $12 however, for a margarita...If I want to spike up my hair, get my surfer voice on, pop my collar and head down to a bangin' club in Scottsdale, now we're talking. But here, on Mill? Nope, I'd rather go to a couple other places for that type of coin. But then again, flavors mixed well...

~Atmosphere/Service~
The atmosphere is what earns this place the bulk of its stars. It transitions better than the bulk of restaurants I have seen: From a day-bar, to a lunch spot, into a pre-club spot, and finally into a full-out nightclub. Good for them, the chameleon thing works really well. I happened to enjoy the latter two versions quite well with a few of my friends, with music blaring loud as can be into the heat of the night just a few weeks back. The DJ was no slouch, dropping some good mixes and allowing the booze to influence my white boy dance moves well.  

Service is quite poor here, however. All of the girls are just there for eye-candy. They dance on top of the bar and seating areas once it transitions into a nightclub, and seem to not fully care that this is their job during the other portions of the night. One of the girls tending for me literally was on her phone, looked up at me and smiled as I looked onward asking for another, and then back down at her phone. About 15 seconds later she said she was sorry and got caught up with a friend, and then made me my drink. That's so lame, and exactly the type of service you expect from this place. No suggestions should be asked for, just don't do it...I doubt they really know their own menu quite well.

~The Downlow/Extras~
No extras...reall simply put: Did you see how there are pros and cons to everything here? It's give and take, and I should not need to expect that from a place where I am spending a good amount of money. Plus, they spelled Jefe wrong....I mean, you are in Arizona, spell it right. This place tries to be The Boss, but they are barely that. They get 2 stars for the nightlife atmosphere and a  1/2 star which is rounded up for solid drinks. They lose a star for shit service and an over-priced douche menu. Would I go back? Yes...but that's after I have had a bunch elsewhere and then walk on in here to enjoy maybe one drink and the DJ music. Otherwise I will leave this for stupid ASU frat boys who can't get their oversized skateboard out to the Scottsdale location.