My wife and I went to try this place recently while we were on vacation during the month of June 2014. I'm a fan of the Jim Rome show and he raved about it on his radio show one recent morning so I figured I'd give it a try since I'd be coming out to Las Vegas.
We ordered guacamole for the appetizer, the "mole poblano and carne tampiquena" for dinner. For drinks we had a couple of margaritas. I can't remember the actual name but they were made with some sort of top shelf tequila. 
The ambiance was very dark but classy. It wasn't as busy as I thought it would be so this was nice. It was a Tuesday evening around 9pm when we arrived. The music over head was upbeat in English and Spanish and not to loud so that was a plus. The waiter was very attentive and talkative. He was very personable with us. 
The guacamole appetizer was a decent portion and garnished decoratively with chips. However, it lacked flavor. I'm not a fan of salt but I needed to add some to give it more flavor than the soft avocado taste and light cheese sprinkled on. I must be used to seeing and tasting other spices and things (onion, tomato, cilantro, etc.) on guacamole so not seeing this I was a little surprised. 
The margarita was decent. But not worth the price. I've had better margaritas at half the cost. If you are ever in Stockton Ca you should try Arroyos Cafe. They make good strong and flavorful margaritas.
The mole was really good. The sauce was thick, dark and not runny with very good flavorful spices. It had a good bite in the end. Not spicy. Just made well with a variety of spices to give it that good mole flavor. No salt needed here. Unfortunately the rest of the items that were part of the meal were not so special. They were just ok and are not worthy of a recommendation.
The waiter offered us a complimentary "flan" desert for our anniversary so we decided to try it. That too unfortunately lacked flavor. It needed more sauce because it was rather dry and the syrup was not very sweet in flavor. I guess if I had to describe this experience in one word I would have to say "bland".
For two people it was $125 including the tip. It's Las Vegas so what do you expect. That's what I figured based on a few reviews I read before coming to dine here. I don't mind paying for a good meal but if Mexican food is what you're craving, I would recommend looking at other options before settling to dine here. If you're ever in Sacramento, I would recommend Zocalo in mid-town Sacramento for Mexican fine dining. 
I read this establishment started in Southern California so if any of my SoCal trips in the future bring me near Javier's in SoCal, I would give it another try just because I want to make sure I give it a fair chance.