I'm weirdly disappointed in Las Velas. The only reason they got even 3 stars was because my drinks were strong both times. That is really the only reason. My first foray into true downtown happy hour went well enough. It was a mid-week evening and a friend met me here for a few drinks. It's literally right around the corner from my office. 

The interior is gorgeous. Upstairs, great view of Market Square, a mix of rustic and hip interior. On the first trip the bartender was friendly enough but still not really attentive. He never once asked if I'd like another drink or if I liked the drinks he made me.

I hate saying this so often in my reviews, but I've also been around and been undeniably ME long enough to know that my appearance isn't always what restaurants are used to or wanting in their establishment. It's not uncommon for me to get a cold shoulder in my ratty ragtag stitched up, patched over hoodie. It sucks but it's true, and often it dictates my service. 

This second time though was almost unreal. It was Light Up night so I know this could have had something to do with it, if it hadn't been for the previous happy hour's issues.  I showed up prior to the crowds. Ambled over to the bar and while standing there about to take off my messenger bag and I was nearly knocked over by what I assume was a waiter there, or a host who seats people. I turned to see who had almost plowed me over and he turned at the same time and just stared at me. No "excuse me" or "I'm sorry." Nothing.

I sat down at the bar and it was at least 10 minutes before the bartender stopped talking to the female bartender and other staff. When he finally came over the conversation went like this...

Me: "It's not happy hour yet, huh?"
Bartender: "Nope not until 5pm."

That would imply it would be happy hour at 5pm, right? Am I crazy? No signs saying it's not going to be happy hour on Light Up Night, nothing from the bartender about it. Nothing.

After two drinks that I literally had to WORK to get from the bartender. My friend, my sister, and I wanted to sit down at a table. Our friend was riding her bike over from her job in the strip. I went to the hostess to get a table. I was told they couldn't seat us at any of the 10 + empty tables until our friend got there. I realize this is commonplace at a lot of restaurants, but it was off putting none the less since 3 people can't be seated at a 2 person table so the only other option was A TABLE THAT SEATS FOUR PEOPLE. Geeze Louise. 

So besides not ever being seated, not ever having eye contact made with me, prompt or friendly service, or a chance to try the food... I guess I'll give it another try on a less busy night. 3rd strike and you're out though, Las Velas.