First of all, as you can tell by my pic, I'm a latina, mexican to be exact, so when it comes to mexican food, no one beats grandma or mom's cooking.  I've yet to find AMAZING mexican food in Las Vegas which is pretty damn disappointing.  Casa Don Juan is near my downtown office so I've been several times.  Here's a little rundown as I've tried several things on the menu-

Chips and Salsa- the colorful dressed waitstaff bring out chips and salsa with black beans which is pretty awesome. Bonus points for the black beans fo sho!   Add a margarita on the rocks (with salt of course, hey, I said I was mexican. lol) and BAM!  You have one of my favorite snacks/appetizers.

Guacamole- I'm suuuper picky with my guacamole and pride myself on making the best.  Meh.  Enough said.

Caldo- for you gringos, that means soup.  Probably my favorite thing at Casa.  Served with homemade tortillas. Its pretty amazeballs!!!  Damn I wish I had some for breakfast right now. Big bowl with veggies, beef, and spice filled broth that is out of this world!  Most people sprinkle the top with fresh onions, cilantro, and lime. I hold the onions, but wow, definitely a tasty filling meal!

Tacos- unlike that disgusting place down the road Macayos, Casa's taco shells are homemade.  Filled with shredded chicken (or beef), lettuce and tomato...BOMB.

Enchiladas- pretty gross.  the sauce is runny and just doesn't have a good taste.  Actually their enchiladas get a big fat "D-."  The only thing worse than Casa's enchiladas are when people make enchiladas with FLOUR tortillas instead of corn.  WHAAAAT??  Fail.

Chile Relleno- ugh, I hate when a place messes up a chile relleno. Its pretty filling, cheese is just right, but the awful sauce they suffocate that poor chile with is pure caca. See my above review on enchiladas.

Rice and beans- pretty impressive!  I'm probably the most picky when it comes to these two sides and I have to say, they're almost perfect.

Margaritas- awesome!  They get an extra star for their tasty drinks.  The only time I crave a margarita is with my chips and salsa, but these are done RIGHT. I also request a better tequila because tequila makes me SUPER feisty! I Know my limits. lol.

Service- always very fast and not to toot my own horn but the owner likes a pretty lady so yeah, I always get seated very fast.  Just saying because its so obvious! lol.  

Prices- they've upped their prices over the last few years, so their specials are the way to go if you're trying to keep the cost down.  For good mexican I'll pay more, just not sure if this place is completely worth it.  

Overall Casa Don Juan is decent.  I'm always up for suggestions on great mexican food.  I want AUTHENTIC.  No more messing around for this little mexi.