We're here to judge mostly on the food itself, so that's why I'm giving 3 stars (otherwise I might do 2). Overall, pretty much everything we ordered was on the level of pretty good to really good. I had the mole game hen - the mole was tasty (although I'm confused why they used such a small bird basically whole on a dish where the sauce is the main component - either break down the bird or use larger pieces of chicken. It's about the sauce!). We ordered a number of appetizers, tacos, entrees, etc, and pretty much everything was good. The one exception was the Tacos al Pastor, which were not good at all. Tacos al pastor is my barometer for mexican joints, and this one totally failed; it was drenched in hot sauce and the marinade for the overcooked pork was just not good. Oh and they used pineapple out of a can.

There were a number of stumbling blocks that unfortunately seem institutionalized and not just a one-night fluke kind of thing. For example, I tried to order the Cochinita Pibil - the very first thing on the menu and an item with a "try this" next to it - early on a Saturday night, and they were out. How are you out of one of your main dishes at the beginning of a Saturday night??? 

Now on to the real critique - margaritas and tequila. First of all, our waiter tried to talk us into a really expensive tequila to use in the margaritas. I get it, they want you to buy it, but come on, what's the point in really pushing us? We're not drinking it straight, the tequila doesn't have to be great.

But I could get over that if it weren't for the sheer lack of tequila overall that they use. Our waiter informed us that they use 5 shots of tequila (you only pay for four though!) in a pitcher of margaritas (6-7 glasses). That's right, for $32, you get 7 margaritas that have less than a shot of tequila each! Let's do the math: 5 / 7 = 0.71 shots per glass. 0.71 x 1.5 oz per shot x 40% alc = 0.43 oz pure alc per glass. 0.43 / 8 total oz = 5.4% alcohol! Let me repeat that, for $32 you get a pitcher of margaritas that has BARELY MORE ALCOHOL THAN BUDWEISER (5% ABV). A true margarita should have 12-20% alcohol. What the deal here?

Overall, the food is pretty decent, except the tacos. Just don't waste your time drinking.