I am totally a fan of Cafe Rio's food! However, I've noticed at every location I have visited, the customer service is lacking. For example, I just came in after my class at UNLV and only 2 gentlemen who were together were in front of me. There was maybe 2 tables full in the entire restaurant so it was not busy by any means. There was a huge catering order sitting on a couple tables, but there were plenty of employees around. Anyway, I walk right up to the ordering counter since the two guys were in the middle of their order and I overhear an employee tell them that they do not have pork. The employee maybe said sorry, but I honestly don't know. The two guys made a not funny joke about "who's getting fired for this?" because the pork is apparently all they come in for and it was obviously devastating for their dramatic selves. So, the employee just tries half-heartedly to make light of the situation and offers to give them the remaining pork and half of another meat. Now I have no idea what Cafe Rio's policy is on running out of items and what to do if that occurs, but if I was that customer I would be really bummed and would hope they would give me a free drink or like 10% off. Anything small just to make amends because I know I always go here for my shredded chicken salad and am not about to spend an extra $1 for grilled chicken if they were out of shredded. Fast forward to my order being completed with no hiccups. I am at the register and overheard from the employee who offered the half pork deal that the cashier was the manager. She was not what I expected a manager to be by any means. She wasn't rude or anything like that, but the customer service was not there even when I used a free meal card from my birthday! It seemed like she was just going through the motions and didn't care about me as the customer and a loyal customer at that. Ultimately, my order was perfect EXCEPT there was no cheese on my tortilla. I asked for it on the side which they did, but I never have to ask for cheese on my tortilla at other locations and this location didn't ask so I assumed it would be there. It's such a little thing, but it helps "make my meal a masterpiece" as they like to say so I was bummed when it wasn't there. I will totally return for the food despite my lack of cheese and customer service, but if customer service goes down any more than my standard, then the food isn't worth it. Also, where is the Southwest Limeade at this location?