This review is for their weekend brunch menu.

The Skinny: although there is large variety of dishes (we tried alot of them), there were only 2 dishes I thought I would ever want again (2.5) service: prompt/friendly and helpful(4) value: love the brunch tapas concept and the service - if only the food was as good (3).

We were intrigued by the new brunch being offered by Pink Taco so we decided to hit the joint with 2 pals in tow. For $24.99 you can order anything food item off their brunch menu and it comes to the table, tapas style. The whole table must get this because of the way they serve their brunch. The food is cooked a la minute which is great - no brunch items underneath heating lamps and warmed trays! Drinks are not included in this price. They do have all-you-can-drink specials of bottomless mimosa or "donkey punch" for $9.99.

We were seated promptly and our waitress was helpful in suggesting which dishes to try. As we were waiting for the last of our party to come, they brought out a nice little bread basket with warm fry bread in it and a small bowl of fruit sprinkled with coconut.

It is hard to give a full description of all the food we ordered because we tried at least 15 small plates amongst the four of us. To be honest, I would not order the majority of the things we tried again.

The highlights:

Cold dishes
The ceviche was rather bland and the seafood was texturally tough. The tequila salmon gravlax was cut very thickly (again bland) and served with tortilla chips which didn't really make sense to me.

Hot dishes
The mushroom churros did not taste at all like mushrooms - if you approached it as a plan ol' churro, it tasted okay. The spiced maple pork belly was a little too fatty  but tasted alright. The lobster quesadilla was really skimpy on the lobster and was bland. Chicken and waffles were texturally soggy and not good at all. The blue corn pancakes were really ho-hum. Bacon jalapenos were okay. The chicken tortas were underseasoned. Sweet corn tamales were too firm for my tastes although it tasted fine. Angry dogs were not so angry - the bread was too firm and the chorizo was relatively boring. Signature pink taco was okay but nothing to  call home about. The carnitas hash was okay but nothing special.

The best two dishes were the carne asadas and the plantain french toast. The carne asadas were nice and tender while the plantain/coconut hash really complimented the dish. The plantain french toast was really wonderful - loved the softness of the bread with the crispy surface.

The ingredients/presentation of our dishes were good - if only the execution matched it. If I were to go again, I would probably save myself some money and stick to the carne asadas or the french toast. I definitely do not feel the need to do the $24.99 brunch menu special again. It's with a heavy heart I give this joint a 3-starred review.