I was super excited to celebrate Cinco de Mayo here!! We had head about some specials they were having for the weekend and the one that made my mouth water was the Pop a Rita! I margarita with a Popsicle... Umm yes please! $5 for the Cinco de Mayo specials... Absolutely!! I read that the specials were only available on the patio, that's cool, I love sitting on the patio. 

When I got there I put our name on the wait list for the patio and was told 20 minutes. It was only about 15 mixtures. We were a party of three were she sat us at a table barely set, and for only two people at that. 'Oh, there's there?' Umm yep, told you three and three of us walked out together. 

They had a mariachi band playing when we sat down which was awesome entertainment for the day! We waited what seemed to be forever for a server to acknowledge us. I later learned the server that walked by us several times and ignored us ended up be our server. Ugh, you couldn't have said 'Be with you in a minute'? Serving 101. 

Anyway, he did warn us the bar was running slow, no biggie, we enjoyed each other's company, until he completely lacked on his job. I was so irritated! Slow, un-personable, when he finally came to get our food order he literally just came to the table and waited for us to say something. Uh 'Hi are you ready, what can I get you, what looks good' would have all been acceptable things to say. To be fair, it wasn't entirely his fault, he seemed to be the only server on the patio!! HELLO!!! You offered patio specials for Cinco de Mayo weekend!! Staff up!!! But he could have totally made the best of it and get our asses drunk and no one would have cared his service sucked! Pretty sure we were to get chips and salsa, well we didn't so I couldn't tell you how those would have been. 

So the three stars are for the food and value. The food was really good! Warm and cold quickly, but it was still good. They have several enchilada options that are "healthier" options, I couldn't decide which I wanted to try! I had an artichoke and avocado enchilada! Yum! It made great leftovers, which I love!! And the prices are pretty reasonable. 

I would try this again, maybe for their happy hour specials, which look pretty good. But from my experience and obviously other Yelpers, my service standards will need to be lowered in order to enjoy myself. We'll see if I can actually do that.