Not the best experience for at this chain of restaurants. It was our first time back to Richardson's new building and we were there for lunch. It looks just the same on the inside, complete with the horrible step up as you head left after entering the restaurant. C'mon guys, you couldn't have put in a ramp? Two people tripped on that step as we were having our brunch. We were at the first table as you walk in to the left, right next the the fireplace. Unfortunately, I don't think they had the thing set up right because we were blown with ash at one point. 

We got the eggs benedict jalapeno to share because the plates are usually so large. It was plenty of food, but not stellar. The english muffin was cut so the bottom was so thin that it got soggy and flimsy with the jalapeno hollandaise. The meat was supposed to be pork loin, but we were served a big piece of thin ham. Yes, I understand pork and ham are the same animal, but what we got was not pork loin. It was a much cheaper version. For $15 I was not happy. I was happy we didn't each order a dish and get completely ripped off. 

The service was not great but I chalked it up to our waitress not having a good day. She came by after we waited nearly 10 minutes to get our drink order and we tried to put in our food order, but she walked away as we trying to say "and then...". She also refilled my coffee without asking if I'd like more (my personal pet peeve). I just hate it when the automatically pour in more coffee when my cup isn't even half empty. I have the sugar/cream proportion perfectly set to my taste and you just threw it off because you swooped in and didn't ask. Grrr. She did this twice. I had food in my mouth the second time and don't like to throw up a hand (I think it's rude). Grrrrrrr. 

Last oddity was the fact that the charge shows up as "burningembers". I couldn't figure it out for a few minutes before it finally hit me. You know, because they keep burning down their restaurants. Bet their insurance is a doosey.