Reading all these reviews, I couldn't help but think "what's a Hawaiian Chipotle?".  Well, I finally got to find out for myself.  Yes, when you walk in it's almost like Chipotle.  Your meals are made in an assembly line fashion, it's fast food, and the prices are similar.  

The process is simple...select your meats (Kalua Pork, Steak, Huli Huli Chicken, Veggies, Fish, or Shrimp).  Then choose whether you want your meats in a bowl with rice, in a salad, a burrito, and even a taco.  Then after this, you select all the extras like sour creams, beans, guac, etc.  For me, my decision was easy.  I wasn't feeling a burrito or taco.  I also wasn't doing a salad or rice bowl. So, I chose just a side of steak and a side of chicken.  I thought both meats were a bit greasy and lacking some flavor.  I know Chipotle isn't any better when it comes to grease, but at least there's a little taste there.  I still managed to down my dish because I don't believe in quitting.  My gf got steak with rice and beans. She also had to get their coconut bark.  Might as well, especially since they're known for it.  I had a piece and thought that it was pretty good.  It's pretty much a toffee tasting, Almond Roca tasting, sweet piece of candy.  That one piece was probably the highlight.  

My gf had a $20 Groupon for our meals and we were originally sticker shocked that just two bowls, 2 drinks, and coconut bark was over $22.  Something just didn't add up.  When I got home, I realized why.  Instead of Braddah's charging me for a side of chicken and a side of steak, they charged me for a full bowl.  Yeah, we were over-charged about $2.  I'm not going broke because of this, but it's the principle.  

Overall, with a recent 5 Star ROTD for Braddah's and some of the hype I'm seeing, I have to say that I was a little disappointed.  The thought of Hawaiian food mixed with tacos and burritos sounded great.  But when it came down to it...they are just A-OK

PS:  At least the restaurant is clean and there's a drive thru.


YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (493/500)