I tried China Poblano for the first time on a Thursday night. The menu sounded good but something stuck out right away. It says in bold type at the top, "What brings Mexico and China together?", and goes on to briefly answer this question. Now, to me, it would seem there was an effort to blend the two cuisines. However, looking over the menu I could see this was not the case, save a couple of dishes. This isn't necessarily a bad thing but the menu intro suggests fusion when in reality it's more like co-habitation. 
We sat at the bar where you can see the tortillas being made fresh constantly. The ambiance was noisy but not over-bearing and the lack of a DJ certainly helped things unlike some other Cosmopolitan eatery that rhymes with Coal Screens. The service was prompt and I felt the server was very good at explaining menu items that may have been spicy, contained raw foods, or were otherwise out of the ordinary. 
I ordered a Carnitas taco and a Viva China taco. The tortillas are about 6 inches in diameter and not overstuffed so be prepared for this before you go. This is not Tacqueria (insert name here) that serves heaping piles of food with beans and rice on the side. The tacos are served by themselves and any sides are extra. That being said, the tacos I ordered were very good. The Viva China taste is a bit dominated by the raw oyster. The Carnitas taco was top notch. Both tacos seemed a little on the greasy side but most of it was the sauce/salsa leaking out the bottom. 
And now to the price. Yes, this place is expensive compared to an actual street vendor but it's in a casino. The menu is posted outside the restaurant and freely available online. Do a little research ahead of time and you can decide for yourself if the price is fair. 
China Poblano is great if you just need a quick bite to eat before a show or before heading out for the night. The take out window is a nice amenity if you're just passing through and need a bit of sustenance. I would not recommend China Poblano for a big meal simply because the a la carte nature of the menu can add up quickly. You can easily spend $50 and still leave hungry.