Short Version: If I had to rate FRC restaurants, this one would fall somewhere in the middle. It's good, not great. Nothing unique. We got the Beef "House Specialty" Enchiladas and the Crispy Shrimp Tacos and it was good. If you're deciding between these two, I'd go with the Crispy Shrimp Tacos. 

Long Version: My wife and I came here for lunch the Friday after Christmas and it was one of the only places that wasn't completely packed. We hadn't been to a Blanco in a very long time over at The Borgata, which I'm not even sure it's there anymore. We decided to try it again despite not remembering if we liked it or not the first couple times we had gone. 

The menu appeared to be the same, and I only remember that because it's a pretty typical Mexican restaurant. I'd compare it to a Fuego Tacos but with nicer and cleaner decor. The decor is what you'd expect from a Fox restaurant. The service was good and attentive. 

We were served chips that were really salty and I like salty so I know that means they were overly salty. Not sure if that's a consistent thing or not. 

I ordered the Beef "House Special" Enchiladas which came out very hot (not a bad thing) in their cast iron pot. Along with it came the Charro Beans and some rice. The enchiladas were stuffed with cheese, ancho chiles and short ribs. The Charro Beans were pinto beans with bacon pieces. My favorite part was the rice. Not sure what's in them, but it's kind of like a sticky rice with some herb seasoning. My wife got the Crispy Shrimp Tacos which also came with the side of rice but she got the black beans instead. I think I liked her tacos more than my echiladas. It's definitely the lighter choice.

All that said, Blanco is nothing special. It's not bad and it's not awesome. Very middle of the road to me. There are other placed I'd like to go before coming back to Blanco. Maybe I'm just annoyed because I have to be at work today so I'm writing a grumpy-town review, but there's just nothing great to say about the lunch I just had. Nothing terrible to say either. 

I just thought of a good way to describe it: As I was at the half way point of my Enchiladas and wasn't hungry anymore, but also not full anymore, I decided just to stop eating. That is to say, if a meal is good, I'll keep eating until I'm disgusted with myself and if it's bad, I wouldn't have made it to the halfway mark. This is probably how a healthy human being should eat anyways. Maybe this place is good for me after all.