Honestly, I think we came when they had the 'chef in training' on duty, because a seasoned chef would not have served the food that came out on my plate. Lets' be clear, the three stars I am giving this place is for the service, not the food. Our waiter was very nice and polite, and when I pointed out how dry and inedible my ribs were (at $16 for a half rack they should have been fall off the bone delicious), he immediately apologized and brought me the menu so I could pick something else out, which I did: The "pecan crusted" grilled chicken sandwich. I put "pecan crusted" in quotes because there was no sign of any pecans whatsoever. I don't know who decided to call it "pecan crusted grilled chicken," but I think they need to have their eyes checked. It was simply a grilled chicken minus the "pecan crusted." Now, I don't know what was going on in the kitchen, but the chef is either inexperienced, not too sharp, or just doesn't care about the quality of his food. Let's go back to the ribs for a sec. So the entree comes with their wedge salad, which consists of, at least on my plate, a wedge of ice berg lettuce, over cooked bacon bits, unripe avocado and some tomatoes thrown in for good measure, and oh, a dollop of their 'home made' ranch dressing (I don't believe for a second they make their own dressing. It tasted like every other mass produced dressing.) Let's just say for a second that I am no stranger to ribs; This was not my first rodeo. I know what to expect when I order ribs from a place: fall off the bone goodness. Not these ribs. They were over cooked and dry with very little seasoning or sauce; pretty flavorless and so dry I couldn't even eat them. I sent them back and got the chicken, which came minus the pecans. And I have to say that the chicken almost seemed like it was preformed (packaged??) But I ate it anyway along with more unripe avocado.

That explains the food. The inside of the place feels old and tired. It is in need of some decorating TLC, both inside and out. The exterior looks like an old fast food restaurant from the 80s. The booths are ancient and uncomfortable. The springs in the seats are worn so your butt sinks in and feels unsupported. I guess they don't want me to be too comfortable.

I truly don't understand the high ratings for this place. Either my standards are too high or everyone else's are way too low. And of course, I believe it to be the latter.  And for the record, the sign on the outside says "New Mexican Cuisine." If you're looking for authentic MEXICAN cuisine, there are better choices in town.