Get it? Because it's in the BARRIO??? HAHHAHAHAH.

It's interesting walking by graffiti marked brick walls and chipped away pawn shop signs into a seemingly upscale restaurant with live music and ridiculously priced tacos.  We got a good table on a Friday night and ordered margaritas and the Queso dip to start.  Our server was attentive and straight forward but seemed detached and unhappy.  Like he got called into work that night but really wanted to be playing World of Warcraft and taking bong hits.  

Also, why serve bread with salsa as a complimentary app instead of chips and salsa? Are you too classy for chips and salsa, Barrio? You have to be "different" by giving us white bread which is horribly filling before a meal? Nonetheless, the salsa concoction was super tasty so I DID in fact eat some white bread with it then I gained 14 pounds then I ate some tacos after.  

The margaritas were pretty perfect and I can always appreciate when they're served in cheap Ikea glasses instead of traditional margarita glasses because margarita glasses are, you know, pointless and difficult to handle especially after you've had, like, seven.  Though I'd never order seven margaritas at Barrio because I'm poor and this place is not for poor people. 

I got the carnitas tacos and the boyfriend had the carne asada ones.  We swapped a taco each and while they were both cooked perfectly and rather delightful, nothing was very spicy, and I craved heat in everything we ordered.  It's Mexican food, yo, where's the spice?  

The ambiance is nice and soothing with hip art and yuppie conversations abound.  The live music was a nice touch and the bathrooms were neat-o; a seemingly ironically decorated homage to cheesy Mexican restaurants, fully equipped with tacky crucifixes and hotel art paintings of the Virgin Mary.  I loled as I peed. 

For both of us to eat there, two drinks each, two entrees and one app it was a little over a hundred bucks.  Which is why I only give Barrio three stars because while everything was pretty good, it was not a 100 dollar meal.  I feel I could find a hole in the wall authentic Mexican place right around the corner and get a few pretty awesome pork street tacos, and while maybe they won't have the same quality nor will I be able to listen to soothing Mexican guitar and lol at the ironically decorated bathroom, at least I'll still have gas money for the week.