We came here to celebrate a family birthday and had a great time.  We have some good and some bad but the attention from the management that we received was impressive.

We grabbed a couple of drinks at the bar while we waited for the rest of our party and the bar top was not wiped down.  Dirty plates were cleared but globs of salsa were not cleaned up making it difficult to know where to put my hands or my purse.  The house margarita was good but a little on the sweet side for me.  The food was just ok, maybe it just wasn't my jam.  It is more Fresh Mexican vs. Authentic Mexican which some people prefer but I like old school good flavor.  The 2 different salsa were delicious and a nice touch The 2 different salsa were delicious and a nice touch.   We ordered 2 of the guacamole, which was mixed table side and made to your specifications, but they were just ok.  Small portions and the pieces of jalapeno mixed in were a large dice, which sometimes tasted like a giant bite of pepper instead of Guacamole.

Our server was so so, she was helpful but also misguided in a couple areas.  We had some gringo's in the group who do NOT like spice and she suggested any of the enchiladas or a couple of the tacos.  My enchiladas were definitely spicy and were not at all mild (I'll get to them later) and one of our group had to send her dish back it was so spicy.  Another misstep were plates not cleared, waters not refilled, or that I was skipped over for the drink order because I was closing out my tab at the bar when she took the initial water order.  We had a child dining with us and his empty Sprite was never offered a refill and we ended up refilling it with water after it sat empty long enough.

The rest of our party was very happy with their entrees, the hit among everyone was the Camaron Poblano Asada.  My enchiladas were ok, a little too spicy for me and the sauce resembled more of a chili constancy than a sauce and was a red brown instead of the deep red I am used to.  To end the meal, and celebrate the birthday, we ordered the Mexican Apple Pie and the Mexican Brownie.  Both were worth saving room for and the server made it special with a sparkler candle.

Even with the missteps, our server was quick to offer our diner a new option since her original was too spicy.  The manager also checked in with us several times to make sure things were right and everything was handled.  Those two things alone impressed me and will be the reason we come back.