I'm wavering between 2 and 3 stars. Good thing I had a dang good sandwich...

So, this place is kind of funny. I live right down the street and had no idea it existed--It's kind of tucked back in a parking lot. The gigantic fake waterfall outside the front entrance makes you feel like you're about to stand in line for one of those water rides where you're thrown around in a log boat at an amusement park. There are bats decorating the whole place. It's just funky.

We were greeted by the bartender, who sat the 5 of us (me, parents, grandparents) and promptly walked away. It became very clear to me that the one lone server was in over his head (although I only saw 2 tables outside by the waterfall and one other table besides us) while we waited AND WAITED to be greeted. Bartender had no one to tend bar for. She couldn't have at least helped the dude out and taken our drink orders? Server was slightly spastic but nice enough. It took a while to get our drinks and then even MORE of a while to place our order. He was running in and outside like a crazy person. To his credit our order came out correctly.

The menu is semi-hilarious. It's inside a fake newspaper and boasts all kinds of tex-mex/grill/general meat-loving delicacies. Being a vegetarian, I was all "buh" but thought the "Portales Portabella" sounded delicious. 

...AND IT WAS. At huge sandwich of a basamic-marinated portabella on fresh focaccia with different roasted peppers, red onion, pepperjack and avocado. Hot diggity (what?) it was good. I could barely eat half and savored the leftovers for the next meal. It was served with a huge portion of seasoned fries. 

My grandma tried the green chili mac and a side order portion was pretty huge. It was tasty--pepperjack and cheddar cheese, corn, chiles...all served in a tortilla-covered bowl. Have you heard my new rap song, carbsoncarbsoncarbs?

In all, it was an OK lunch. Again, I was pretty appalled by the lack of help the one server got from the bartender and manager who seemingly had not much to do. Maybe I'm just sensitive to my fellow service industry family?