First entering the restaurant you get a pretty cool vibe of the atmosphere with dark colors, bright lights, interesting tables and designs and music at a loud but good volume. We went on a Friday night, and it seems to be a popular choice, so for the weekend seems like a good place to hang out not necessary a sit down dinner. Service was quick in asking what we would like to drink. On a side note, it is interesting for a Mexican Cantina to have a low selection of Mexican beers, and being hispanic and new here from California it is sad when the waitresses has trouble pronouncing them, not to say she wasn't nice, our waitress was very friendly. 

For the meals, the menu was a bit limited, pretty much tacos and burritos were the option to eat with a couple different selections. Missing an assortment of authentic meals that come to mind. 
We ended up ordering a Mango and Shrimp civiche appetizer which tasted a bit different from normal civiche but it was definitely a flavorful experience. After looking over the menu, we ended up going for the shrimp and Carne Asada meal and what I believe called the chicken burrito de muerte (named for its "spiceyness"). The food was from ok to pretty good. The Carne Asada plate has very good sauce poured on top of the shrimp and steak and it overall was cooked great and tasted wonderful, For some reason they grilled onions and left a big pile on one side of the plate, kind of confusing, didn't seem to go with the carne asada or the mexican rice with the plate, maybe a better idea if they chose to put a side of beans instead. 
The burrito was stuffed with rice and cheese, and could have used a lot more shredded chicken but it has a good taste. Came with chipotle sauce and sour cream. And for being a burrito de muerte, I sensed no spice at all, this opinion seconded by my pregnant wife. Though the chipotle was delightful. 

Of the three options for dessert, we went with the deef fried banana cheesecake with vanilla ice cream. The appearance was nice and totally through us off, we thought we were served chimichangas. Ended up the dessert was great! Very sweet and flavorful, went great with the ice cream. 

Overall with a great atmosphere and shopping near by, I would suggest coming for sit down dinner or lunch during the week. I cant say about going out for a beer or to hang out, but by the appearance of the crowd and the vibe of everyone, seems like a good choice. If you want AUTHENTIC, this is not the place to go. BUT it is good food and good prices. Appetizer, dinner for two, dessert, and drinks came out to a little more then $50.