Just like the Veggie Fajitas they served my mama - this place lacked sizzle.

My mom has been raving and singing the praises of Carlos O'briens for sometime now and not wanting to miss out on somewhere good, she took me there last night. 

When we got in the parking lot, and saw the look of the huge rock mountain of stone - I KNEW something was a miss... why are mountainous structures in Phoenix always home to great salsa and bland food? WHY?!

We entered and were seated right away in a HUGE dining area "upstairs" that was way cute back in 1990 when it was last redecorated - but this isn't 1990 and it's - kitchy. After I sat down and saw the plain looking laminated menu, I realized that my mom and I were the ONLY brown people in the building besides a bus boy who looked afraid of his own shadow! Red Flag #3!!

Our waiter Nathan introduced himself and seemed really nice as he brought our chips and salsa and took our drink order. We also ordered our food - I had the #13 - A Little Bit of Everything and my mom had the Veggie Fajitas. I must say that the menu is very uninspired and I wished to see some house specialties or innovation... inspiration and innovation are luxaries that Carlos O'brien can't afford. 

Whie our food was being prepared, we enjoyed our chips and salsa which was VERY good, I must say! I SWEAR I've had their salsa before, I just can't place it! But it's still good and worth the trip alone. Our food came quickly and we were disappointed by the fact that my mom's fajitas lacked any soul, had some spice and weren't sizzling off the iron. Boo! She loved that her fajitas had ingredients not normally seen in fajitas, such as potatos and zucchini. 

My plate was a big glob of gooey cheese! The guac on the chicken flautas were good however the flautas were a little over cooked. The Chimis were very good and I loved their cream cheesy sour cream type sauce - I just they didn't give me so much of it! I was scraping it off after my first bite. With a good chili kick and plenty of salt, my Green Corn tamales were DEFINATLY the best part of my meal! 

And the toastada, rice and especially the beans were the lowlight of my meal. I never had a worse toastada, I don't even know how to you screw up a toastada - but leave it up to Carlos to figure it out. The rice tasted old and were dry. The beans also tasted old and had too much cheese, there was so much cheese that my lil bowl of beans was practically glued to my plate! GROSS! 

We were still happy and eating away and I didn't think we were taking too long when Nathan our waiter gave us the bum's rush! He put down our check andd Offered to bring us to-go boxes when we were still happily eating and showed no signs of slowing down. I was like - there are FOUR tables seat in a 30+ table facility - there's NO ONE at the door, even then - you got the room!! Why are you rushing us out?! We requested two to-go boxes and when he returned with them he seemed disappointed in the fact that we hadden't paid yet. My mom quickly dropped her debt card and I was annoyed.

We did need to get going - we had another errand to run before heading home but still. The polite thing to do would have been to leave our check and tell us to take our time, replenish our drinks and WAIT for us to ask for a box. GEEZ! Some people's children!

To my fellow yelpers, if you want fresh, sizziling sexy Mexican food - avoid this place like the plauge. If you want to appease out-of-town relatives with sensitive palates to a nice Arizona Mexican dinner - this is the place for you! Have the green tamales and enjoy the chips with salsa, they're both quite good.