This review is based solely on Sandbar as a nightlife spot, I didn't eat there, just drank, heavily, and danced, heavily, and based on my few moments of clarity between shots these are my thoughts....

Sandbar offers some great music and a dance floor to get your groove on.  It's only been open a week so it was packed! If you don't get there before 10 pm expect to wait in a long line and not find a table to park your drinks at.  The ambience is very cool and it is pretty big, there actually are a lot of tables both inside and out. There are 4 cabanas on the outside patio that you can reserve if you have a large group and promise to spend at least $300, which is very easy to do with a large group. The sand and small pool are a nice touch, I did get a little sand in my shoes but didn't mind one bit. The dance floor isn't huge but it doesn't get too packed we always found a spot to comfortably shake our groove things, the DJ plays hip hop, some rock and even a little country while they show the videos on the flat screens, they even played SNL's digital short On a Boat with Andy Samberg & T-Pain which is very danceable and very hilarious.  

Now we did have a few issues but I think it's based on the fact that this place is new and so so packed and management did try to make amends so I'm not going to knock them too much for it. It was my sister's birthday so we called in advance to reserve a cabana for the night but then they called us back a day later and said they had actually overbooked so we no longer had the cabana, we then made reservations for dinner but once we got there they did not have a spot for us to sit, they had anticipated another big party would leave before we got there and they did not, so we had to go somewhere else for food, but the manager offered my sister free drinks when we came back later and they did reserve us some high tops by the dance floor when we came back so that was nice. We never had to wait too long for our waitress to come back around and offer more drinks either, another plus.

Also because it is so packed there is more of a possibility of having a few knucklheads in the crowd, we actually saw a fight early in the night, small and squashed quickly. Then later in the evening some drunky tried to fight a guy in our group, I think this drunky had little man complex and he was in the crowd and he bumped into our friend at the same time that someone else bumped into him so he thought our friend purposely bumped him. Our friend was actually the designated driver so he was completely sober and the drunk 5 foot tall guy tried to fight the sober 6 foot tall guy who kept telling him to walk away, which he did, only to come back later with his 5 1/2 foot tall friend to avenge him. It was all stupid and the management could see that it was just two drunk guys trying to prove they weren't scared of the big guy and they kicked the knuckleheads out and let us stay.  The night was saved and we actually stayed until the last song at 2 a.m. chit chatting and dancing the night away.

I will definitely go back, maybe not for a few weeks when it isn't so crowded but with it being one of the few dance spots in Chandler this probably won't happen any time soon, which is good for them. We went on a Saturday but I've heard Friday is just as packed.