We went for an after work dinner the other night with a Groupon.  What a deal not only do we get the great Mexican food this place has to offer, the good service, but we got a good deal with the coupon to boot.  I hope they repeat that deal!

When we arrived there were only two other tables seated but by the time the rest of the party arrived the restaurant was almost full.  By this time it was almost 5:30.  With the inrush of diners the wait for food was a little longer than usual but we were kept busy with an ample supply of fresh chips and salsa.  Hmmmm, salsa.  The servers here tend to take care of everyone and are not dedicated to certain tables.  We were asked frequently if we needed anything, but not to the point it was annoying.

Our food arrived bubbling hot with generous portions.  Several of us got the pick two deal which was enough for me.  Typical Mexican faire rice here, tasty but could have been ramped up a bit.  I would add some onions and take it up a notch with some peppers or something, do something unusual since this is a mon-and-pop shop.  The enchiladas and sauce very flavorful.  Lot's of cheese and no hesitation when one in our party ordered extra, with no extra charge.  I like the texture of the refried beans here, they are not runny and soupy like some places serve them.  I wish there had been a little more of them on the plate though.  We ordered a garnish plate, $3.50 extra, and that could have been a little better stocked.  The guacamole is good but could have been a little more of it. Ok, I really mean a lot more of it.  I like guacamole!

The one thing that was less than satisfying were the fish tacos.  They use Mahi-mahi which I generally like but this was served a bit dry.  Perhaps a little more of the garnish and sauce would have remedied that.

Last note: the outside may be a bit of a distraction for some but the inside is clean.  

Overall a good experience.  And yes we will be back, even if they do not make another Groupon appearance.