Have to admit that Tequila Bar and Grill is one of those hidden gems in Las Vegas.  And without fellow Yelper organizing a 3# Burger Eating Challenge here, I would have totally not know about this little restaurant, which is located in Bally's.

The food I ordered while I was here to cheer on Anthony M (took on the 3# burger and did a respectable job of finishing 1/2 of it within the alloted 30 miniutes) was their full slab of ribs, which was flavored with a choice of their selection of BBQ sauces (I went with the Texas Double Pepper, which was supposed to be hot, but it was mild at best).  It tasted okay, not the best nor worst ribs I have tried in Las Vegas.

From the comments about the food others in our party had ordered, I think the food overall is just okay too. Price-wise I think it is about average for something you order inside a restaurant within a casino.

However, Tequila Bar and Grill does have some very attractive items on their menu that would definitely qualify as super value deals.  The $1 margaritas, the $1 tacos, $2 draft beers, $2 tequila shoots, $16 "mountainous plate" of nachos, $36 3lb burger (if you order it and split it 3 or 4-ways).

Service for large parties is not good.  I am thinking why would they work harder for their tips, when the 18% is already automatically added to your bill.  Our waitress never came back to check on us after we ordered, except to bring us our food.  Checking up on refills of beverages or additional orders only occurred after we frantically waved down the waitstaff.  The only time the waitress followed up was to hound me to pay my bill before I was even done with my ribs (definitely didn't like that).

About the 3# burger challenge.  Expect to wait an hour for the burger to finally be served.  I am guessing that they will have to bake the giant hamberger buns from scratch and make the giant patty too.  So if you are serious about trying to win the challenge and go hit the gem for 2 hours before tackling the burger, it might be strategic to have someone go and order it for you, so you can get there without waiting so long that you are no longer hungry before tackling the 5 pounds of food that comes with the 3# burger challenge burger.  Also order the burger rare, because if the 2 inches of beef patty is cooked any more, it will mostly be well-done.