We all have our bad days. Whether we wake up on the wrong side of the bed or some event turns our mood, we have them. Now how you choose to react to them that is what makes the difference. You can have a bad day but make a conscious choice to minimize it, force a smile and make it work. After a while and maybe a few cups of coffee, the day can smooth over if you let it. 

I know this sounds so trivial, what could this possibly have to do with food? Well in life and the restaurant biz, you really have to make an impression. When the person taking your order is grumpy maybe a little bitchy even, no matter how good the food is, it may never live up to it's full potential. 

Unfortunately this is what happened on a recent visit to Sonora Mesquite Grill when the guy at the counter couldn't even muster up a hello, but simply, "yes". Now I would have blown this off if he hadn't been joking around with the people in front of me in line. It's just this sort of thing that just chaps my behind. Really, how hard would it have been to crack a smile and save me from having to share this? I persevere, taking the high road, and get my ordered started because I've been hearing some really god things about this place. 

The buzz surrounding Sonora is it's self proclaimed "best carne asada this side of the border", which is a pretty tall order when it comes to carne asada. Think about it, we have so many places that serve good carne asada around town, even the 'berto's drive thrus don't really suck that bad. If you've never heard of carne asada, it's thin sliced beef that has been marinated or heavily salted then grilled or roasted to a caramelized perfection. Then, wrap all that up into a hot flour tortilla with pico de gallo (chopped onion, cilantro and tomato) and fresh guacamole, trust me on this, you'll love it. 

Green Chile Rajas with Cheese ($6.25) was an excellent way to make up for the lack of friendliness. A juxtaposition of roasted chiles, onions and peppers served with either corn or flour tortillas popped with flavor and texture. I would strongly recommend the flour tortillas, so light and flaky, characteristics not common with the usual bready type. 

Okay so getting to the Carne Asada Burrito ($7.49) you'll first notice the price tag a bit high considering that the burrito while large is also stuffed with rice. For me if I'm going to pay that much for a burrito, it needs to be more meat and less filler. Now with that being said the meat inside the burrito was not only perfectly cooked, it was amazing. The first bite fills your mouth with a certain salty beefy mesquite smokiness that's both flavorful and satisfying. The only thing that made the meat better was the addition of Sonora's killer house made Guacamole ($1.50), green salsa and red salsa. Both salsas were delicious though neither offered any sort of heat. 

I loved eating the food from SMG. I can only imagine how much better it would have been if the service came with a smile.