Actually more like 2.5 stars ....
We arrived on a Saturday early evening.
Being somewhat unfamiliar with their menu we stopped at the large menu board posted in the entrance way. The cashier noticed us right away and came over to explain the menu .  

Her attitude was a bit overbearing and although she was extremely confident in her knowledge of the menu , it just came off as an " in your face" performance not a sincere desire to help guests.

After she spent 5 minutes telling us what she liked. We finally got to order. I had the fish taco combo  which is 2 fish tacos , rice , beans and some chips and salsa.

She asked us what we wanted to drink , she mentioned a bunch of beers and we expressed our desire to get a beer on tap. She informed us that we would have to go to the bar area to order that.

So we finished the food order and went into the bar area to order our drinks . There was a large patio area out side so we chose to sit out there ( the bar was full of smoke and although it is a surfer, ocean themed place it was a typical sports bar on the inside ) very smokey and lots of people yelling at tv screens ....

The food arrived and the appearance and presentation of the food was very good , colorful plate with the food neatly placed and full of bright salsa colors.

I had ordered the Cajun version of the fish taco. It appeared to be lightly battered with a spicy Cajun rub, serves along with some lettuce and salsa on a soft corn tortilla .

It was served with brown rice and black beans , again... Seemed fresh but the flavor was just ok

Biting into it  , the taste was ok, and everything seemed fresh. I kept finding myself adding salt or pepper for flavor....I finally ended up putting more salsa on it.

Honestly for a place with the name " Fish Tacos" In it's name you would think that the fish taco would be epic .. But honestly it was just ok.... I was raised in southern Texas and have travelled to California , Mexico , the Caribbean , Hawaii and all over Asia ...I've had tons of different versions of the " fish taco" and wahoos is just , well.. It's just ok.

Locally you can get a better fish taco at zabas , or even the American style restaurant Claim Jumper.


Break down of scoring max is 5 pt

Dining area appearance 4
Wait staff 3
Bar area 2
Ticket time 4
Restroom 2
Food taste flavor and presentation 3
Location 2 ( Henderson location)