The Skinny: tex-mex food - the tacos are a-ok but skip on the fajitas (3) service: highly variable, depends highly on your server (3) value: it can be okay if you have a coupon (from the parent company, Lettuce Entertain You) but is expensive for what it is full price (3)

When we walked in, I thought - oh-oh, another overpriced Strip restaurant catering to the masses. The fact this place shares a kitchen with Stripburger also did not make me excited about this place.  But frankly, in the end, we were pleasantly surprised by the decent quality of the food here.

After two visits, we have tried their steak fajitas, two types of fish tacos, carnitas tacos, a salad and their bottomless chips/salsa. 

The bottomless tray of hot chips ($2.95) were nice...but nothing outstanding. Depending on the time we went, the pico de gallo could taste a little over marinated (lunch was better than dinner). The roasted tomato and the salsa verde were both only okay in my books - really lacking that nice subtle heat and flavour of a really fresh salsa. Given the timing of the main entrees (which tends to take a while), this order can be a godsend if you're hungry.

The carnitas ($14.95) and fish tacos were pretty solid renditions. The carnitas were slightly sweet, smoky and lightly dressed. Combined with the beans, it was a nice combination. The fish taco were good in both the fried ($15.95) and grilled ($17.95)  rendition. (Of note: the grilled version was not dry which is hard to find but the serving size is smaller than the fried version) The accompanying cilantro rice is definitely on the drier side I would probably pass on those carbs.

I would have to unfortunately comment that the fajitas are a monumental fail. The cast iron skillet that it was served upon scorched the poor veggies into oblivion. As they say, "no es bueno".

The chipotle Caesar salad ($5.95) was also disappointing. The creamy chipotle dressing was too heavy, overly smoky and needed much more acidity. It's seemed also a rather poor portion size with scant condiments given that you're paying $6 for it. I kind of expected more pumpkin seeds than I can count on one hand. So pass on this one too. 

The tres leches is only okay in my books. It comes literally swimming in a large bowl of milk = soggy cake. If they toned down the milk significantly, the texture would definitely benefit a lot.

Service can be really hit or miss depending on the time you go and on the server you get. We've had some really good servers but some really slow ones as well. Lunch and weekdays (of course!) are the better times to hit this place.

FYI - I would probably skip the tableside gucamole. Watching the gucamole station made me leery because 1) how can it be good when some random person is making the gucamole, 2) the person making it isn't tasting it to make sure it tastes good and 3) there is no handwashing station close by. You have been warned!!!

Overall for the Strip, this place is not bad but it isn't great either. If you are a Lettuce Entertain You Member and get coupons in the mail, it can an affordable place. 3 starred review.