I really, really, really wanted to LOVE Senor Frogs, but alas, I cannot.

I am going to give them 3 stars because they knew what gluten free meant and I did not get glutened. Also, they had a great atmosphere, an energetic and entertaining DJ, good music spinning and some of the staff was energetic. They could dance well, so that definitely counts for something too.

I thought my food was so-so. At best. I got the chicken enchiladas, and to be quite honest, I've had several microwave enchiladas that were better than these ones. There was no cheese on the inside of the enchilada, a random slice of swiss cheese (swiss cheese in Senor Frogs?) on top of the enchiladas and there was also no sauce in the inside of the enchilada. The sauces were served on the side and were delicious, definitely, and the guacamole had some character (I stole it from my fiance), the rice was decent and the beans were just beans. I also disappointed by my lackluster corn tortilla. Just not exciting.

My fiance's food was tasty for him. Chicken tenders (if you mess those up you should pack your bags), chicken quesadilla, barbecue wings and taquitos. The chicken quesadilla was good, but nothing too exciting, the wings were also good, but nothing to write home about, the chicken tenders were great for him and so were the taquitos. His platter came with a bunch of sides which was nice (sour cream, guacamole, salsa, etc), but it just didn't excite either of us in any way. My friend also get the Tex-Mex Tacos and they just weren't exciting. Seriously. Blah.

The one thing that saves this place? THE DRINKS. Wow are they good. If you don't want something sweet, try the Pimp Frog Juice. It has every liquor possible but not a lot of juice; it could get you in a lot of trouble though! The best value is getting the drink in the palm tree cup that should be Rated R due to its shape. LOL. Sorry. I reverted back to adolescence there. The drink is a perfect size and you can take the glasses around after you leave the restaurant and move on to more booze and happier times. The drinks are pricey, don't get me wrong, but fun in the moment. Don't get me wrong...this place has a great atmosphere, especially at night, and offers a lot for birthday parties and bachelor/bachelorette parties, but skip the food and don't expect 5 star service. Some places are better after several drinks than before.