Came here on a Sunday night with my family for my Dad's birthday. When we walked in I had asked if there was any seating available outside, but was told that there was a large party of 33 that would be sitting out there so it couldn't be accommodated. Funny thing is the entire time we were there I did not see that large party come in. Anyways, on to the review.

This was the first time we've been here. We had one server that had taken part of our order but switched us over to a different server and at that point I could tell things were probably going to get a little complicated. We had ordered a margarita with the original server that never came, it took quite a while for the ceviche to come out, and for the salsa to be refillable you would think they would bring two plates of it (to put one on each side of the table) that way people don't have to reach over the entire table to dip. We had to specifically ask for an additional salsa plate and additional chip bowl just so we didn't have to stretch so far. Another thing that bothered me is that we told them it was a birthday and they just kinda handed us a coconut flan. No candle, nothing. I'm not asking for this place to be like TGIF, but a candle or something could have sufficed for the occasion.

The food: the chips were ok... A little too hard and girlfriend hated that. The guac was great but the chunks of avocado were a little annoying. I mean I know guac has chunks of avocado but when you can't even dip in the guac bc the chunks are so big, it gets old really fast. In terms of entrees, I personally had the Carne tacos and they were amazing. By far some of the most flavorful tacos I've ever had. Girlfriend had the carnitas and she liked them but I wasn't a fan. Birthday dad and my brother had the ribeye and they enjoyed it, and mom had one of the salads that I forgot the name of. Overall the entrees were good and I would come back for those carne tacos.

The service: our second server was great. She was super nice and always had a smile on her face. We did have to ask for more drinks when they were empty a few times, but overall it was ok. Again, a candle on the Damn flan would have been great instead of it just being handed to us. 

The ambiance/comfort: basically a typical upper scale Mexican restaurant. We were seated in a booth that was kinda high chair like. For me it was quite uncomfortable. There was barely any room to move around because I felt that the table was too close to me. I describe myself as an average build guy but tall, and it definitely wasn't working for me. Maybe if you're super petite, this seating will work for you.

Overall this place is ok... Would I come back? Yeah maybe, if I'm dying for tacos (which is almost a rare to none occurrence).