This review would be a 5 star review, but for two things.

The service was ridiculously, inexcusably slow..  I do believe this is bc our waitress had too many tables, but the restaurant was not completely packed and I feel like if you work in a nice restaurant like Verde you should be used to busy Saturday nights. 

After seated, she made eye contact with our table, but she didnt come to our table to even offer water for 20 minutes.  When she did come over, she  just asked to take our order.

Only the food runner asked how our meal was.  We only saw our waitress when she took our order and when she brought our bill, and she was not friendly.

I also feel like the food is a little bit over priced, and the alcohol looked ridiculously expensive.  Because of this I didn't order a margarita.  I did have a Bells Oberon which came out in a flute and wasn't even an entire bottle.

Now the good stuff:  the restaurant is really attractive.  They have a very nice patio that is in DESPERATE need for some plants.  It looks nice, but it's just so plain.  Put some palms out!  You can get cheap ones at Ikea.

The food was DELICIOUS and after all that is the reason I was there!  We waited forever and were underwhelmed by everything except for the food.

I've finally found my perfect taco in Pittsburgh.  The Barbacoa tacos BLEW MY MIND.  So incredibly good.  My friend had the shrimp and the mushroom tacos, and he loved his tacos so much he did NOT offer me a bite.  Jerk.

Everything on the menu is a la carte.  I picked the guacamole and my friend had the black beans.  I'd heard they make the guacamole tableside, but they didn't when I was there, it was just brought out.  I'm obsessed with avocados, and I found the guacamole dry and kind of meh.  Guacamole is always pretty good, and the tortilla chips were excellent, but my mind was not blown.

The black beans were very good.

I will come back for the Barbacoa tacos, but I would hope to not sit in that same waitress' section.  

Overall, this place was OK, but it was not A-OK, but the tacos were too good to give it just a 2 star review.