I'm not your typical clueless reviewer in Phoenix who thinks anything that is decent is worth 5 stars. At the same time, I'm reasonable and I don't compare everything to New York restaurants, I grade relatively meaning relative to Phoenix area.

Okay, so this place is incredibly hyped. The food is outrageously expensive. I know what you are thinking "Well this guy is cheap a$# and unlike him, I'm willing to pay for good food" Yeah, I am not that guy either and I'm willing to pay for good food too  but when 3 people have lunch and your bill ends up being over $150 for some small enchiladas and a few margaritas, you soon realize the owners are banking on its hype and jacking up those prices just for the heII of it.

The reason Barrio Cafe is popular is simple. Phoenix has mostly chain restaurants. This is one of the few unique restaurants.  And it's not lard factory like many Mexican restaurants in the valley. You know the type of restaurant i'm talking about; the all Mexican owned and worked joint that puts lard in everything and it tastes delicious until you realize their menu isn't that different from Taco Bell aside from the lard, the mariachi music and the Dos Equis sitting in my hand. But I digress.....this place is another trendy flamboyant (read Gay) owned restaurant that serves good drinks, offers trendy waiters that pretend they are the food version of a Sommelier and act like they have a PhD in food and know so much more about chicken enchiladas than you do, so for the average Joe white dude in Phoenix, they are impressed by this. Lastly, the wait fools you. The place is tiny with no parking. Obviously, there are going to be wait times and seating issues but it really fools the first time customer into thinking the place must be amazing.

Bottomline: this place needs to drop its prices and the attitude and serve bigger portions.  And by bigger portions, I'm reasonable, I'm not Fred from Golden Corral expecting massive portions that can feed 3 people, but when 2 or 3 of their enchiladas combined  are smaller than a bean burrito from taco bell, you know someone is pinching pennies in the back.  The service also needs to improve.  Our waitress totally botched our order, and brought the wrong dish. No she didn't mistake our order with another table's, she just outright messed up but didn't apologize...and this is a big deal here because they take so long to bring your food out in the first place.