If you get a kick out of all things kitsch then you will probably enjoy the décor at Chuy's. Personally, I'm a little confused by it because it's a mix of American diner circa 1950's, a helping of Elvis memorabilia, and various Mexican accoutrements scattered throughout. Their outdoor patio has a completely different feel with it being adorned by tall tulip figures. I like their outdoor patio better and prefer sitting out there over the very busy inside.

I've been to Chuy's a couple times and am always pleased with their service. The wait staff is very friendly and willing to offer suggestions and accommodate any changes to the meals/drinks, if need be. You start off with complimentary chips & salsa. The salsa is a little on the watery side but packs a silent punch when it comes to the heat. The chips are light and not too greasy, have a nice crunch. This go round, I decided to give their blackberry margarita a try. According to our waitress, Meaghann, the blackberry marg is specifically made with top-shelf liquor. The house margaritas run $6 (they're served on the rocks or frozen) and the blackberry margarita runs $9 and is only served on the rocks, so keep that in mind if you're looking to drink at certain price. I found the blackberry margarita to be all right but it wasn't too strong on the blackberry flavor. I could tell it was made was some sort of artificial flavoring.

Each time I've been to Chuy's, I usually order some sort of enchilada. To me, nothing pairs better with a margarita then a cheesy, loaded enchilada or taco. I decided to try one of the combinations (which are a great deal and good way to try other types of things) - the #4 with your choice of enchilada and relleno. FYI: a relleno is a stuffed pepper. I got the chicka boom enchilada (trust me, I felt just as silly saying it as I did typing it out) with green pepper sauce and a cheese-filled relleno. The relleno was fried and coated in two types of sauces plus a drizzle of sour cream. Because of all that, I didn't really taste much of the pepper. The enchilada was delicious and I wish I had ended up ordering two of those instead of the relleno. The standard sides of refried beans and rice were good as well.

Since Cowfish (which is located next door) is crowded quite regularly, Chuy's is a good alternative and encourages you to have a little bit of fun with your meal.