I'll preface this review saying I am a lifelong Chinese foodie and since I live in So Cal, Mexican is second nature to me. I saw Chino Bandido on DDD with Guy Fieri and swore that I would make a stop if I was ever in the area. This was one of the must try on the list, so here we go...

Since I had a later than I wanted breakfast @ Matt's, Kathy and I decided to share an entree, so we would have room for dinner. After reading all the reviews on Yelp, we decided on the combo of Jade Red Chicken, Jerk Chicken and Pork fried rice. I thought the owner should have called the Jade Red Chicken Red Lantern Chicken or something to better reflect the color. The Jade Red Chicken was the tastiest out of the combo. It reminded me of Orange Chicken, but not as tangy or as greasy. The Jerk Chicken was Kathy's idea and it fell a little flat as other than the jerk rub, the chicken itself was bland and needed to be dipped in their hot sauce or hoisin sauce to help the flavor. The Pork fried rice was very good and tied the meal together.

I was tempted to order the BBQ Pork quesadilla, but I'm not training for any eating competitions, so waist be saved! Chino Bandido felt like Chinese food with a Mexican flair. If you look at what the majority of the people out there order, it is the Chinese meats with rice and either beans and/or a quesadilla/burrito. There wasn't meats like lengua, carne asada, al pastor that can truly be called fusion cuisine. I really liked the complementary cookie that they gave out. Usually it is a Snickerdoodle and a special of the day, which turned out to be a caramel oatmeal raisin, which was pretty damn good.

Overall, I would have liked to give Chino Bandido a 3.5 stars, but since there is no such thing, a three will suffice for now. I think another visit and a completely different combo can either confirm the ratings or show me what I am missing for a higher rating. An interesting note: I must have seen a chinese buffet or restaurant at every block of the 5 miles drive back to the hotel. Chinese is prevalent, but until Ming Tsai or truly authentic Chinese chefs can raise the cuisine bar, Chino Bandido is more than worthy of the fusion crown in Phoenix.