Dear Komex,

I expected to love you. I wanted to love you. I just knew I would love you. However, something somewhere just fell short for me. I LIKED you but definitely did not LOVE you.

I had booked marked you as a place to visit many moons ago. So in the car on the drive over to your place of business I was like a little school girl on the first day of school - excited, nervous and anxious. 

We pulled up and saw the long line outside the door and the place inside packed. (This just reaffirmed to me, how much I was going to love you.) Despite the long lines and how packed it was,  we were seated within 15 minutes. 

The menu looked good. I didn't know what to get. I settled on a fusion calamari taco and a half order of bulgolgi nachos with a side of kimchi, bulgolgi fried rice and spam musubi.

We munched on warm tortilla chips with two small containers of salsa and guacamole (courtesy of your restaurant) while we waited for our food. My nachos came out first and I thought they were going to be topped with the kimchi but they were not. Instead, I received my kimchi about 5 minutes later.

Let's talk about your bulgolgi nachos for a bit. They LOOK good. However, upon dissection all it is a HUGE plate of chips with skimpy toppings. The toppings there do equate to good flavor and a yummy taste but the ratio of chips to meat and cheese is lacking. I was slightly pissed off because of the lack of bulgolgi on my nachos. It was like it was sprinkled on quickly as an after thought. If I am paying $6.00 for a half order of nachos, I expect just a little bit more. Why not layer your nachos so that you get yummy toppings throughout? Because after you eat the top layer, you are left with plain ole tortilla chips. How fun or good is that? Think about it, okay?

Kim chi. Is it jarred? And why is it chopped up so little? And kimchi should have some spicy heatness to it. This kimchi lacked in serious flavor. I swear it is jarred and I am thinking you might be able to get more flavor profile if you make your own. Think about it, okay?

The fusion calamari taco. It wasn't bad. I don't have much to pick on about it. I ate it all. However, I don't know what I expected in my head but fusion just made me think it would be so different. It was just two long pieces of deep fried calamari on a flour tortilla with some lettuce and toppings and fusion tartar sauce. I LIKED it, but didn't LOVE it.

Bulgogi  Fried Rice. You win in portion amount. Hands down. It is big just like the nachos. But when the first word is Bulgolgi, I expect more bulgolgi. I should have caught on when the waitress kept correcting me and calling it beef. I just thought she was being rude and didn't like the way I was saying it. The flavor profile in this fried rice is decent. I am a self proclaimed fried rice snob and I can honestly say I didn't have to add anything to it to make it taste better. I just needed more meat. I would gladly receive a smaller portion to get a bulgolgi fried rice. Think about it okay?


Spam Musubi. Oh yeah. This was your saving grace, I bit into this sucker and it was like the angels started singing to me. But spam and nori, what is not to love?

So Komex, what am I left with? Would I return? Yes. I did LIKE you. Will I rush back? No. You are bit too far and just need to make some improvements. 

Sincerely,

Debra W.