I live very near Lindo Michoacan.  The food is very good for the prices.  Their happy hour is great too.  The only complaint I have is not one that has happened once or twice but, rather, the large majority of the times my friends and I go.  We always sit at the bar, and our food order is nearly never correct.  The bar staff is super-nice, but 4 out of the last 6 times I've been there, they mess up nearly everything.  :(  

One example...  We waited 20+ minutes (maybe 30) before we ordered, and this was after we asked them to take our order.  (There were only 3 other people at the bar at this time.)  I ordered two soft-shell tacos with no lettuce and a cheese enchilada.  My buddy ordered, and we asked for the check to be split.  (FYI...  I don't whisper; I'm a matter-of-fact speaker and never mumble.)  The bartender did not write down the order.  (This particular one never does.)  He asked 3 times for me to remind him what I ordered.  No, it's not because his English is bad; it's perfect, actually.  Also, we had to request the chips, beans, and salsa they always bring.  Not a biggie but seems so much worse piled on everything else that was messed up.  Some time passes.  We finally get our chips, and the meal arrives about 60 seconds after...ugh.  My soft-shell tacos with no lettuce (the ones I'd ordered and repeated 3 separate times when initially ordering) were hard-shell and had lettuce...AND the bartender/server didn't even acknowledge it was wrong.  We were super-upset but still didn't say anything.  Then when we had to leave, the check wasn't split.  That took 15 minutes to do.

The truth is, I hate disliking this place because I really want to like it!  When we just order drinks, they are AWESOME.  They are just severely lacking on food service when sitting at the bar...just that specifically.  That is a negative one star out of 5...ha.  I give them three because everyone, except the bartender that's working there the majority of the times we've been, which is around 20 times, is just sooooo terrible.  God bless him, he's bad.