Just got back from Los Taquitos. Picked up the 3 tacos combo. I got two fish and one shrimp with rice and beans for $6.75 plus tax and I also got a horchata. There are a couple thing I want to address. First off, the horchata was overwhelmingly sweet and grainy and this is because it is sitting in a container with spout on the bottom, so all the sugar and everything settles there and gets poured into the drink. It tasted almost like bubble gum. Easy solution, get a circulating fountain like most mexican restaurants have or even a container and ladle it out so it can be stirred, like I had in Mexico.
Ok Food, The tacos I had were really good, I just hate that they are only 3 bites each, I could eat like 10 and I'm a small girl. The street tacos in Mexico are bigger for sure. The shrimp was so tiny, like the smallest salad shrimp and there was 3 on my taco, so that just shows how small they are. The fish is good, but it is chopped up so it looks like chicken and kinda tastes like chicken and doesnt have much flavor on its own. It comes with just lettuce and pico which is fine, I would have preferred cabbage like in Mexico. I was offered one of each sauce. A spicy chipotle and a really spicy green. Both are good, the green a lil better. Rice and beans are good, nothing spectacular. I was a lil disappointed that i didn't get lime and napkins and a fork. I could have easily grabbed it myself but I was in a hurry.
I should also mention that the first time I went, my partner did not like the bombero burrito at all because it was drenched in the chipotle sauce, so if yo don't like chipotle I wouldn't recommend it.
As for the place itself, it has a good ambience. The counter girl is friendly. The mural on the wall is pretty badass. No table service so expect to wait for a number to be called.
Overall it's not a bad spot, probably the only lil mexican taco shop in Tuke. Please take my suggestions about the horchata and putting napkins, silverware and limes in the to go orders and consider upping the size of your tacos, I need more than 3 bites each!