My boyfriend and I came here for dinner after being told there would be over an hour wait for Culinary Dropout (sad face). We'd always been curious about this restaurant-apparently it had won some sort of "Best of 2012" award-Although I was a bit apprehensive that it only has 3 stars on Yelp. Everything's subjective I suppose.
 
We had to wait a bit here as well, although not nearly as long. I was super excited to see salsa dancers and a band performing in the outdoor dining area. We ended up being sat at the table right next to where the band was playing. I was a bit worried about that...I imagined having to shout my conversation or order to our server...thankfully the band wasn't obnoxiously loud.

Our server was super friendly and helpful. I ordered the red sangria and my boyfriend ordered the margarita. The sangria was very delicious, however the margarita was so-so. Not the best I've ever had, although I don't normally drink margaritas. 

We both ordered the tacos. I don't know what I ever expect to receive when I go to a nicer restaurant and order tacos. I looked at the menu and thought "Wow, that's some really inexpensive tacos! What a deal! 3 should be good for a meal!" I also thought the same thing when I went to Distrito (except they were pricier there). Well..the tacos we ordered were the tiny street tacos. Boo. And 3 was hardly enough for a meal! Ha. That's not a knock on them, it's my own ignorance for not ordering 6 as a meal, like the menu suggested. There just wasn't many fish or vegetarian items to choose from on the menu, which was surprising to me-I just didn't want to settle for a quesadilla! I ended up getting 3 different kinds of tacos: Salmon y Mango, Pescado, and the Nopalitos (just because I was curious to figure out what the heck cactus tastes like).  I can't quite recall what my boyfriend ordered..at least one was Carnitas. Our tacos came relatively quickly! I was really surprised considering how busy it was. They were really tasty. I enjoyed the Pescado one the most, however the cactus taco was quite an interesting experience. Not bad, just not my cup of tea. We also received salsa for our tacos, but both the green and red salsas were much too thin for my taste. Afterwards, we were still hungry so we ordered chips and salsa. The salsa that came with the chips was miles better! 

Overall, it was a pleasant dining experience. The atmosphere with the decor and live music was very enjoyable and our server was extremely friendly. The food was decent. I would probably go back another time just because the service was quite good.