The food was OK. The French toast that we went there for was soggy, a disappointing experience for sure, given the high praise the French toast was given in the Phoenix New Times article "Top 10 Places For French Toast" (http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/restaurants/10-best-french-toasts-in-metro-phoenix-6550117)... It smelt delicious coming out, but the dazzle of smell set a high bar for something so lackluster in texture. The flavor was on point, but texture is a huge part of French toast, just like French fries. Nobody wants soggy French fries... Nobody wants soggy French toast. 2 stars.. Has potential to be great, given the right cooking technique. 

I had the jalapeño eggs Benedict, which was 4 star...  Very good, crispy edged English muffin, thick ham, and perfectly poached eggs... The jalapeño hollandaise sauce was fantastic, probably the best I've had. The potatoes were a bit under cooked, it seemed. Just a tad on the raw side... I was expecting something with a bit of crispness on the outside with less raw potato flavor on the inside, and more baked or fried potato flavor.

Now onto the worst part, which really tipped the scales for my girlfriend and I... It was this woman at the bar... This place is only about 12 feet wide and 30 feet long... This lady was loud enough for every person in a 30 yard radius of any venue to hear her personal affairs if she was talking and laughing at the same volume in a larger, packed establishment... I felt bad. She ruined our lunch. There were only 7 patrons in the building and 3 staff, and "never been married, never gonna get married, never gonna have kids, only have one cat" bar lady was absolutely destroying the experience. 5 anti-stars!!!! The only reason I'm not counting this as part of the review is because it's not the establishment's fault... The workers there seemed to be talking to her in their best quiet voices but she was just rampagingly obnoxious with her voice. I guess alcohol can have that effect, but lady, it's 2 in the afternoon... Seek help, not attention. 

We will go back another time when the environment is equally loud (probably in the evening) so the background noise is white noise, not conversation killing. And we'll order something more oriented toward their dinner menu, which the hens over open flame rotisserie looked delicious. Once we do that, I'll update the review based on our shared experience. 

Until then, try Dick's, just don't get the French toast.