I purchased a coupon, this was my first time there and I went for lunch with a friend who had also never been.

It is a very nice atmosphere and more upscale than I was expecting.  We were taken to tall tables just off the bar.  I only saw one other couple in there and they were in another room with lots of windows.  The bar area is a bit dark but very nice.
Our waiter brought us their drink menu and dinner menu.  Since I'd just been on their website I knew they had a lunch menu with $9.95 specials.  Even though we were there at 12:30 pm we had to specifically ask for their lunch menu.  This was red-flag #1.

My friend wanted one of those special margaritas whereas I asked for "just a plane old margarita."  The waiter said "so you want the 'house' margarita'" and walked away.  Both margaritas were very good, my friend was particularly pleased with his.  Mine was a little fancy for my taste.

He ordered the Chicken Enchilada and really liked it.  I ordered Chile Relleno, and while it was prepared very well, it wasn't like any Chile Relleno I'd ever had before.  It had a sweet taste to it and was very rich.  While I believe many would really enjoy the way they prepared, I wouldn't order it again.  I'm much more of a plane-Jane sort of guy.

When the bill came we were charged for two of the special margaritas my friend had ordered ($10/each).  We asked about it and the waiter said "that's just the way it comes up on the register; they're both the same price so it doesn't matter."  I wanted to know how a plane old margarita could be the same price as a "special" margarita and he explained that he'd brought me a "house" margarita, not a "well" margarita.  I guess a "well" margarita was what I thought my vocabulary was asking for but somehow things got confused in the translation.  This was red-flag #2.
My friend will most definitely go back and take his wife.  He knows margaritas and prides himself in making them himself and immediately knew theirs were made with fresh lemons.  The waiter confirmed this.

While I wouldn't avoid this place, and even though they have very good food, drinks, and atmosphere, I'm the sort of person that is put-off by multiple red-flags.  Red-flags in this instance translate to "not total honesty."