I've been a fan of El Sombrero for many years. It has been a long-time staple lunch experience. You would walk into this very small house/building, sit at rustic tables, be waited on by friendly servers, and have a fantastic, authentic meal. The place was loud, because it was ALWAYS packed at lunch, the food service a bit slow, but it was one of the closest things you could have to a "Las Vegas Experience" (whatever that may be) given it's been in operation since 1950. It used to be you'd see the business community movers & shakers here; local and state politicians ate here frequently as well. The food was very good, but the experience was authentic...from the heart.

But, that changed. About 8-months ago the place had a remodel and is rebranding themselves as a Mexican Bistro. Now, let me start by saying the food wasn't bad, just bland. The service was actually quite good, but the authenticity of the place is gone. As we walked in, we walked over a fake grass pad and under patio umbrellas to the entrance. The place is totally redone...and done nicely. The floors have nice new trendy ceramic tile to look like wood planks, the décor is modern, the lighting is cool, the waiters are dressed smartly. Everything looked great and I was anticipating an equally great meal. Surprisingly, it had no people. For lunch, I'm used to standing around and waiting for somebody to leave. But that wasn't necessary on our visit as there were only three other tables taken when we walked in. This seemed odd given my previous experiences and that we were there during prime lunch time. And equally surprisingly, nobody else came in while we were there. By the time we left, we were the only group. We all ordered the chicken enchiladas, and three of us had combo #2 which includes beef tacos. The food came timely, the presentation was nice, but the food...meh...bland and unimpressive. Nobody at our table had a bad thing to say about the food, but we didn't have anything good thing to say either. And for this lunch-time blandness, with only soda to drink, the bill was $20 per person which isn't a lot of money, but it's more than I'd pay for an unimpressive lunch.

If folks are seeking the simple authenticity and goodness of Las Vegas' El Sombrero, they will be disappointed with El Sombrero Mexican Bistro. The place has changed and I have to say that although it's all dressed up, the goodness it once was is gone.  I sincerely hope the kitchen can catch up to the new look and that they can re-discover the reasons El Sombrero has thrived in Vegas for 65 years.