Talk about reminiscing about the days visiting my college roommate down in southern california (Huntington Beach) kicking it by the pier getting some fish tacos. The only thing that was missing was the sand all over the floor. Darn they need too work on that one. Lol! Wahoo Fish Tacos is affordable tacos, good portion, and like laid back southern california feel too it. If billabong, quicksliver, go on and on surfing. Then not too mention all the skateboard brand names. The posters it totally feels like rad place too hang out with friends whether it be in the restaurant or the bar area. Not that into any of those things but if your fan definitely love the decor and vibe.

The food its your basic mexican food nothing really out there with WoW factor. I ended up getting the The Kahuna Grande. Like mention earlier get great value for the price because all the Combo Platters comes with rice (choose from steam, spanish) and beans (refried, black, and believe one other option). The Kahuna Grande you get choice of one taco or enchilada I went with the enchilada. Also three tequitos for all three get choose your protein. That another list of things too choose from so when it comes too options there are plenty too choose from plus even go healthy. I when with carne asada for enchilada then chicken for tequitos. Overall I liked the whole dish felt like everything was okay. The carne asada had nice flavor too it and combine with the enchilada sauce on top nice combination of flavor. The tequitos just okay. The black bean side was fabulous! I liked that the black beans was cooked perfect and had nice flavor. The steamed rice was just steamed rice nothing special. The guacamole was terrible. Me if there was anything that not fan of it was the guacamole. I feel like not even fresh made and just off with no flavor whatsoever. The salsa was ok. I came with my brother family so got too try the cajun chicken nachos. Just not fan. It was way heavy top loaded and not very good. 

I like the fact that the prices are great for under $10 get lot. Food is ok nothing special but being close too home if ever want quick mexican food other then Robertos. Wahoo Fish Tacos is place that come back too again..