After many months of waiting for a restaurant to take the space at the bottom of the Glass Lofts(and then many more for it to actually be constructed!), Verde has finally had a soft opening to the public. Why soft? The way I understand it, not of all their alcohol is in yet. Regardless, I will review it as such, and take the service into account as little as possible - the star rating does not reflect the service, and I will put service related comments in a section at the end.

We arrived for our 7:00 reservations and were seated immediately, the restaurant was just under half full and the bar was just over three quarters full. We were seated at a small two-person table(I hate those damn things) , and given brand-spanking-new menus. The right-hand side of the menu is the beverages: 4 or 5 margaritas from $6-8, a handful of craft cocktails for $10, tequilas running the gamut from $4 to $54 for a shot, beers for $5, and standard mexican N/A drinks. I loved this part of the menu because while I don't care much for margaritas, and I'm not much for tequila, they do offer several different tasting flights that are fairly affordable. These range in price from about 7 to 11 and offer trios by style or by brand. The tequilas are also served with a shot of Sangrita - a delicious concoction that goes perfectly with tequila and tastes kind of like a bloody mary but without crappy tabasco flavor.

The left hand of the menu offers about 8 appetizers($4-$10), most involving chips, soups and salads(~$8), entrees($14-$20), and tacos($4-$6/ea). While the appetizers and salads had several veggie options, there were only two entrees(and no tacos) that fell into the category. Regardless, the vegetarian items were marked, so that gets points.

My girlfriend ordered a 'Spicy Honey BBQ' margarita, while I opted for the 'Tequila 101' flight(one blanco, one reposado, and one anejo). We also got the fried plantains with chipotle aioli as a starter, and I got the chicken mole while she got the mushroom enchiladas. Her margarita, while it had a tasty aftertaste, had a bit too much lime for me - but I she enjoyed it. My tequila was fairly self-explanatory, but I love the concept of the flight. It really lets you enjoy their differences-the smells, the tastes, the burns, etc- all at once, and allows you a better appreciation for their differences.

Chips and salsa came first, and they were awesome. Not a lot of cilantro in the salsa(I hate cilantro) and the chips tasted fresh. When the plantains arrived, their presentation was wonderful, placed on a banana leaf, but unfortunately I found that they were too thick to really enjoy. The flavor of the sauce and the cotija was excellent, but it was quickly lost while the thick, starchy plantain persisted.

Our mains arrived, mine over fries made of Yucca and hers with red rice and black beans on the side. I found her rice and beans to be wonderful - especially the strong tomato and pepper flavor in the rice, but again my Yucca was too thick and starchy to eat even the modest serving that accompanied my dish. My girlfriend said that her enchiladas were excellent as far as flavor goes, but they were fairly small and for only two of them, she felt the value wasn't quite there for a vegetarian dish. My chicken on the other hand was a fairly sizable porton and extremely well cooked - my only complaint being that I'd love more mole with it. Also, being still on the bone made it a bit difficult to eat in this kind of restaurant.

The desserts sounded good, but we opted out. Our waitress urged us to try the sorbet when we returned. Verde is a good option, and nice to see some mexican food in the area that isn't simply burritos. As we exited, the table next to us was served a chili relleno that, if it tasted as good as it looked, could have earned another star easily. Sadly, though for the price and the quality, I feel that it would be hard for us to make the decision to walk past salt to eat here. As a bar lounge, I think Verde excels, but as a restaurant, I think it falls a bit short. I will gladly return in a few months to give them another chance, though

Also I'd be doing them a disservice if I failed to mention the free wifi and extra outlets in the restaurant. Chips, salsa, a drink, and a laptop could turn this place into an excellent spot to work through lunch.

-----

Service: The service was poor, even for an opening night. In the two hours(!) it took us to get our food, our waitress only spoke to us about 3 times(At no point did they mention the wait, ask us to bear with them, etc). Worse though, in start contrast to the image they portray through their social media presence, the service was stiff and as formal as they could try and be - it came off as inauthentic in my opinion. Again, I won't dwell on the service issues because it was opening night - I'm sure they'll be ironed out quickly.