Pre-art crawl dinner with a party of 6 in Shadyside West (yup, this is the name that real estate folks are now calling Garfield).  After reading all of the mixed reviews we were a tad apprehensive, but excited to try some new Mexican eats!

The host/waitstaff is super nice and patient, especially after I had to change the time of our reservation twice. The first thing that struck us when we walked in was the noise level. It's loud in there. We were seated at a table near the bar where a gaggle of girls seemed to be having a heated conversation/borderline fight. Since we are all avid people watchers and love a good senseless brawl, this was great pre appetizer entertainment! Although this probably would have annoyed the average diner, especially because several waiters passed by and did not say anything to them.

We ordered a bunch of appetizers for the table, which came out promptly. The first, a deep dried artichoke with aioli, was dry and tasteless. The batter had a bitterness to it that I can't quite explain? And the aioli was oily and thick- no flavor. The flatbread was decent- tasty mushrooms but the sauce, like a black bean mole, was cold and dry as well. OK, two disappointments so far. Will the ceviche pull through???!!! Why....yes! This was def the highlight of the meal- LOVED it!!!! It was probably the best I've ever had! Nice, big chunks of tender, perfectly marinated fish. I could have scooped the entire thing into my mouth at once. SO good!

The main entrees did not come out as quickly. My vegetarian enchilada with tofu and Spinach had WAY too much cumin and enchilada sauce on it.....and was also cold! I took one bite and was done. So dissipointed.Thankfully my fella was kind enough to switch entrees (he will eat absolutely anything) with me so my things quickly looked up! His entree, marinated chicken soft tacos with chipotle creme sauce, was good. Nice spice, but I would have preferred more veggies....the soft taco shell/chicken/veggie ratio was just way off. It made me really really miss all of the taco trucks I used to walk by in downtown LA and take advantage of everyday. Hummmphh. *_*

Did I have a good time? Yes! Did I love the food? No, but I would go back for appetizers only and drinks. I am hopefully that, in time, the before mentioned kinks will be worked out, as the location and concept is really fantastic!