My wife and I are new to Vegas, and after an underwhelming return from our google search for good Mexican food, we decided to try Juan's out.

The restaurant is nice enough: good appearance, well decorated and thought out, everything appeared clean inside and out.  Be prepared for a tight parking situation if you arrive during the lunch hour.  When we went, Juan's was not busy, but its already narrow parking lot is situated right next to a popular In N Out location which can make things a bit tricky around that time. Not a real problem, however.

I enjoyed the complimentary chips and salsa.  The chips weren't served warm but they were fresh and tasted quite good.  The salsa was enjoyable too.  It was a pretty standard house salsa but I didn't mind it at all.  Most Mexican restaurants offer free chips and salsa when you dine in, but what I really appreciate about Juan's is there unique addition to this tradition.  They also bring out a bowl of refried beans (very tasty), and a plate of roasted Jalapenos and sauteed onions to the table.  Honestly, I love snacking before a meal, and im a spicy food fanatic, so these complimentary offerings really speak to me.

I can't say I enjoyed the rest of my experience as much. My wife ordered a steak fajita burrito and I got a two-item lunch combo with a chile relleno and an enchilada.  The presentation was decent, but there were no stand-out flavors.  Enchiladas are one of my favorite things in the world to eat and I've got to say that Juan's take on them are just sort of average. I liked the relleno a little better, but it wasn't great.  The meat in my wife's burrito was pretty good but she didn't like her meal, overall.  I'll admit, it's a little unfair to visit a place with "Fajitas" in the title and not order a fajita platter to try on our first trip, so maybe we'll try that if we ever return.

Juan's serves pretty decent Mexican food, the place is clean and the staff is friendly.  I didn't hate anything, but nothing really left me wanting more.