I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of Taco Guild for months. I drive and walk by frequently since I'm a nearby Cheery Lynn Historic neighborhood resident. I checked out the menu online before they opened their doors and could hardly wait to taste each of the deliciously described taco creations. So tonight we were excited to finally get to check it out. 

The very first thing I noticed when we walked through the doors was how freaking LOUD it was!! Like really loud!!! The music is blasting right over your head and my husband and I felt like we had to yell to each other over the 2 feet of table between us. It is a big open space with concrete floors so not a lot to absorb the sound but the music needs to be kicked down several notches. I have been to places where I think to myself it is too loud (and I watch movies and t.v. with subtitles because I can't hear all that well) but for this reason alone, I could not wait to get out of there. It stressed me out the whole time... so uncomfortable. 

The tacos on the other hand were pretty yummy! It is not on the menu for some reason, but our very nice waiter told us that you can do a three taco platter that comes with a side (the menu only has everything a la carte). It was my husband, myself and our six year old son. We got two platters, so six tacos and two sides for us all to split. We did the Al Pastor Pork (delish), Urban Bean Coffee Braised Beef (the only thing our kid could eat since everything else was on the spicy side and there's no options for kids), Guild Chicken (my third favorite), Yucatan Shrimp (good, but my least fave), Thai Snapper (my second favorite - so good!) and the Peking Duck (my favorite - surprising flavors - very creative!!)

The sides were pretty bland. The descriptions on the menu make them sound so good. I was disappointed in the Grilled Corn "off" the Cob and the Green Chile Achiote Rice. I just wished they lived up to my expectations and were more flavorful.

Another thing is I realize with the loud music and the bar that they are not necessarily catering to families with kids, but there should be something kid-friendly on the menu at any restaurant. A chicken and cheese quesadilla or bean and cheese burrito or something. Take it from St. Francis and Postino's: both more adult settings, but have kid friendly options on their menus. We eat out A LOT and pretty much always have the kid with us. We don't want to have to get a babysitter just because we want to have good food in a fun atmosphere. 

Since it is just down the street and we love to support local owned business we will most definitely come back and give it another chance. Like to try some guacamole since I saw the people that sat at the table next to us order it and it looked delicious. I also want to try the Grilled Romaine Salad since the pic on the website looks amazing.

I've reread my review and I hate that I sound so negative. I'd like to think they are just getting into their groove and it will only improve with a little feedback. I want to see them do well since I think it is a great addition to the neighborhood!