The food here is great.  The service sucks.

First, I came here for dinner and drinks with my husband.  The restaurant looked pretty empty but they sat us next to a service station with a wastepaper basket.  The servers tossed trash past our heads into the trash can until I glared at them enough and they got the hint.  Still, it's not rocket science people. 

But the shrimp Diablo and sea scallops were excellent.  Perfectly yummy.

More recently, I came here for lunch with a friend.  It was packed and you needed a reservation to sit at a table for lunch.  We ended up sitting at the bar and waiting forever for service.  The bartender handed us menus and then proceeded to run around like a chicken with his head cut off.  He just could not multi-task.  For example, if someone needed a drink refill that was his one and only focus.  He couldn't deal with more than one drink refill at a time, much less any other tasks.  It was painful to watch.

Some people sat next to us and they knew the drill.  When the bartender tried to hand them menus, they refused and rattled off what they wanted before he could get away.  When we tried to order from him after they did, the bartender wasn't having it.  Apparently he could only handle one task at once.  When we finally got him to take our order, he complained to us like it was our fault.  He said, and I quote, "It's not like I'm just hanging out back here."  Ok.  We had to remind him to bring our drink orders and had doubts that he even put our lunch order in.  It was horrendous.

By the time we got our food, my friend was starving.  She ordered the tortilla soup without cheese because she can't have cheese.  But it came with it anyway.  She had some and then focused on her cheese-free salad.  We knew we'd be there for another hour if we tried to resolve the soup issue, so we just let it go.  I hope she didn't get sick.

But once again, the food was excellent.  I had the chicken tostada salad which is deconstructed - not exactly what I expected. At first I thought they gave me the wrong thing. But it was really good. It comes with a whole chicken breast and then the tostada off to the side.  The chicken was nice and juicy.  It comes with a great, spicy sauce.  The tostada was crisp with the right amount of beans, salsa, guacamole, cheese, and crema.

The design of this place is just stupid.  A large chunk of the middle of the bar is taken up by a pile of ice with tequila in it.  Why I have no idea.  And they used to have tables across from the bar but they took those out to put in couches and ottomans.  All this makes no sense to me.  It's not like people are going to the World Market Center to go clubbing.  Yet they are designing it like a club for some reason.  But the restaurant could use more seating, especially during lunch.  They should bring out the couches and weird ice thing on the bar during dinner when it's dead if they think it's so brilliant.

They do not have the staff to handle the occasional demand for this place.  Plus, the staff I've encountered lack basic common sense. It's disappointing because the food is really well-executed.  Maybe takeout?  I have to give it an A-OK because I love the food.  I hope the service will get better.  I'll give it a few months and try again.  Perhaps.