Let me start by saying, I would have rated Joyride a 4, but for one significant fact--the mixed drinks are a poor value. Nine dollars for a small glass that is filled with 75% ice just doesn't cut it. To top it off, they arrive with short straws (Disney made the 2nd and 3rd stories of Main Street buildings progressively smaller so you would think they were taller) which causes your drink to disappear even faster. When we ordered a third house Margarita and requested less ice, the bartender limited the ice but simply poured the drink shorter. I guess they have to pay for the exquisite decorations and furnishings somehow! 

Joyride is cut in the new mold of restaurants intended for both seeing and being seen. Where the value of the meal you pay for is significantly in the theater of the atmosphere. Something you can't take home with you. That said, there's a lot of theater here, and it is very well done. Everything exudes quality. From the chairs, comfy and styled, to the decorations. Not a stone appears to have been unturned to create and resurrect images, colors and shapes evocative of childhood memories residing in the deepest recesses of baby boomer brains. It is outstanding. And the food is a decent value as well. 

I had the carne asada burrito and my wife had the chicken tamale. Both very good and ample. the chips are great and the service attentive. In fact, I would say that the staff was a cut above the (low) average set by Fox Concept restaurants. Everyone from the greeter/hostess to the waitstaff and manager were solicitous and genuine (well as genuine as they have time to be). These are real people with a mission and vision instilled by the owners...not bimbos and bimbettes schooled in the fine art of maximizing (restaurant) revenue, minimizing expense and maximizing tip income. 

So, Joyride delivers more than most theater restaurants: good value in food (both cost and quality), great surroundings (visually and in terms of comfort) but you pay for it in the cocktails. I suppose an alternate strategy would be to rely on beer. Or, if you don't drink beer, have one cocktail at home before coming over (but who wants to make a margarita at home, especially on a Friday night after work)...I have never found homemade ones to be that great. Joyride does offer a taller glass for an additional two dollars. Which I suppose has the amount of alcohol that the $9 one should have.

Also, as an earlier review warned, avoid the double trio of two person tables sandwiched together at either end of the lovely round booths. You will feel uncomfortable and untethered as the wait-staff traverses these thoroughfares (a feng-shui moment).

Even though you do end up paying more...you don't feel quite as cheated as at the other "theme" restaurants.