(2 1/2 stars)
 
In the Phoenix area, where I was born and mostly raised, I have been to more disappointing restaurants than I can count..  My family has their stand-bys (La Casa Blanca in Chandler is one of our favorites and so was the Gecko Grill before they shut it down), but we decided to give this one a try over the holidays.  

This place was pretty solid if you're looking for a cheap place to feed a family.  At the hostess stand, we were informed that all appetizers were free in the bar area during happy hour--so major points there.  We decided to sit in the dining room though, and there was one poor guy running the entire floor all night.  So service was slow, but given the circumstances, I think the server did a great job.

To start, they have 3 types of dips to offer with the chips--a bean dip, a mild salsa and a spicier salsa.  The mild salsa had too much cilantro for me, but my family seemed to enjoy it. The spicier version was delicious and loaded with garlic. 

The menu was (almost too?) extensive and had lots of things like burgers and chicken wings on there mixed in with authentic Mexican (menudo, anyone?) and Tex-Mex. I had the "A La Carte #2" option which, true to its name, came with a single chile relleno and a spinach enchilada.  The relleno sauce was almost inedibly salty, so I had to scrape quite a bit of it off, but the pepper itself was good.  The spinach enchilada was pretty delicious, though, again, salty. 

My parents gave mixed reviews on their seafood chimis...I had a bite and didn't like it....I think there was fake crabmeat in there somewhere so it just tasted weirdly fishy. My sister had a chicken tostada compuesta, and she seemed the happiest.

I also had a margarita on the rocks...not the best I've had, but good.  Also tried the frozen mango margarita, which was kind of watery.  

We topped off the meal with fried ice cream....the fried bowl with cinnamon sugar was better than the ice cream itself, which tasted like the grease they fried it in...mine was saved by the .25 shot of Kahlua poured onto it.  They also offer chocolate fried ice cream, which my sister didn't like....it wasn't my favorite, either, but it was nice to see something unique.  Because of the slow service, the server threw in a plate of these mini fried things stuffed with apples...not sure what they were, but I enjoyed them.

All told, it wasn't anything stellar, but I would come here again.