The Pancita taco is outrageously awesome. Order it during Happy Hour (after 9PM) and get 2 tacos for $5.50. The Carne taco also great - tender and savory, almost Lengua-like.

The Camaron (shrimp) taco is slathered in what they call "Chipotle Mojo" sauce which is an orange-colored, Sunday sauce-like (but Mexican) curry-like concoction. It also makes an appearance on their nacho plates. The repurposing of this sauce on multiple menu items is questionable, and something about the look of it is a little off-putting. On the shrimp taco it completely shrouds the ingredients in an opaque orange layer. Close your eyes and it tastes alright, but the overall visual is somewhat IKEA-cafeteria-like. All tacos are served on skinny, rectangular plates, so aim your taco droppings well or you'll be saying "Chipotle Uh-oh" on yer pants.

The nachos have potential - served on a hot metal vessel atop a wooden plank. But I wish the nachos were made with 3X more warm hockey-game queso, like the famed Isla Nachos of pre-2013 Treasure Island days... Nacho Daddy is the closest you'll find these days.

Mercadito's Habanero salsa and other salsas on the side will be charged for to the tune of $3.50+, so heat-seekers be warned. The Habanero salsa itself lacks punch - probably the weakest Habanero heat I've experienced since the Habanero salsa craze started. Absolutely no comparison to the *free* secret Habanero served at Javier's.

I'm a fan of the Mexican cocktail menu. The 'Misty Sleeve' was hibiscus-y and refreshing. At $10.50 though, it's all the money. A solid, standard Margarita will set you back $8.50. Not terribly pricey, but not five bucks.

Enjoyed the warm 3-corn pico, but was hard to eat in a shallow glass bowl. Keeping the kernels from flying off the edge was challenging.

Currently running a pretty slangin' deal on Tuesdays for 'industry folk': 50% off your check!

Prices are generally above-average for average Mexican fare. This place is trying to compete with the likes of Javier's (at Aria) but lacks the generous portions, go-for-it flavors, and beautiful plating/presentation. If you're gonna charge 5X-6X more than a taco stand, your food needs to please your palate at least 2X more. That's weird going-out-to-eat math, but ni modo!