I'm giving this location two stars instead of one just because I love cafe rio so much. 

I downloaded this app just to make a review and this will also be my first review of anything ever. 

The last 4 times I have been to this location the service has got progressively worse. The first two times it didn't have anything to do with me and both times it was the same Asian employee. 3rd time the white kid with tattoos on his arms who might be a semi new hire and the 4'8" Mexican lady that usually runs the cash register we the ones to  blame. 4th time was the most ridiculous visit. I walk in and there is only one person in line and he was getting steak nachos and asked for extra steak, which they were out of. He said he would wait because it looked like the steak was almost done cooking on the grille. I wanted a steak salad and I said I would wait as well. The front line person told the kid on the grille who's name I want to say is Jason or Chris that we need steak. Just so happened the two people behind me wanted steak also so at this point the whole line was stopped and everyone was just awkwardly standing there. So the front line lady told the grille cook again that we really need that steak right now and he just nods his head. I work in the industry and I know how people's misconception of time is so ill try to be very accurate. About 1.5 min later he starts slowly taking the meat off and putting it into a metal container, which I understand it need to cook all the way. He then proceeded to go into the back and get a new container of mean and then loads the grille up with the raw meat. At this point everyone is getting super aggravated. The front line lady tells him again that we need the steak asap. He slowly washes his hands and puts gloves on and then a metal glove over the food service glove and then a plastic glove over the metal. So it's been about 2-3 more min sense he put the raw meat on and then he starts seasoning it and waits about 30second and then he starts slowly and I mean slowly flipping the meat!!! The girl then again asks him for the steak now and he finally starts chopping it up. At this point there is about 12 people behind me. 

Sorry for the rant and if anyone from cafe rio is reading this I hope it was as painful to read as my experience was.