Kathy, my daughter, took me on my last meal while in Las Vegas to her fav' Mexican Fast Food spot... Cafe Rio. 

First reaction.... Dang, this place is POPULAR! As in lines out the door! And a little wait while you're waiting to place your order.

On the menu...

Wheat Tortillas (**** 1/2) On first inspection, these Wheat Tortillas look a little too crispy and maybe tough... One of the Assembly Line workers actually gave me a complimentary 6" diameter Wheat Tortilla just to try! Definitely not a crispy exterior. The Tortilla is a very good alternative to the traditional Flour Tortilla made with Lard... which I still prefer!  But, if I'm in Las Vegas... why not? This is Cafe Rio's Tortilla-making station ( http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/uxdGHvw2609oKu0R3z00OA/l )...

Fideo Friday Special (*** $6.95) When Kathy heard I was interested in the Fideo Friday Special... she responded with an "Ewww!". In California, however, there are a few courageous restaurants that advertise as being Italian - Mexican. I, myself, think that is not outrageous as one initially thinks. Let me propose this... Chile Relleno Ranchero Sauce with some Pasta... That to me sounds VERY GOOD and Tasty!

After traversing through the circuitous waiting line... Kathy and I arrived at the ordering / assembly line area... where the first glance is at the Wheat Flour Tortilla Making area. You can see the Tortilla Maker make about six HUGE Wheat Tortillas on a round Grill that reminded me of a huge Crepe Griller.

The Fideo Special just did not work... Too watery or liquidy for a Pasta dish whether it's Italian or Mexican. Or maybe the entree had just too many textures... Crispy Tortilla Strips, Grilled Chicken, Fideo... and then that daub of Sour Cream... SOUR CREAM with Pasta?!?! Dunno... just didn't work for me... did not seem like an integrated Entree... just "stuff" piled on top of each other.

Cafe Rio's Famous Tres Leches (**  1/2 $3.95) The Tres Leches, with slices of Strawberry and Whipped Cream.... was.... let's put it this way... infamous... not deserving of the fame claimed by Cafe Rio. I realize that Tres Leches with it's three types of Milk will have a resulting consistency very much like an Italian Tiramisu Dessert. The best version I've had was one that used thickened Milk which resulted in the Tres Leches having a consistency more like a Mousse or Custard. Just a suggestion...

Order of Iced Tea (**** Included with Fideo Special) Unlimited Refills... get it yourself at the machine...

Frankly, I was more impressed with Kathy's Pork Barbacoa Quesadilla. If I was rating that, and I only got about three bites, the Quesadilla would be definitely over 4-Stars. But, that was not my order...

During our meal, we noticed and heard all this shouting from the Cashier's area... Later, when the Lunch hour crowd died down... I asked that Cashier what's with the shouting? He said, unless the customer requests them not to shout, that the current customer requested EXTRA CHEESE (or whatever) or that the Customer just received a FREE MEAL with a redemption of one of their Buy 10, get one free cards.    For my part, if I come back.... no extra anything! And since I live in California... the Buy 10, get one free is of no use to me.


Kathy and I noticed, while we were eating that Cafe Rio has these HUMONGOUS Salads that are very popular... especially among the fairer sex. I was thinking to myself.... These Salads might have started out Healthy with all the best intentions.. but when the resulting Salad is close to SEVEN Inches high and weighing maybe 3-4 pounds.... There goes Healthy and Good Intentions down the drain... 

Something else of interest... Despite claiming to be a Mexican restaurant, the persons of authority, the Manager and Cashiers, were all non-Hispanic from what I could observe. Virtually all the "assembly-line" workers were Hispanic, though...

That's just a couple of thoughts...