I finally gave this place a try, and while I haven't quite made up my mind about it, I will say this: the food is good.

I didn't love my experience here, to be honest. The food is terribly overpriced, about 9 dollars and change if you set your burrito up with everything chipotle offers at around $8.  That wouldn't be so bad, but the lady making my burrito rolled it up long before I was done telling her what I wanted on it. I guess they put their pico de gallo, lettuce and other veggies on the side, which is ok but I would have liked the choice to have it in my burrito.  With only meat, beans, cheese, salsa, and a little rice inside, the burrito was near impossible to pick up without collapsing and spilling out large amounts of messy filling. I'd recommend ordering your burrito enchilada style with sauce and cheese on top since you will be eating it with a fork and knife no matter what.

I hope I don't sound like a grump, I did enjoy much of my meal.  The tortillas are fantastic. They are handmade, hot, fluffy, surprisingly flavorful. I'd get another sloppy burrito just to experience that tortilla again.

I ordered the Barbacoa since I had heard such great things about it, but I did not enjoy it. It was very sweet, which is fine in most BBQ, but this didn't seem to have any outstanding flavor besides overwhelming sweetness. Im more of a spicy kinda guy so I think this was probably just a bad choice for me, though I think there could have been more smokiness to the meat. Next time I will try it with steak or grilled chicken.

What I really need to tell you about is their chips, salsa, and queso dip. You must order these items. I know cafe rio is expensive, but it is absolutely necessary that you add this to your order. The chips are decent enough, but the salsa is great.. Probably the best I've had in Vegas so far. I didn't care for the salsa they put on my burrito but this one was delicious. The queso was awesome. Not the best I've ever had but definitely better than anything else I've had in town, and certainly a must have from cafe rio.

There is a pretty terrific collection of bottled hot sauces to add to your food if you're like me and enjoy a little food with your hot sauce.


I thought the staff was friendly enough, the dining room was clean and orderly.  Despite my many gripes with this place, there is a lot to like and I think it's definitely worth returning to.