If you read this, you'll probably wonder why I didn't give this place 1 star.  I cannot bring myself to give any place an overall 1 star rating unless the experience is so, exceptionally horrible, that I'm still complaining about it after I've left and I'm sitting at home.  
Not many places deserve one star in my book.  This one almost did, but I went in hungry and left full and forgot about it soon after I left so no 1 star here.  Plus, the staff were friendly even in the chaos and you can't ignore that.
That being said, my Mexican food standards are pretty high and everyone SWORE by this place so I finally tried it.  If I'm going to suffer the plight of diarrhea, I'd at least like some flavor to make it worth it.  I truly would prefer eating frozen burritos over this place.  
I'd also like to know who provided this restaurant with a single dollar sign.  I paid $12 for a soft tortilla on the bottom of my salad (what is that ish?), bland meat, the cheese they put on the salad was awkward for a Mexican salad, tasteless and sparse, topped with a side of the strangest Mexican salad dressing I've ever had and a small drink cup.  
Not  only that, but I had to shout my order across the noise to the person making my order and could barely hear the questions being asked.  Normally, that sort of thing doesn't bother me with this style of  restaurant, but this was worse than a bar on a Saturday night. 
Don't even get me started on the claustrophobic atmosphere.  Kids everywhere, kids screaming and kids dropping their food and crying. I'm not a kid person, but the parent to child ration was 1:3 and that could shake anyone trying to eat lunch.
The tables were so close together you have to ask the guests behind you to scoot forward so you can get out.  Tables were built around the waiting line so the people in line had the pleasure of watching you eat and you had the pleasure of being uncomfortable.
I could go on and on, but you get the gist of it.  
Wild horses could not drag me back to this place. If I won a $500 gift certificate here, I would give it away. Okay, I might sell it to someone,but the only way I'd ever eat here again is if I were starving.