This is the first place that I'm going to review badly despite their amazing food. I'm pretty easy going when it comes to customer service with wait staff and restaurant employees... but this place is bad enough to make me a not-so-nice guy. 

We've been here quite a few times and never once were treated satisfactory by the lackluster staff. Despite their tacos being some of the best amongst these Chipotle-like Mexican places... the service is horrible enough to make me not care. 

Let me explain here... 

First off, there isn't a single associate here that seems genuinely happy about being there. Some of them are yelling and singing stuff back and forth during busy times, but it seems like more of a gimmick than anything. On several occasions I've been met with snooty responses to simple questions... like this:

Me: "Can I get salsa in my taco's please?"
Them: "Uh, you want enchilada sauce in your tacos"
Me: "No, I want salsa in my taco's."
Them: "You want Pico De Gallo in your taco's?"
Me: "No, I want salsa in my taco's"              *Points to Salsa container*
Them: "Uh" *Blank look on face*
Me: "Ummmmmmm" *Doesn't know what else to say*
Them: "So you want salsa in your taco's"
Me: "Yeahhhhhhh"
Them: "Ok"            *Proceeds to scoop enchilada sauce into mini side cup and put on my tray. 
Me: "Eh"             *Walks away without salsa, and gives up in shame*

...this salsa misunderstanding is one of three times this has happened to me at Cafe Rio. I don't know how it's possible... but I think some of their staff don't know what salsa is. I feel like that should be a requirement for working at a Mexican restaurant, but apparently to the dunces behind the counter; all sauce which is red in color is the same thing. 

On other occasions I've been given the wrong kind of meat, then all but yelled at when telling them it was wrong. They also gave my Mom shit once because she asked for corn taco's instead of flour. She has a food allergy and can't eat flour tortillas... but the guy behind the counter couldn't understand that and kept insisting that she should go with flour; while my poor Mom tried to defend and explain herself; I was there when it happened and it was f'ing weird. 

All this, and to add to it their beloved 'Taco Tuesdays' here has become a sham. It started out being a dollar per taco which was a good deal, then they raised it to $1.50... which was questionable... they then raised it again to $2.00 per taco; which isn't even special. Six bucks for three tacos is pretty much regular price! I wonder if they just think people are stupid enough to go in and pay that without realizing the price isn't special at all. Additionally the regular prices are a bit higher than other similar options like Q'doba or Chipotle. It's also extra for some toppings which you can get for free at other places. I think they believe their food is good enough to excuse the higher prices and horrible service, but it most certainly isn't! 

This place only gets two stars because their pork tacos are damn good, and their flour tortillas are pretty amazing. Other than the food though, this place fails on every level.