So... Do NOT go with a big group on a Friday night at 7pm.  It was an hour and a half wait.  But what do you expect on a Friday night with 16 people.  Yea... we weren't exactly on our A-Game... we should have split up into groups of 4 and probably got sat a lot quicker.

As it turned out... most of our group left and by the time they had a table for us... we were down to 5.  Of course, we had been at the bar drinking margaritas and beers and eating chips and salsa.... so we weren't terribly starved when we sat down.

The margaritas are very tasty... however, was a bit bummed that the Cadillac margarita was not served with the Grand Marnier on the side.  Oh well.

The chips and salsa were Right On!  Nice and crispy chips and the salsa had a bit of nice heat and flavor different from most salsas.  It wasn't your typical pico chopped salsa... this was smooth and liquidy... but don't let that influence you til you taste it.  

Once we got around to dinner.... i had the albondigas soup... it wasn't very "soupy".  It had lots of rice and like 6 medium sized meatballs... I thought it was filling and tasty.  The soup part wasn't just broth... it had a nice light beefy-tomato-y broth to it.

I also helped the hubby eat some of his Muchacho Grande Burrito.  You had better be hungry when you order that.... it's freakin' huge.  There's red and green chili as well as chorizo in it.

The one knock I have on this place is the guacamole.... it's not real.  I ordered it as a side and it came out as guacamole cream.  I'm something of a guacamole snob.... i like my guac fresh with chunks of avocados.  

A friend ordered the pollo fundido and it too was Huge!  and the Jalapeno cream sauce it came with was off the hook.  We dipped everything in it.  :)

This is a very local type joint.... love the local, family atmosphere.  The servers and folks here work hard and do the best they can to accommodate as many people as possible as quickly as possible.  It's not a huge place so expect a wait on the weekends because this is a local favorite.  :)