I call this... "Ode To The Only Resturant I Truely Love"

My parents went to school with the owner's kids. They remember when it was a walk-up window take out place. Infact, when my father picked my mother and I up from the hospital after I was born, the FIRST stop they made on the way back to the rez was Poncho's! 

One of the co-owners likes to laugh and say that she saw me before most of my family did! I went from being in a car seat gurgling as my relatives chomped on the best chips in town served with some awesome hot sauce that hasn't really changed since I was young. To being a little girl who always ordered the deep friend tortilla wrapped hot dogs with crinkle cut french fries and the BEST coldest ketchup I ever had!! To being a young woman who brought every single close friend I met while being away at school or through the native pageant circuit to enjoy the wonders that is "The Works". 

My FAVORITE meal there is the cheese crisp as an appetizer, Combination #18 which is two tacos (i always order beef!), rice & beans. They have the best beans EVER!! And the rice is awesome too! I've had all the desserts on their menu and nothing really jumps out at me. I guess I still love the family tradition of going to the water & ice cream shop for thrifty ice cream before heading home! 

I have had many experiences at this resturant. I've held my high school graduation party there; this resturant was the place where I signed a contract that made me the goodwill ambassador of my people for nearly a year; it was from their bar that I had my first LEGAL margarita on my 21st birthday, it was also the place where my then boyfriend got on one knee and asked me to marry him, and it was their waitresses who said "to HELL with him!!" when we ended our engagement. 

It's a wonderful place to me, I like that I can go in and say "Hi Marty!" to their one time waitress who now manages the resturant. and have her yell, "HI CHERYL!!" Yes... that's right!! That's how long she has known me!! She can call me Cheryl and get away with it!! I also love the other long time co-owners/managers. There is one that always wants to buy a certain piece of jewelry off of me. And another who always laughes when I bring someone new in. 

Poncho's is a place of regulars... LONG time regulars. and i think this is what every great restuant needs. Local, long time regulars who grow with the restuant. Who bring in new friends to enjoy the huge wonderful chimichangas or the Presidential Special and laugh over delicious enchiladas while a secret service agent (who kinda looks like leslie nealson if u ask me) painted on the wall watches on. While a bustling resturant does what it does best: offer homestyled, friendly, affordable and great food to it's old time regulars and it's about-to-become regulars.