I've been anxiously waiting for Mercadito to open and it finally has!! 

Mercadito has some great offerings! From their multitude of draft and frozen cocktails to their tacos that are oh so original. 

They are currently only open for dinner but will be opening for lunch on the 7th of July and on July 21st for Brunch. They will serve brunch from 11:30am-3:00pm, Lunch hours will be 11:30am-4:00pm. Dinner starting at 4pm everyday. 

I sampled the pina and toreado guacamoles and both were fresh and fabulous! The toreado has a curry type flavor which an article by Seven recently stated it was Maggi. Yum! Definitely the umami taste they are hoping you will have. 

I also had a Carnitas de Puerco taco which is braised pork belly, seared til crispy on the outside and a fresh and crispy slaw. The sauce on this was so yummy!  As well as the Pollo taco...chicken, corn and avacado. What more can you ask for on a taco. NO hot sauce required. The flavors are definitely unique. 

On to the best part....cocktails!!! (We did not have beer but they have the usual suspects) The have the new fad of draft cocktails, we had the Cheeky Cheeky Boom Boom, sure to make you cheeky  with vodka and elderflower liqueur. Oh man! Just so good! We also had The Turista, tequila, grapefruit, cherries. The ingredients say there is Black Pepper Syrup and BBQ Bitters in this drink and I would not have ordered it thinking they would be too overwhelming....they were not and I didn't know that until I reviewed the menu. It was a great drink, the grapefruit wasn't too sour, nice light taste. The cherries in this drink really make it a treat. We had samplings of so many other cocktails, they were all good.  But my least favorite was the Pepino el Pyu, a frozen cocktail made with cucumber. It was strong! But that wasn't the down fall the down fall, for me, was the cucumber but that's a personal preferance. The salt rimmings on the glasses are all awesome too! Very creative flavors. 

The staff was super nice and friendly, very outgoing, The crowd enjoyed everything and I think most of us will be new regulars. 

Welcome to the neighborhood!