You have got to be kidding me!!!

What narcissistic nincompoop came up with this idea?

This has just topped my list of "Most Asinine Restaurants in all of Las Vegas." and my list of "Stay the hell away - far away!" at the same time.

3 people, no drinks, one order of tacos each (4) and a very small Queso Fundito appetizer for $75 - THAT'S SEVENTY-FIVE DOLLARS FOR A DOZEN STREET TACOS AND BLAND CHEESE!

First off, the restaurant is so cold I was shivering - AND I'M FROM FARGO 'FRICKING' NORTH DAKOTA.

The the Queso Fundito came to the table luke warm, which meant the cheese was already almost solid. We got the one with mushrooms, and they didn't taste bad, but cold Queso Fundito just sucks, period. It came with a spoon, which is absolutely the worst utensil to use when trying to cut semi-hard cheese.

Question: does anyone besides me remember when you could order your entire meal at the beginning and the kitchen would have enough sense to send out the appetizer first and give you some time before sending out the rest? Boy I miss those days. 

We ordered our appetizer, but weren't ready to order the tacos. The waitress kept coming by (without our appetizer) to ask if we were ready, so we politely ordered, hoping enough time had passed that our appetizer could arrive and we could have a few minutes to enjoy it before our small table was overrun by plates.

Boy were we wrong. Not more than 1 minute after the Fundito arrived, I got my tacos - just mine, apparently no one thinks people like to eat together anymore. So now my tacos are getting cold while I try to finish the Fundito before it turns back into a hard brick of cheese. 

The other orders came 5 to 6 minutes apart. These people are completely incompetent.

I will not say the food was bad, but I will say that Pepe's Tacos offers MUCH better tacos at 1/3 the price. 

This place is PURE SHIT, an absolute waste of a great location and an awesome remodeling by Red Rock. I can already see by the other Yelp reviews that most people agree. 

Pay $75 to have some tourist on the Las Vegas Strip slap you three times in the face, it will be a much better use of your money.