I was so excited to have this new well known Mexican restaurant come to our favorite go to place, Red Rock Casino. We made a reservation for 8, they had us down for 9. Um really? Ran into friends there who had a reservation for 7 and at 7:20 were still standing there waiting and there were empty tables around. The maitre d offered to buy them a drink so we all went along and even though we had our reservation screwed up too, he refused to buy us a damn drink (really?). Just them. At 8:15, we are still sitting at the bar, wondering what the hell??? My friend went back up to the front and they were like OH YEA, we will seat you right now. Um, Ok again, REALLY? No offer to purchase our first round of chips OR a drink for us. By the way, when we called for our 8 pm reservation they said if we come in, they turn tables FAST and probably could be seated faster. That's why we got there at 7:20. WE figured we would enjoy the bar and a margarita either way, 8 would have been fine. That didn't even work out. 

Ok so the good parts, not all complaining:
1. The outdoor area is cool and there is a bar out there too. Views of parking lot but with Red Rock in the background, still would be fun to be out there if it weren't 100 still at 8 pm. I would definitely sit outside next time in cooler weather. If there is a next time. 
2. The margaritas are on draft and they were delicious! I would definitely at least go back for them at some point.
3. The chips were delicious.
4. My tiny chicken tacos were good. Thank god the chips filled us up so I didn't care that the tacos were so tiny. 

The cons: 
1. Well the seating and reservation system definitely has some glitches to work out as noted above. 
2. I was absolutely shocked they do not make the guacamole table side. I hate jalapeños and I had no choice, it was pre-made. I just expected more.
3. Pricey for the size of plates. This is meant to be like tapas, which I totally didn't get at first. 
4. The restaurant definitely packs in the tables. We were thankfully sat at a cozy table for 3 in the corner so it wasn't so bad for the two of us. There are plenty of tables for 2 really close to other tables, I would have hated seating in one of those and was thankful we didn't get one of them. 

Overall, plenty of other good Mexican restaurants in town. Not sure this will make it long term. We'll see. I will definitely go back for happy hour with friends and get drinks and appetizer, but I won't go for dinner again. That's why it's just 2 stars for me.