A tradition at my job--of course only with co-workers that we LIKE--is to take the retiree or co-worker who's changing shifts to a celebratory lunch!  While we were mulling over our restaurant choices, Mercadito's was suggested! Mercadito's is an award winning restaurant that comes to the Red Rock Resort and Casino from Chicago-it's won quite a few awards including Zagat & this is their first venture in Las Vegas.  Even thou it opened it's doors the end of June, the official opening was over the Fourth of July & our event was planned for the following Friday, July 11th-humm, a new place in a casino on a friday?!? PERFECT!  Now, I need to say that there were nine of us (we are never really sure how many will show up-which makes it VERY difficult to make reservations-one time only three appeared--how embarrassing!) Ok, back to the review--The restaurant is open for lunch and dinner & offers an industry day as well as Happy Hour-since lunch seating starts at 11:30am, we arrived a little early. As the hostess unlocked the door, we were waiting & went right in--she inquired about our reservation--NO, so sorry, we didn't have one! Would she turn us away? Did it matter? After a little whispering and a few minutes, we were seated. They pushed three tables together so all nine of us could sit together. YEAH! Since we had never been to Mercadito's & we weren't sure what to expect, we did what any uneducated patron would do-we put our food choices into our server's hands-what did he recommend? OF course we had to try some salsa--we ordered the rojo salsa suggested by Brian-YUMM! It was a CREAMY salsa with fresh tomatoes, garlic, & onions and it came with the BEST tortilla chips that I've ever tasted! I swear, the chips were perfect-crispy, with just the right amount of salt-I really could've sat & consumed basket after basket of chips! The drinks-expecially the margaritas-were just the right size & prepared with top shelf tequila! The lunch entrees were served family style--NOT family size! In other words, I ordered the pollo tacos, one of my co-workers ordered the blackened swordfish tacos, & another ordered the crispy magi-mahi tacos & we shared--that way we each had the opportunity to taste all three! They were excellent! One of my other co-worker ordered the carne tacos & liked them SO MUCH that he ordered a second plate to take home for dinner! Beans & rice are available but they DON'T come with the lunch-I found that they weren't necessary anyway-three tacos and the chips & salsa were more than enough. They also offer tortas- a tasty mexican sandwich that's available with your choice of either a side salad or fries-fries like I've NEVER tasted before-delicious lemon lime fries. I actually would've been thrilled to simply sit & eat tortilla chips & lemon-lime fries! When we were finished, (I swear I saw one co-worker licking his plate!) each & every one of us were so stuffed that there wasn't any room for dessert--Oh NO, that means that we'll have to go back!  Do I recommend this restaurant? DEFINITELY! will I visit again? OF COURSE! Yes, the food was a little pricey but, NOT outrageously so! If you want tacos for a BUCK, you go to Taco Bell--however, keep in mind-you get what you pay for-but, if you want an excellent taco in a trendy NEW establishment, check out "MERCADITO's"--you won't regret it!