We had such high hopes for this place. 1st it was taking over one of our favorite burger & bloody mary places in Vegas, LBS so I guess the expectation was high. We went on July 4th afternoon. we got there about 5 minutes to 4pm where we were told in a very terse voice that "We don't open until 4pm" - no offer of you can wait etc but being the rude NYC transplant I am, I plopped my arse down on one of their hobbit sized chairs and waited. 
Ok 1st lets just say.. you are leasing space in a prime spot in a very busy casino and it's on a holiday - perhaps you should look at your market - and not stick to rules that apply to cities that are 10x the size of your local market. In NYC & Chicago maybe you can open for 6 hours a day and make your rent - but in Vegas that is a 24/7 tourist town where you are in a LOCALS casino.. perhaps you need to adjust for that. 

We were finally seated at 401pm. after some discussion between the staff of who to give us to.. You'd think they'd never viewed a 6'8" tall person and a 5'8" fat person before. 

Finally we were seated and our very peppy (and nice) waitress told us they were new & they served family style like a tapas bar. that confused me. family style is usually giant bowls/platters of food shared among all parties & tapas is small plates of food which your order many to share or not. oh and 3 times with the "we're new and just opened" - kewl. No problem with that. we know - we've seen the hype. 

Drinks: 
cocktails: we ordered Bloody mary's. pretty standard for any stocked bar. Nope. not one. not even any tomato juice to fake one. reason? "We're new" - so we ordered one of their shots of mescal & a glass of sangria. the shot was fine - the sangria was a mix of odd flavors none of which were to be associated with any sangria i've ever experienced in the 40 years I've been imbibing. & that would be ok if it was drinkable. 
so I McGuyvered my own. I ordered a shot of vodka and an empty glass, 2 orders of their roja salsa - grabbed the lime from the sangria and wallah a Bloody mary. 

Food: 
Corn on the cob: delicious. 
Salsas: very good especially their salsa verde, nice full flavor with the roasted tomitilloes shining through the right amount of spice. 
2 orders of tacos in lettuce cups (nice option since they don't have 1 flour tortilla in the place) carne - tender meat and nicely spiced. pastor: dry. 
Chicken enchiladas: it's been 12 days and actually I don't even remember how they tasted so it must not have made an impression. 

Service: 
Other than the major discussion at 355-401pm over us - btw - we could hear you, ladies - our service was ok. nothing special. I guess because they were new. LOL 
The manager came over and looked quizzically at my McGuyvered Bloody mary glass so I explained my situation. I'm pretty sure they overstaffed since they were new. and he took the sangria off my bill. 

Total bill with 2 shots: 90.00 + 20% tip. 

Now for what you've been waiting for and why it's only 2 stars. 
the hobbit chairs are hella uncomfortable for a person over 6' tall. yes they have bench seating but humpy so not much better. 
no bloody marys is a personal choice. 
Hours of operation
the stage whispered discussion when we arrived 5 minutes early (and in my defense their door was open and there were people milling about.. did i know it wasn't open? no i didn't. did i know the milling people were actually staff? no i didn't. sorry we interrupted your party) 
This is "mexican" food as envisioned by Victoria Beckham or maybe even Selma Hayek as touted on their website (which btw has NO hours listed) - and if that is your preference, this is a great place to be seen eating and sipping chic drinks. 
it is not a place for people who are fans of street food straight off the back streets of Mazatlan sans the expended bullets or those who think authentic mex is what you get at Taco bell.