I'm a little overdue on writing an update on my initial review. Almost immediately the manager emailed me through Yelp and apologized for the wait and lack of a phone call. She sent me a $100 gift card to give them a second chance. I do believe in second chances and the $100 gift card, well, that sealed the deal. 

When we came back, we were greeted pretty much the same way we were initially in terms of being quoted a "45-minute to an hour wait" and give me your phone number and we'll text to you. Having flashbacks, I let my husband take the wheel on that. The place didn't look overly crowded like it did during our last, ill-fated trip, but, it was a Friday night. Hey, I'm a reasonable person, I don't get carte blanche treatment. So we waited at the overpriced bar across the way in the center of the casino (forgot the name).  The bartenders working that night look like two Skinamax soft core porn stars, completely un-interested in serving drinks to anyone who isn't playing $100 credit in video poker. I nursed my drink, while I watched my husband play (since I was sitting at the $100 credit video poker machine). It had been at least 30 minutes and I didn't feel like sucking another weak Mandarian and soda down. After my husband played his machine out, we went back to the restaurant to check the status of our names. They replied it would be another 30 minutes, which would've made it an hour. I got the old sick feeling back as we grumbled our breaths and walked back out the door. Then, something miraculous happened: my husband got texted from a number we didn't know and it ready: "Your table is now ready". Holy shit! They actually do text it in!

Needless to say, the Mr. and I drank and ate ourselves silly on that date night. I enjoyed the house maggies (margaritas), I personally enjoy adding a little to heat (serranos) to mine, which if you like a little spice, ask for the heat. You can also order them fruity (blueberry, strawberry, etc). But for me, the food was just okay. It's set up tapas style to share, and I don't mind that concept. You definitely don't go hungry, that's for sure. I believe the night that we re-visited, we shared chicken nachos, my husband also ordered the special which was a kobe burger and I had ceviche, guac and flautas and I was completely stuffed. I don't think I finished eating the flautas...had to save room for one more of those fab maggies. 

All in all, I felt that the service was excellent, the maggies were delicious, and the food was okay. It was definitely worth my trip to use that generous gift card. I would go back for the maggies and stick to the apps part of the menu. This is definitely a good place for a few friends who just want drinks and apps before a movie.