It's still just a few months old and more people need to find this place.  After seeing the great reviews (and being disappointed at the lack of decent Mexican food in our neck of the woods), we were disappointed to walk in on Saturday evening and find the place empty.  Fortunately, it wasn't a reflection of there being anything wrong with the place.  Quite the opposite!

I can't vouch for the other things on the menu, which all look good, but our chicken mole enchiladas and enchiladas verdes were excellent (and made with white-meat chicken) as were our appetizer (bread with mozzarella and fresh pico de gallo) and our desserts (one of the corn-based options and the gelatin dessert).  Sorry, no menu in front of me and I can't recall any of the names.  I have never seen either of the two desserts on menus before but they were both very good and only mildly sweet, which is so different (and a pleasant surprise) compared with what we usually eat in the US.  Oh, the chips and salsa were also great.

As others mentioned, the menu is limited and this is the one thing that might prevent their getting a lot of business right now, but I look forward to the day when enough of us support them that they can move to a bigger location, hire staff, and expand their menu.  Of course, I don't know if that's their plan, but I hope so!  Also of note - portions aren't large but that lets you sample desserts at the end and still have spent very little money.  Prices are very reasonable.  They might want to try for more take-out business by adding more things to the menu that could be eaten by hand (or in the car).

The décor is very attractive and has a lot of character, definitely more like a sit-down restaurant than a fast-food place.  It's very clean.   There was nice Mexican music (no TV, thank goodness).  Although they used plastic utensils, our food was all served on those cute metal plates and bowls like you see in Indian restaurants.  This isn't a kids-type fast-food joint but more of a sophisticated adult one.  

We will be back!