I was looking for a new Mexican place and this was amazing. It's hidden, but it is so delicious! This place is in the corner of Silverado and Eastern and it has only been opened for eight months. I am going to really try to get this place some business because they were just phenomenal. I remembered seeing them in the Seven Magazine, but forgot about that for awhile until be stumbled upon it one evening. It was empty, but it was also almost 8pm so we were like the last customers before closing. They still were very kind from the time we ordered to the time we left. 

Like most places they served the chips and salsa while waiting for our food. The salsa was delicious. It was not chunky, which was great for me and it had this new taste that I cannot really describe. Thank goodness it was not too spicy either, just enough to make it heighten the taste buds. My friends also ordered guacamole, but I did not try it because I do not like my guacamole with tomato and onions in it, however, they said it was good.  

Next was our meal. They served us with these dishes that were so unique. It was a silver plate with little hold crested handles. It almost felt like medieval Spain ware or something. I am not good with eras, but I am just trying to get if you all a good picture of how cool it was. 

So I ordered the verde enchiladas and they were amazing. I usually only ever have two enchiladas wherever I go because they are so filling, but this dish comes with four and I was at the point where you know your full, but your not dying with the overeating bloating feeling. It was just perfect. I also had a side of their rice , which is what I judge most Mexican places by, and even that was delicious; light and fluffy. I was completely in love with my entire meal. 

My friends tried the mole, which is what Seven magazine wrote about. If mole is something you like, then apparently it was really really good. I tried it, but it taste like chocolate and coffee to me which is not something that goes well with my taste buds. However, every other bite my friend was just in awe of how good it was. We all ordered something that hit the spot for the night of Mexican good cravings and we thank Las Cazuelas for providing us with the craving satisfaction and a good experience. We will be back soon I am sure!!