I am so disappointed in Sonrisa. It used to be my boyfriend's favorite restaurant. I've been here before, and my food was awesome. I remember wondering why our table was only one of 3 in the entire restaurant. I think I now have my answer. 

For New Year's Eve, my boyfriend and I wanted to come out to Lake Las Vegas. Sunset and Vines didn't have any reservations available, so on Sunday night we tried calling Sonrisa. No answer. We left a message. No response. After several more attempts, someone at Sonrisa picked up the phone, and replied that they were completely booked for 7pm, but were wide open for any other time. That should have been my first clue. 

Next I went on their website to see if they had any special entertainment happening, or if they had a special menu. I quickly found that they did have a holiday menu and entertainment listed for New Years....2010. Again, this should have been a red flag. 

So New Year's Eve, we get to the restaurant, and are seated right away. There is a little band in the corner, and the place is pretty busy, so that seemed promising. The waiter hands us our menus, and informs me that they aren't serving the regular menu, only the holiday menu. I thought that was a little weird, since it is busy, but not exactly line out the door busy, but whatever. I take a look at the New Year's Eve menu, and it's basically 6 entrees pulled from their normal menu, with a choice of soup or salad, and a "chef's choice" of desert. Priced at $50 a person. Not exactly a special menu, but at this point I was hungry, and as I said before, the last time I had been there, the food was really good. 

I ordered the fillet mignon and my boyfriend ordered the lobster tail. When my medium steak came out, it was completely chard and had the faintest shade of pink to it. The waiter apologized and said he would bring me another steak. The second one came out raw. Again, the waiter took one look at it, apologized, and offered to bring me a third. By this time, I also began to notice that the potatoes were dry and had a crust on them like they had been scraped out of the bottom of the pan. My boyfriend's white rice was really mushy, and it suddenly struck us both as an odd thing to put white rice with a lobster tail, and not put anything else on the plate. 

Finally, my third steak came out, and it was cooked fine, but it was kind of spongy, and really difficult to cut into. Instead of cutting clean, the fibers in the meat wouldn't cut, and I realized that all of their meat had probably been in a freezer for a very long time. At this point, it became obvious that the entire menu was made up of whatever they needed to use up in their freezer. We asked for the manager, who was very nice, apologetic, and he did comp our bill. Except that my boyfriend recognized him as a waiter he had had before, and I am pretty sure that there is no real manager at Sonrisa, and this poor waiter had just stepped up to take the heat of all of the customer complaints. 

The last straw was the "desert" that came out. It was plain tortilla chips covered in whipped cream and Hershey syrup. It looked like something a five year-old would make for desert, and proudly announce they made it themselves. 

I feel really sorry for the wait staff at Sonrisa, as I have never had any problems with the staff, and who seem to be trying to do a good job.  It is painfully obvious that whoever owns or operates this business just doesn't give a crap about it, or have any pride in their food. The restaurant has such great potential, and it almost seems like the owners are just trying to cut their losses by selling as much old food as possible before they decide to just shut down.