Fajita's turned out to be pretty good actually, but "pretty good" mexican food in a land of bountiful mexican food is a restaurant that is not trying hard enough. Still they've been open for 22 years so it's clearly not bad mexican food.

One of the things holding this place back from a higher rating in my book is price. Let's face it folks, fajitas are made with cheap cuts of meat, in the case of beef fajitas almost always skirt or "flank" steak. Yes that's right, the same thing that a lot of places pound flat to make it tender and fry as Chicken-Fried Steak. Fajitas are just a way to make a tough piece of meat edible, and the price of $23.00 for a pound of fajitas is no bargin.

Still, we had the pork fajitas and they were tender and tasty and you can believe that the freshly made tortillas are a treat. However the condiment plate or "Molcajete" is a deceptively small portion of cheese, tomatoes and sour cream on top of a bed of green cabbage. Good stuff to be sure but not enough to get you through a half-pound order of fajitas. No problem you say, just ask for more which they happily bring to you at an additional $3.50 charge. Kind of insulting actually.

The salsa is fresh, despite what Danine D. wants you to believe. It is finely chopped and is not very hot but it is very flavorful all the same. We greatly enjoyed it.

As an appitizer we had a Fajita Pizza, a large flour tortilla covered in cheese, fajita meat, jalapeno slices, onions and olives all baked up crisp and delicious.

The service was excellent despite the servers being seated with a party of 13 and two parties of 20 the same time we came in. We lacked for nothing.

The kitchen is in the centre of the restaurant and you can watch them preparing your fajitas over mesquite wood fires. We saw no fry fats present but the cooks do use fry baskets to cook the shimp in over the fire, allowing the wonderful smoke to add to their flavour.

We liked the food well enough, and if we are in the area and hungry we are likely to return. But it is quite aways to go for us from Gilbert to get "pretty good" food, and as I say it is not really much of a bargin. Still Fajitas gets good marks for flavorful food, friendly staff, and a good concept.