Last Saturday, my family split in two. Kinda.

I took our daughter to Disney on Ice (Princess edition) & my husband took our son rock climbing. They ended up at Nevada climbing centers so after the sweet princess show was over, we met them at NCC. We contemplated for a whole 2 minutes what to eat when Carlito's Burritos popped up on my nearby restaurants! I've had this place bookmarked for a couple of weeks and was super excited to be close.

We get into Carlitos. It is small, yet cozy. The walls are painted bright and there are pictures and decor everywhere. The lady who took our order was SO sweet. She kept complimenting my children and was very thorough when taking our order considering it was our first time. I ended up getting the chicken nachos with green chilli and jalapenos on the side where my husband got the spicy pork smothered in green chilli and cheese. Our food came out shortly after and we dug in. I shared my nachos with my kids because they were so large, but as soon as the food was brought to us, and I touched the top layer of cheese, I noticed it was cold....

As I begin spooning out portions of nachos to my children, I notice that the cheese underneath the top broiled layer wasn't melted. My son who usually has the appetite of a teenager, especially for nachos, didn't want to finish his share and neither did my daughter (although she's pretty unreliable when it comes to eating anyway). I still ate my cold nachos because I felt bad after taking so much out of it, to be sending it back. I should have stopped when my stomach was telling me that it wasn't jiving. On the other hand, my husband's burrito was DELICIOUS. It was so warm and smothered that it made me resent my nachos even more. Every bite of his cozy burrito made my nachos seem even colder. The green chilli isn't too spicy, but it sure is tasty!! In the end, I wasn't able to finish my nachos, even when sharing with my children. I can easily finish a tray of Roberto's nachos single handedly, and then some, just to give you an idea of the size. 

Later that night and the next day, my stomach wasn't the same. It churned all night and was the saddest tummy ever. I really really hope the chicken was fully cooked before it was thrown into the broiler to not get warm at all, but I'm not certain.... Sadly, because of this experience, I won't be back. My stomach will never forgive me if I return.