Went for dinner this time, date, perfect. My honie is so sweet, he doesn't make a fuss about the price, but honestly, that's why this place is empty. You can tell they tried to lower the prices; but people in AZ just don't pay $15 a plate anymore.  The upside is that the prices ensure you'll get a table and plenty of attention by the staff.

Another bummer and why there are only 4 stars: The last time we went there were margarita's...now it's bring your own bottle of wine. (~hope there's not some weird political mischief taking away their liquor license; everything in AZ business is soooo wild west). I wish we would have known, we would have brought a bottle.

I wanted to try the lamb, but went with a pork dish instead -Had pickled onions sliced thin on top...an amazing Mexican stew; and the usual rice and beans [that some lady below didn't like]. It's white rice tossed with a little cilantro and finely chopped veggies; simple, healthy. 

John had a beef steak dish; a house specialty. He had them cook it med, rare so I would try some, but he probably should have ordered it rare for his own enjoyment. It was very tender none-the-less.

We had cantaloupe juice last time, which inspired us to try to make cantaloupe margaritas at home (we're no good at these things I guess)...so this time I had pineapple and he had watermelon. The juices are perfect to clean your palate from the rich flavors of the food.

We love their sour green sauce, but then I'm a fanatic for tomatillos [green sour tomatoes].

The Guacamole was exactly the same as it was at lunch. They serve it on a plate, with homemade tortilla chips, spiking up from the guacamole like a rocky shoreline on a green sea. The chips are heartier than the thin and oily homemade tortilla chips you get elsewhere here; they have strong texture, no oil and lightly salted. 

I prefer the quality of the food here to the greasy food elsewhere. There's no lard, no grease and everything is cooked to perfection. Not overcooked. However, we won't go here often, b/c my boyfriend never lets me pay for these things and we're not particularly affluent.