Ambiance, decor, delectable regional cuisine from Mexico, all combine to make this a truly wonderful destination for all things Mexican.  The original chef, a former taco stand owner on the island of Cozumel, made his way here in the 90's and opened "Such is Life", a phrase he adapted from a friend who invested in his dreams back in the island days.  Once upon a time, this restaurant had garnered so much attention, it was even listed as one of Phoenix's most interesting dining destinations by the New York Times.  Although it has changed owners, they have tried to keep the original menu and the concept going strong.  From the hand painted portraits of Freda Kalo on the walls, to the colorful folk art and paintings, to the regional music playing softly over the speakers, this place smacks of authenticity inside and out.  When I am here, I feel like I am on holiday in the heart of Mexico.  And when my plate of Camaron Al Mojo de Ajo comes out, I am transported to the beach in Tulum or Puerto Vallarta.

First "must try" is the Crema De Cilantro.  Absolutely incredible soup with cilantro, garlic, potato puree, avocado, and chicken. As the name implies, it is divinely creamy and full of gorgeous, simple flavors.

Next on the list should be the Queso Fundido with poblano, championes, chorizo, and nopales.  Excellent!  A slightly different take on what you would expect from a standard queso, and it does not disappoint with all of the wonderful ingredients.

For a light and coastal entree, I recommend the Camaron Al Mojo De Ajo.  For $24.95 you get a very generous plate of large, plump, butterflied shrimp baked with garlic and virgin olive oil.

This is absolutely one of my favorite Mexican restaurants, as it also offers diners a more fine dining culinary exploration.  The menu is simple.  Other entree offerings include fish filet and leg of lamb, and filet mignon.

Appetizers range from $5.95-$12.95 from Ceviche Acapulco (marinated shrimp in fresh lime juice) to Coctel de Camaron (Pacific jumbo shrimp cocktail).

Absolutely everything ordered, down to the made to order guacamole and salsa verde (one of three salsas served at the table), the house margaritas, and Aqua frescas was outstanding and I would highly recommend a visit to this iconic Mexican restaurant.