After my review is a History of Aunt Chilada's from their site- excerpted:

We went for lunch Saturday around 11:30am. A Group of 6 adults. My wife and I visiting from Denver, the  rest live in the area. My son recommended the place and we went with him, his wife and their Realtors. We thought the restaurant was nicely decorated, they have an area for bocce ball play, they say they are dog friendly. My wife liked the lit fireplace. When we arrived, there was only 2 or three other parties there for lunch.  When we left, they started filling up. Guess we need to leave a place more often to help the business :-)

What we Ordered:  Soft drinks for everyone.

Sour cream enchilada, El Pollo Fundido, Two item combo, Lunch Rellano, Spinach Chicken Enchilada, Chicken Avocado Salad, Caramel Flan, Sopapilla (nice they served the honey in a small bowl with a spoon), Caramel Flan

We also had chips and salsa. Chips were a combo of puffy and toasted. Salsa was mild. Over all thought they were okay. I happen to prefer crispy chips myself.

Everyone thought the food was delicious, I had the Chicken Avocado salad, it was okay. I'm not much on Mexican food, and usually it doesn't agree with me, so I ordered a neutral dish.  I've ordered sopapllia before, these were triangular in shape, and I thought over done, and more chewy then I remember from other places.  Flan tasted pretty good.  The place seems okay, the Realtors, said they felt it was good and would try the other one that's in the area to see how it was.  I don't think the other Aunt Chiladas is associated with this one.

I think it would be a good place, and would try the other dishes, as well as come back some evening to see how it is.  We came because my wife and I always enjoy visiting places with a history.

Below is History of Aunt Chiladas from their site abbreviated:

Shortly after the reluctant surrender of Geronimo (1886). Arizona was still an untamed territory, and Aunt Chilada's North Room was built on the foundation of the only general store serving the laborers working the Rico Mercury Mine... After a long day deep in the mines, the men emerged appearing somewhat inebriated and dreamy-eyed from inhaling the mercury fumes. As they walked down the dusty road to the general store, people were heard to remark, "The men are back from The Dreamy Draw".

Following the repeal of prohibition, Dave and Jesse Noble, the land's owners at the time were granted the first liquor license issued by the State of Arizona.

The store was later reopened as The Peek Steak House, getting its name ..from a uniquely placed and somewhat revealing window set in the ceiling of the bar (now the Tienda). Throughout the night, scantily clad women would climb into the attic and perform a hootchy-kootchy dance while patrons sneaked a peek through the window. 

This infamous bar and restaurant again found notoriety as it began a new life as George's Ole! George Cocherham was..a captain in the Phoenix Fire Department ... He used over 3,000 Santa Fe railroad ties, native stone from the area and a little help from his off-duty firefighter friends, George expanded the building to its present size. 

George made one other important addition, he purchased Arizona's Original smoker from Gentleman Jim's Barbeque at the corner of 16th and Oak Streets, and moved it to the Garden Patio where he not only smoked traditional meats and fowl but would also smoke game animals brought in by his customers....

The same tradition exists today. Aunt Chilada's still slow roasts a variety of delicious meats, chicken and vegetables over aged mesquite wood every day....

In the early 80's, Bob Gosnell bought the restaurant, renamed it Aunt Chilada's and made it a member of The Pointe's growing family of restaurants. It became known as " The Hideaway", by the locals... 

Ken was the overseer of food and beverage operations.... in January of 1995 Ken along with his partner, Lee Midtun, purchased the restaurant.

The Nagels - Ken, his wife Candice and their four daughters - now greet and serve guests.