I actually ate at Aunt Chilada's twice yesterday and have eaten there quite often over the last year.  Lunch was good with both the food and the service being done right.  Went back last night because it was a beautiful night and we wanted to sit on the patio.  Initially the hostess was not very accommodating but reversed track and sat us on the patio.  Chips and a bottle of water showed up pretty quickly but unfortunately no glasses.  We sat there for about 10 minutes without seeing anyone else.  I have been in the food service business for years so I am pretty forgiving so this was not a big deal.  What was a big deal was that they were apparently having a function for a girls softball team and while the parents were inside their girls were on the patio "playing".  12 - 14 of them yelling and screaming and running around.  While they do have a bocce court on the patio, its not a playground although this was not the first time we have seen children using it as such.  It was the first time there were so many and so loud.  Had we been served a little faster it might not have been so annoying but with nothing to do but sit there and listen to all the noise we decided to leave.  As we got up the waiter hurried over and asked if everything was OK.  We explained we had come for dinner and the noise was too much.  To his credit he asked if he could give us a gift certificate which was nice but didn't mean much as we had made a special trip to enjoy a nice dinner at a nice restaurant.  If we wanted to be around of obnoxious kids on a playground we would have chosen Chucky Cheese or Peter Piper.  Probably won't be returning any time soon as it is a drive for us and not knowing what to expect (nice restaurant or kids day out) its probably not worth the effort.

In regards to the girls softball team, the parents of the Hotshots should be ashamed of themselves.  I coached travel ball for 15 years from 10U through 18 Gold.  My daughter is a coach for one of the premier high school programs here in AZ.  Never would one of my teams been this obnoxious and rude.  The Hotshots have been around a long time and have been a premier program in AZ for a long time.  If any of the people who are running this program happen to read this, you may want to tell your coaches that as long as your team is wearing its name on their shirts they should act with some class.  When my daughters played in college, the first thing they were told was you represent the school in all you do.  We told our players the same thing and that is why all of my seniors received scholarships to play at the collegiate level.  They could play and they were respectful and had class.  There is more to being an athlete than just what happens on the field.  This team was an embarrassment to your program.