Service 4
Food 4
Cleanliness 4
Atmosphere 4
Value 3

Pros:
When they say something is spicy they mean it.
Dependable quality.
Great Starters

Cons:
A little pricey
Way overdone on the Mexican theme.. Very tourist trap'esk.

My first experience here was probably 7 years ago. Went out to dinner with some friends. This was recommended by a buddy who had bused here back in high school. Suffering from testosterone poisoning all chow'ed into the hatch chili cheese crisp and pretended it wasn't as hot as it was. Later this turned into a weekend ritual for my Dad and I to catch up, have a cheese crisp, and some delicious pork chile verde. Ahh the old fat and happy days.

Onto the food:

Chips:
Thinking back on all my Mexican food experiences I've had a bad chip experience once or twice at every place excluding this one. The chips have always been fresh, evenly salted, never burnt, and have never suffered from an oil slick.

Salsa/Dips:
Mild: Tasty standard senoran style salsa. Stewed tomatoes, green onion, green chili, cilantro, onion, garlic. Nice bright clean flavor.
Hot: I really love this stuff and I wish they gave you larger sides by default. This is a super garlicky "taco" style sauce but with more texture then the pureed cousin. Very heavy on the garlic and red pepper flakes. Crave this stuff.
Bean Dip: Delicious fatty creamy refried bean dip.


Queso Fundido:
A spicy, cheesy, melty happy place. Its brought to the table with some type of alcohol burning off. The chorizo, jalapeno, onion, tomato, and jack cheese are a perfectly melted and ready to burn through some baskets of chips. This will do wonders for your girlish figure.

Hatch Chile Cheese Crisp:
Often a little overly done for my liking. It will snap into a million pieces on  your if you aren't careful. The cheese blend is tasty. These Chile's are HOT! I'm a spicy person and they warm me up. They will burn... twice ;) What is it with 50% of all Mexican places failing miserably at fully slicing their cheese crisps? Good luck pulling off a clean slice. Cover this in the hot sauce for and extra happy mouth.

Pork Chile Verde:
I don't consider Arribas to be a true chain since it is local. That being said it still pains me when my favorite variation of a dish comes from a chain-like but it's the case here. This is the best pork green chile I've sampled in the valley. The chile flavor, the tender pork chunks, the liquefied pork fat mixed with the chile juice. Making myself drool over here. Ask for sans the jalapenos or on the side, it just takes away from the flavor.

Ribs:
WHAT?!?! ribs at a Mexican place? Yeah that's right and they are actually tasty. I often have to try and fit multiple food cravings into a single restaurant. I don't believe all locations offer these but camelback does. They are likely parboiled then grilled off which is a strike in my book. However, the sauce is the right combo of sweet and spicy, very tender, not insanely fatty, and I think I can safely say they are the best ribs you will have at a Mexican restaurant ;)

Guacamole:
Not my favorite. This stuff is so packed full of tomatoes and onion filler that it's a terrible rip off. It is fresh and it does have a decent flavor but it leaves a lot to be desired.

Rice:
Nice and fluffy here but a tad on the greasy side. It also tends to be a little al dente which isn't a bad thing.

Beans:
I really love the charro beans. Ranch style whole beans but in a salsa base with a smoky meat flavor. I would go for these over the refried any day.

I've never had a bad service experience here. It can be a little slower at times but the staff is always nice and attentive.