Tonight, I returned to a restaurant that I hadn't visited since I was a little girl: Arriba Mexican Grill (ohhh, the name takes me back!). I was quite worried that the service and food wouldn't be up to snuff due to some of the reviews on here. Yeah... I was wrong. SO SO SO SO WRONG. THIS PLACE ROCKS. SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY. *gobbles enchiladas and burritos at a frighteningly rapid rate*

Arriba Mexican Grill was a favorite of mine as a preteen. I would get a smoothie and a cheeseburger while my family stuck to the Mexican dishes.

DRINKS: First came the drinks. To honor the nostalgia for my childhood, I ordered a strawberry/prickly pear smoothie. It arrived promptly, topped with luscious whipped cream and a juicy red cherry. Although the aesthetics were good, the taste was Even Better. I cannot begin to describe how refreshing and beautiful and amazing this smoothie was. Just try it, please.

CHIPS: Next came the chips. I don't know why everyone is claiming that the chips are stale. Maybe they are; perhaps my mother and I were just lucky with a fresh batch. Or maybe some people don't know what a good chip is. A glorious bowl of bean dip + two types of salsa also graced the table. You better bet that I dipped those chips until I was too full to move.

ENTREE: And for the entree, I actually tried a Mexican entree called the Three Enchiladas, which comprised a cheese enchilada + chicken enchilada + beef enchilada AND a smorgasbord of rice with your choice of beans. I went with the deep fried bean option. It tasted like Mexicana heaven, heaped on a colorful, ginormous plate. 

(Yes, heaven has sour cream and ground beef. Don't argue.)

My dining partner had the White Sands Chimichanga and praised her own dish profusely. From what I could see, it looked darn good. 

AMBIANCE: I have to mention the ambiance. It's friendly, it's beautiful, and it's full of that Latino aura of welcome that always surrounds the greatest and most authentic restaurants. The atmosphere just made me feel happy inside. From the colorful painted walls and multicolored string lights to the dozens of murals and paintings of Mexico's countryside and cities, this place put a smile on my face the second I walked through the door.

SERVICE: Our server was on-point for the entirety of the meal. We were able to order our drinks within two minutes of sitting down and received our food very, very quickly; even I was surprised. I love you, server. He was both kind and efficient. In fact, he laughed with us about the absurd largeness of the portions, an aspect that we all secretly love. Who doesn't like stuffing their face?

Look, Arriba Mexican Grill might have its faults and is probably sucky on some of its busiest nights. But, if you're lucky and open-minded like myself, then you might strike a home run with a well-made Mexican meal that you'll remember for a lifetime. I can't guarantee anything... all I know is that I'm coming back here Very Very Soon, and I'm bringing all my friends.