Read this before considering this establishment.  I urge you to seek good Mexican food elsewhere.  Everything about this place is sub standard and recently we had one of the poorest dining experiences possible.  We had 645 reservations for 3/14/2015 and our entire party of 12 arrived by 635.  There was no table ready for us and we waited until 730 to be seated on the patio which was not the preference.  It took 10 minutes for drink orders,  15 minutes for first round of chips, 30 minutes to get our drinks and then order and almost an hour to get our food.  We were not provided refills and had to ask several times before we finally sought a manager inside the restaurant to assist. When food did arrive, 4 of 12 guests reported "cold" temperature, one plate was sent back given order taken incorrectly and then the whammy... The waiter advised me, "My manager would not come out but told me to tell you that you can NEVER order this plate again as we do not offer it on our menu. This is the first and last time we will do this."  I was shocked and asked why the manager did not relay the message himself and the waiter had no response.  Our table then asked for the manager (name- JD) who came out 15 minutes later and acknowledged that he did in fact say it. He further advised he was sorry we did not like his comment but we needed to know.  Long of short, it was the waiter who actually recommended this combo plate including the fillings (2 poblano chilis) and the order was placed based on the recommendation so how is it possible this is wrong?  After 2 hours of one disaster after another, an apology from the waiter for being loaded up with no help, we paid our bills of which 2 of the 4 were inaccurate and had over $12 worth of charges for items nto ordered.  We were so frustrated we simply paid, asked for the district managers card and left.  PLEASE take your hard earned money elsewhere. You do have choices in Gilbert and deserve a much better experience.  I will be sharing our Arriba food experience with many given it was wrong in so many ways.