after shopping at the costco next door for 8 years we finally decided to try out arriba.  what a stupid idea.  it was 8:30 so it wasn't crowded.  when we sat down we immediately asked for water and nobody brought it.  when the server came we asked her for water but she had chips with her.  5 minutes later someone else brought it and we were even more thirsty.  did i mention that it wasn't crowded?  right when we walked in they sat us down.  after the water came and we downed it she finally came to take our order.  we ordered and i noticed that they have their own microbrew beer so i asked for a sample of one of them before i ordered a 22 ouncer.  food came pretty quickly but there were only two place settings and she didn't bring me the beer sample- i had to remind her. she brought the settings but no sample.  she brought the sample and left.  when we were most of the way through our dinner she came to ask if i liked the beer?  who cares?  i'm not ordering one now anyway!!!!  i will say that the food was good but this is about the whole experience.  when she finally came to ask if we wanted a desert we asked for stuffed sopapillas and she left.  then our kids changed their mind so i told them to go find her.  they were gone for 5 minutes and came back to tell us that they couldn't find her.  they left again and couldn't find her so came back.  then she came back to tell us that they were out of sopapillas!!  cool, so we order what the kids want and she leaves.  5 minutes later she comes back and tells us again that they are out of sopapillas and we look at her and say "yeah, that's why we want the other thing..."  she brings it another 5 minutes later and finally brings us our bill.  i put my card on it, we wait, the kids get restless and the family decide to go wait outside.  only then did she come take my card to pay.  way to make a good first and last impression.  

We are never ever ever, going back to Arriba.  
You go talk to your friends talk to my friends talk to me.  
We are never ever ever, going back to Arriba