My boyfriend and I went to this Arriba's location about a week ago.  We are regulars at this location because of my love of their shrimp and scallops enchiladas.  My boyfriend is not a huge fan but he humors me at times.  

We get seated and he orders enchiladas with red chile.  Our food comes out and his enchiladas have green chile on them.  He looks at me to double check and make sure he had said red chile and I tell him that I heard him say red chile.  It's not a big deal and so we tell the waiter.  The waiter says he thought we had said green chile but is very nice and takes it back to the kitchen to have them change it.  

As I'm starting on my meal, we hear arguing from the kitchen.  We hear someone yell in the kitchen, "I wrote down green chile but that guy out there is saying he said red chile."  After hearing this, we don't really feel comfortable staying at the restaurant.  We call over the manager and explain what happened.  He was very nice and we offered to pay our bill for our drinks and my dish but the manager told us to not worry about it and that he hoped we would return.  

We just didn't feel comfortable staying and eating after hearing the arguing from the kitchen concerning our food. It made us feel unwelcome and as if they thought we were at fault for what had happened.  

I come here mainly for the shrimp and scallops enchiladas, which I absolutely love.  In the past few years, I have noticed the quality of the food decline.  The shrimp/scallop enchiladas used to come out piping hot with lots of cheese and covered in a rich cream sauce.  The last few times I have been to the restaurant, the tortilla has been dry, no sauce, and it looks like they just slapped two pieces of sliced cheese on top of the enchilada.  I have been very disappointed.  

All that being said;

PROS: great chips and salsa
              usually great servers
               managers have been very pleasant and accomodating

CONS:  decline in food quality
               hostesses are not very friendly
               menus always feel very oily

I think that we will probably try a different Arriba's location in the future.