The only way I would ever eat here again is if.....

 1. Every restaurant in the world has closed except Arriba
 2. I died and was reincarnated with no taste buds
 3. I'd just smoked some chronic and had already finished off all the moldy stuff in my fridge
 4. I was a rat.
 5. I was a cockroach.
 5a. I was a  rat who'd eaten a cockroach and wanted to get the taste out of its 
       mouth.
 6. I was King or Emperor or something, wielding enough power to have the head chef tortured if he fucked up my meal.
 7. Roadkill no longer existed.
 8. There was a nuclear holocaust and for some strange reason, this was the only 
    place left standing.
 9. I'd just been released from a mental hospital.
10. My in-laws were visiting from the east coast and wanted to 'try some really good Mexican'.
11. I lost a bet.
12. I needed to get out going to church, blaming  'food poisoning' as the culprit.
13. I'd just landed the role of surly waiter in a major Hollywood film, and needed to 
      practice the part by understudying the real thing.
14. I was into philanthropy and accustomed to the idea of throwing money away.
15. I was on my deathbed, and my family refused to honor my living will by not
      pulling the plug on me. I'd ask them to take me here for one more meal where I'd
      die on the spot.

My waiter was a major sphincter, telling us about the happy hour Margarita for 4.99 when a moment later, he informed the couple in the next booth of their 'famous' 99 cent margarita. I want my four bucks back.

When I ordered the taco salad for 9.99, trying to be helpful, he suggested I order the salad on the next page..the one for 11.99. I did. It came with cold chicken tasting as though it had been boiled. The lettuce was layered with gobs of sour cream and featured rust spots. I ate about two bites before sending it back. 

Arriba, between its sphinct-o-waiter and the god-awful, overpriced food, was so bad, if I had to compare it with shit, shit would win.  
Even some rare form of shit only found on the bottom of the ocean, left there by some deep sea creature who's never been photographed. 

Please tell all your snowbird friends about this place.