Our Second Anniversary dinner, Parked on a wall!!! 

    Having recently moved back to downtown Phoenix, with My new Mate.  We have the opportunity to experience what is great about the area, the Food.
    So as the two of Us tend to do (~ Not Think! ~), We decide  to try Arriba Mexican Grill, for Our second Anniversary, which is the 5th of May.  
    Of course as soon as We walked through the door my Universal Translator kicks in, ~ Battle de Puebla/Cinco de Mayo ~ the Place is Wall to Wall Bodies. 
    (Like some Mexican Version of, Studio 54.) The Hostess; sweet as She could be informs Us of an Hour wait, aprox. and suggests We wait near the Bar.  
     So, We grab one another's hand and snake Our way to the Bar area. 
     Landing at the post supporting a half wall, where We Park Ourselves with a couple of decent Margaritas.   Chips, a kicky Bean Dip & Salsa appear on Our wall.
    Then there was The Band, Yes a live Mariachi Band, Silver Conch buttons & all.   Soon We had company on Our wall, allowing Mate to be gregarious, all is well.   Over an hour later We are ushered to the Dia de los Muertos room, which was not as creepy as I was worried it would be. 
    That night We each had the Sierra Mixed Burrito; 
    Giant flour tortilla stuffed with beans and your choice of red or green chile. Served with rice and choice of beans.  Mate had the red & I the green sauce. 
    Since then, We have returned to try the MangoMargarita for Two, 
    The Roswell Chicken Tacos; 
    Two flour tortillas stuffed with chicken marinated in a spicy Cholula sauce. Topped with pico de gallo, lettuce, shredded cheese, and jalapeño ranch dressing. 
    Chimichanga Plate; 
    Giant flour tortilla stuffed with your choice of machaca beef, ground beef, chicken guisado, and either red or green chile. Served with sour cream, rice, and refried beans.
     I loved it with the machaca beef, Ranchero style, a decent, deep cordovan coloured hot sauce, along with a spicy cheese sauce.   
    So all ends well, and We'll be Back!!!