If I could give this place negative stars I would. If you want a bean burrito definitely do not order the Sierra Mixed burrito.  Though it says it contains beans, it does not. Set scene: five seconds after we sat down with our faces buried in menus our waiter Joaquin asks if we are ready to order. My friend tells him no, this is our first time here so we need a few minutes. He explains that the spicy dishes have one, two or three peppers next to them to signify the levels of heat (duh). So he leaves for a while, comes back and takes our order. We got the chimichanga plate, taco salad, kids bean and cheese burrito and the Sierra mixed burrito. For the chimichanga we were asked red or green sauce and for the Sierra mixed burrito we were asked red or green chile. So about a half hour later (mind you this was 8pm on a Tuesday, not busy at all) we get our plates. The salad was good, the chimichanga was meh, the kid seemed to like her bean and cheese burrito but when my friend took a bite of the Sierra mixed burrito a look of pure disgust fell upon her face. She opened the burrito and what appeared to be wet canned alpo covered in red sauce fell onto the plate. No beans. Just "beef". Now I realize many may recognize chile as meat but all the other burrito type  items on the menu clearly state chicken beef or pork. Also as I mentioned we told the waiter we had never been there before so he could have specified that the burrito is nothing like the menu describes (no beans). When he came to check on us my friend said umm did I read this wrong, it has meat and no beans???  This is where Joaquin's customer service skills really shined. He laughed and said well I asked you if you wanted red chile or green chile. Then he told us this happens all the time and it clearly states on the menu your choice of meat. Well, the menu also clearly states that it comes with beans and that isn't the case. "Sierra Mixed Burrito- giant soft flour tortilla stuffed with beans and your choice of red or green chile. Served with rice and your choice of beans". Lies. No mention of alpo at all. Here's a thought Arriba, maybe if this happens all the time you should change your verbiage on the menu instead of insulting and arguing with your customers. So my friend sent the burrito back and opted not to get anything else. Joaquin ignored us for the duration of our stay until he brought us our check after we had been sitting there not eating for about 20 minutes. We flagged down the manager because we didn't know if we were suppose to pay up front or at the table. At that point the manager was apologetic about the burrito but still argued that the menu is clear on what it contains (no beans). Obviously the manager knew about the burrito incident but at no point decided to come to our table and see if there was anything he could do. All in all this place sucks. We are new to Glendale and were looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant like they have in Salem, Oregon (props La Hacienda). So to sum it up, if you want shitty service and mystery menu items you should definitely go to Arribas. Otherwise go to Chili's, it's way better.