TOTALLY AGREE WITH JULIA G. !!!! I was optimistic when 
I tried them again after eating at Arrowhead once. 

"This is a poor excuse of a Mexican Restaurant.. and it's is not the location or the decor..it is their employees.... the people they have serving the food and bar tending.. Bar tending.. inattentive, no character..no charisma.. no personality, not hospitable" IS TOTALLY ACCURATE TO DESCRIBE THE BAR WENCHES. I had to order through them for a to-go order and they ignored me completely until I practically yelled at them. TO-GO orders are an afterthough where the hostess sends you into the bar with a hap-hazard wave of the hand in the bar's general direction. When you get to the bar, if the seating is full, you have to step into the two staff station area to order, the waitstaff are annoyed you are in their way and NO ONE ACKNOWLEDGES YOU AT ALL. I was a GM at several restaurants and rule #1, you dont' avoid customers eyes, rather, you greet them, acknowledge their presence and let them know you see them and welcome them. 


Besides this GLARING employee problem, I have to tell anyone buying this food who thinks they are getting New Mexico style, Hatch NM food, guess what you are being ripped off!

I grew up in Hatch New Mexico and nearby Las Cruces. We personally knew the farmers and farmhands in the fields tending to the chiles. We had amazing meals at their homes and community events and everything related to this style of food  is simple,  yet delicious. I consider myself an expert on the subject and I am telling you this food is posing as geniune.

My true test is always at restaurants claiming NM style is the Green Chile and Chili Colorado. Neither here are very good. Actually, the White Sands burrito was so poor I almost called back to get a refund. There was no meat in the burrito, literally 4 pieces of meat. The entire filling was green chile sauce without enough meat. Then, they cover this in a white fundido, which from my experience as a cook was more cornstarch/flour  in it than cheese. Bland and boring. It was $13 and  when you add sourcream and guacamole, it was $17. The heat from chiles was there, but just making something green chile-hot does not make it geniune NM food.

This is a scam-100%.Another chain trying to cash in on a hip trend and excuted poorly. 

Rice is mediocre and I would swear they used a consommé (bouillon ) like Knorr, which has MSG in it. My headache afterward hints at this being a valid assumption. 

Beans are 'straight out of can' in taste.

Basically, skip it, overpriced (EXPENSIVE IS MORE LIKE IT )and grossly overrated. 

You will know you may have found a true NM style food stop when you see the option of getting any plates "Christmas Style" and Green Chile stew is on the menu along with sopapillas that only cost less than $2.50.