I will start off telling you I'm a chef, so I expect good food, and I know when food is prepared properly. I am very critical of freshness. I'm used to cooking at home with freshly prepared everything so when I go out, I want something better than I could have made myself. This fell short in many ways. For example, the fresh tomato salsa served with my fajitas was spent. The flavors were all muted and the tomatoes had been chopped at least a day ago, possibly more. You could see they were dark, and breaking down into mush. The fajita meat had a good grilled flavor, but dry and overcooked. I ordered them with chiles for an extra dollar expecting to have them on the sizzling plate with my fajita meat, especially since they advertise their fresh roasted Hatch chiles on site, but instead they were brought a few minutes later after my meal was served, in a separate dish, cold, mushy, looking like they just came out of a can. I asked for fresh lime to squeeze over my meat and overcooked onions, and got brown dry, lime wheels served on the side of my margarita glass instead. And the margaritas! Okay the first one was .99 cents so I'm not going to complain. But the next one was a very large overpriced one that just tasted like watered down cheap margarita mix. My rice was precooked, dry and old, and way too salty. My husband's chimichanga was basically a big burrito covered in some massive amount of sauce, but it was not deep fried as I thought a chimichanga is supposed to be. Or if it was, it wasn't cooked enough because it was mushy. My kids cheese crisp was... lame. My other kid's mini chimis looked appetizing and he liked them, but they ruined the dish by putting this brightly artificially colored red mini tostada bowl on the plate filled with sour cream that had been sitting in the refrigerator either uncovered, or at the wrong temperature because it had a yellowish brown layer of old cream on the top that was just gross. Apparently they make those up ahead of time too with no quality control. Also it was very hot inside the restaurant which worried me about the safety and sanitation of the kitchen. I agree with others that the service was friendly, when they were actually there. I think it's a bit overpriced, for the quality. We spent $115 with tip, but that was two margaritas and one desert, 3 entrees, one app, one kids meal. I'd rather of had Taco Bell. And the chips were no big deal. If you've made chips at home and experienced what they taste like you would never want restaurant ones again. The texture, freshness, flavor can't be beat. I know what you are all thinking. Stay home then and cook. I usually do for just this reason. Oh and one more thing. The apple sopapilla desert was terrible. The pastry dough was chewy, and lacked salt. Tasted like chewy dish rag.