I believe I'd been to an Arriba quite awhile ago, but it has been a long time.

We went on a busy Friday night, so in that case I try to go into restaurants prepared to make many allowances as I know that crowds of people and long waits do not make for an ideal situation. 

Unfortunately, even considering my reduced expectations, I can't really recommend Arriba to anyone. 

The room we were seated in had a lovely rock wall with water flowing over it, however the tables and chairs were cheap, and brightly colored which contrasted with the "zen" feeling of the water wall. 

Our server was excellent - I can't remember his name. He handled the busyness of the dining room and the various requests we had to shower on him (more silverware, clean silverware, menus, etc) cheerfully and quickly. He was well spoken and just really great.

The table was filthy - the appetizer menu and condiment holders at the end of the table had old refried beans (I assume) crusted on them, the silverware on the table was dirty - even the food presentation was sloppy and gross. 

Regarding the food - it is difficult to screw up the components of Mexican food - cheese, meat, beans, tortillas/chips.  The salsa seemed like jarred store salsa, so not a great start. We ordered the Nachos Grande to share and they were okay - the chips seemed like storebought tortilla chips and the toppings were scattered haphazardly across the pile. 

I ordered the Hatch Chile Relleno, which I was excited about because it was noted as very spicy with three chiles beside it on the menu. It tasted okay but really did not have much flavor and was absolutely not spicy at all. The temperature of the dish was lukewarm.

We also shared the chocolate chimichanga dessert, which was pretty good (however it's tough to go wrong with chocolate!) The portion size was good for four of us to split. 

The majority of my experience wasn't terrible, but the disgusting condition of the table really marred everything else, which is too bad.