I would give this place NO stars if I could. Went there for lunch with a friend when we were craving mexican cantina food (hoping it would be like paradise cantina). At around 11:45am it was still pretty empty so we were seated quickly and the server came over and took our drink order. He asked if he could sit down a few times which I thought was totally inappropriate seeing as he interrupted our conversation to ask. I was initially craving a taco salad of some sort but the only dressings they had to offer were Caesar and Italian. I was hoping for a more south of the border salad so I chose the chicken enchiladas (who doesn't love rice and beans and sauce!!) my friend ordered a chicken sandwich and fries. Our server told us that he didn't like our choices and tried to push us toward other (more pricy and larger dinner entree style) options. We explained why we chose what we chose and our food was delivered to us within 5 min. I'm not usually one to be negative about quick service but 5 min seemed a little microwaved or pre-cooked and warmed up to me. Regardless we thanked them for the quick service. We the dishes were put down in front of us my friends chicken sandwich looked good. Hot, crisp but thick french fries and a juicy chicken filet. My chicken enchiladas however were topped with a red sauce that tasted like a pizza sauce or thin marinara and then melted over everything was SWIS CHEESE. WTF?!?! I had my friend taste everything just to be sure I wasn't losing my mind and sure enough....italian red sauce and swiss cheese covered my enchiladas. SO WEIRD!! Needless to say I eat much of the enchiladas and was looking forward to the rice and beans but even they were "rice a roni" style spanish rice and the beans weren't fresh or very good either. SO GROSS!!! 
The busier was quick to clear our plates but that was when the quickness stopped. The restaurant was no busier than when we arrived but we had to wait 45 minutes for the server to bring us the check and another 20 minutes for his to run our credit cards. He about disappeared a few times. I think it's really sad when it takes only 5 minutes from ordering our food to receiving our food and then an hour to pay the check?! COME ON FLAMINGO....UP YOUR GAME HERE. THE PRICES ARE WAY TO HIGH AND THE FOOD IS TERRIBLE AND THE SERVICE WASN'T REALLY THERE.