Do you remember the mosh pit scene from the Lost Boys...Like that scene, this restaurant is anarchy personified. It is white trash skater/X-games charm at it's finest!   You must possess at least 5 tattoos and 3 body piercings to work there. When we arrived, I had to wait nearly 2 minutes because a bunch of ASU kids were engaging in some bean bag game right in the middle of the restaurant. I take that back, you could walked through it but those kids don't wait on anybody...pregnant...too bad....on a walker....you might just trip! Apparently these kids are  trying to toss bean bags into some wooden board with holes. Apparently when you are drunk and stoned, games like that are fun! Who knew? The fun doesn't stop there, there is also beer pong. I couldn't distinguish the servers from the patrons because they seem to hang out and chat too. When you ask for their help, it's almost as if they are upset that you interrupted their conversation while they were chatting with the guys playing beer pong.  The Patrons...well can we say men in their 40's who looks like they were just released from prison and ASU frat boys (the frat with less money). On weekends, expect to observe a fist fight or two but then again Dos is rather proud of that.

Okay so the food...now this is what is disappointing. The food is AMAZING. Seriously, 5 stars. It's fantastic. If this place didn't have the cast of Dazed and Confused settling here, I would go here more often. Even picking up food is a little scary. It's almost as if you receive a dirty look because you are sober. Where to start, the chimichangas and burritos are out of sight! The nachos are huge with quality chicken and plenty of excellent Guacamole. 

It's a real tragedy because if the owners didn't call themselves the Two Whites guys and had a more "boring environment" and invited people who were not drunk or stoned to eat there, this place could actually make Diners Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network instead of Los Taquitos. The food here is certainly better. My advice, get the takeout and order it in the afternoon before the mosh pit starts at night. Wearing a couple of fake tatoos, eye liner and a wife beater might draw less attention too