As a first time Yelper, I thought it was my duty to pick out the most memorable experience from my recent jaunt to the Scottsdale bars to house my post.  I am not what you would call a bar fly.  I am more of a stay at home, curled up with a book kind of gal. The whole "Scottsdale Scene" leaves a bad taste in my mouth.  On this particular Friday night I was torn from the solace of my couch by a group of friends for a night on the town.  We began our evening in the Northeast part of Old Town amongst the neon lights of the newly constructed string of bars.  Giddy with anticipation of what our night would bring, we strolled into HIFI.  Being a stranger to the nightlife I was disappointed to find the service rude.  The bartenders seemed almost put out that I had the audacity to order a cocktail.  Let alone, the ever complicated vodka soda with a lemon.  I was assured by the rest of my group that was par for the course and I should be thankful the bartender chose to bestow her attention on me instead of the bar-back she was previously talking to. Far be it from me to rock the boat I smiled, thanked her, apologized to the bar-back and drank my $10 drink in silence, eyes cast to the floor.  Rinse and repeat for the next 2 hours on that side of town.  Some places better than others, though all having an air of superiority I didn't quite understand.  

Fast forward to midnight, tired of battling aggressive V necks, we made our way across Scottsdale road.  The bright neon lights from the eastside of the street had nothing on the sparkling Christmas lights of Craftsman Court.  Making our way into Dos Gringos we were greeted at the door by a bearded gent with a friendly, "Hello."   This is one of the larger bars I have been to in Scottsdale.  There were 3 different bars operating downstairs and one upstairs, which was not open on this particular night.  The place was crowded, yet we were promptly served with a smile as soon as we stepped up to the bar.  The tall red headed fellow handled my intricate concoction of vodka and soda water with ease.  We made our way to the back of the bar. The atmosphere was very inviting. The rhythm was right, I had my dancin' shoes on and me and your girl was booty shakin'.  There was more room in the back so our group posted up here for the rest of the night.  The music was excellent and all of the patrons seemed to be having a fantastic time, ourselves included.  All the bartenders, guys and gals alike, made us feel welcome and seemed happy to have us there. We were never without a beverage, and I never felt I was putting anyone out to have my glass refilled.  Fueled with laughs, the warmth of friendship, and something called Fireball, the sobering task of closing my tab crept up on me in the night.  I reached for the black check presenter with fear in my heart.  Already taking mental stock of my unpaid bills for the month, I opened the small book at the same time deciding Southwest Gas would have to wait for their money yet another paycheck. I was pleasantly surprised at the affordability of the libations.  My cat Gary and I would stay warm in spite of my poor decision making skills.  I paid my bill, left a generous tip, one that I thought was well deserved and was a direct reflection on the service I had received, and staggered my way into a taxi in the back ally.  

I would strongly recommend this place to anyone who is looking to have a pretentious-free night out on the town.  Thank you Dos Gringos and staff for making one the few nights that I get out a great one!  I'll be back for sure.