Dos Gringos reminds me of a gross, Cancun-themed college bar that should be located in Lubbock, Texas. Someplace where the patrons have never been to and may not have heard of Cancun or the Yucatan Peninsula. But this place is in Scottsdale?

Atmosphere: Yellow and green everything. Everything. Also, I love a mister, especially in the summertime. Yet, this place needs to cool it on the misters. Everything is wet. The only feeling that arises is a negative feeling-- akin to the negative connotations that arise in some people when you say the words "moist" or "used."

Service: Okay? I guess? Different employees brought us our menus, drinks, and food, plus different people to take the orders of drinks and food. I'm not really sure who I tipped. There was a mistake on our bill, so we flagged down a waitress. She took off the mistake, with a smile, and told us that one of the servers was new-- so mistakes sometimes happen. (Plus one star for customer service)

Drinks: Watered down margaritas. I'm glad we were there at happy hour ($3 for a house marg). I don't think I could pay full price for a house margarita. Other drinks on the bar menu looked good, but I will not be back to try them.

Food: We ordered queso, a breakfast burrito, and a bean burrito. The queso was high school concession stand nacho cheese in a cast iron mini-skillet. Nasty. My designated restaurant buddy got the breakfast burrito, which he thought was great for $5. 
I wish I could say the same for my burrito. Bean and cheese sounds pretty plain, but you must understand that I did not want to risk my digestive track in a place that looked like the worst of Cancun. To spice things up, I added guac to my burrito. Something the menu stated would be a $0.99 upgrade-- fine by me. When the order came out, the guac side was huge. Score! I gobbled that delicious guacamole up. Yum. When the bill came, I found out the guac was $2.99. Oh. One of the waiters explained that $2.99 was the price for a side of guac. Oh. Thanks, Dos Gringos. 

TL;DR Dos Gringos' spring break died ten years ago, but no one told Dos. Yuck.