I try not to dwell on bad dining experiences, but it's been years, maybe even decades since I left a goose egg tip.  The service stank.  I hadn't felt that invisible in years!  We sat and sat.  Then the wait guy came up and asked if we needed anything else.  This was because we sat down at one of the several tables that had not been bussed and had bottles and gunk still remaining from the last party.  When we made it more clear that wasn't our junk, he kind of smirked and acted like we were lucky he was going to do anything.  I asked for a round of margaritas and waters. He took my credit card away and I was not to see it again until we got the final tab.  I felt even more like a valued customer from this point on. We finally got the margaritas, but no waters. I asked again for waters; nope....   When we ordered, I asked for chips and salsa. In California, where I live, the Mexican restaurants just bring you chips and salsa, usually for free.  Ours came with the meal, so did the waters, finally.  This took, oh about 30 minutes.  Sorry, too late for chips and salsa.  I sent the chips back.  Anyway, the food was, at best, OK (Dos GRINGOES, right?  Maybe Gringoes shouldn't make Mexican food?).  After we ORDERED our food, the wait guy NEVER came back.  Our food was served by a separate team of servers.  They were fine and seemed to be trying to do a good job, the highlight of the meal.  The big problem was the waiter and waitress.  After giving up on the waiter, I tried to get the waitress's attention to get another drink.  This proved difficult also.  I asked for a margarita with salt; got one without.  I think it was one of the ones that was ordered by another table, because she came out with four drinks and dropped three off at another table before giving me mine.  The whole experience just sucked.  I felt like the wait staff didn't want to be there and were taking it out on the customers.  A customer at the table next to ours had to tell the waitress to pick up the tab folio because she never even looked our way again after dropping if off.  Never again.  I hated that place.