I am going to catch some heat (pun intended) on this one as LDM is considered a sacred cow in this town. I just think it is average and I don't like the location and I am not that impressed with the service. Being a native New Mexican, who knows a tremendous amount about Rio Grande - Nuevo Mexican cuisine and even more about New Mexico chiles (Hatch, Dixon, Espaola, Chimayo, Mesilla Valley, Socorro, Pecos Valley, etc), as well as, the heirloom chile's of the Pueblos and truck farms. You name it, I have been eating them for 42 years by the bushel.

I enjoy the pungent flavor of the LDM chile relleno plate that I always have when I've dined there, but I believe the chiles are Mexican. Nothing wrong with Mexican chiles as I love them, BUT I think it is wrong to call the chiles "New Mexican" if they are not. I have had New Mexico chiles there in my dish, but I have had others as well. I can discern the difference and would not claim it if I could not definitively state so. It's like saying here is your glass of Burgundy when your serving a Pinot Noir from the Languedoc. Both are French Pinot Noirs, but they definitely don't taste the same. It is a matter of nuance, and one has a higher market value to consumers. I believe it would be logistically impossible for a restaurant like LGM to only feature New Mexico chiles year round in Phoenix. As well as, their sister restaurants in NYC, Mesa, and Springerville, AZ.  The expense of the amount they would need would be astronomical based on the amount of covers they do. It would require the Franzoy's or Lyttle's entire chile crop to satisfy the demand. 
Let's face it even if you froze a container of chiles for your restaurant to use, thawed chiles suck compared to savory fresh roasted!
My other complaint is owner - mangaer, Cheryl is flat out rude and obnoxious. Friendly and hospitable is the absolute manner in New Mexico (not Santa Fe faux wannabes) cafes and restaurants. She has snapped at me on one occasion and was curt and unresponsive on others. Most New Mexico style restaurateurs would not be taking shopping junkets to Paris and driving canary yellow Corvettes either. You see being wound up on fashion and MAC cosmetics are not typical attributes of New Mexico food...it is simply red or green or "Christmas" on fancy occasions. Comida Deluxe is all about the food. The other serious complaint I have is the terrible Margaritas...reading the other Yelpers go on and on about how great they are makes me scratch my head. Cheap mixto Tequila and bad triple sec makes bad Margarita. Period! Sure if my choice is between Arribas or Los Dos it is a no-brainer...do the Dos. However, both thrive on gimmick of fabled New Mexico food. If you want some simple New Mex, go to Si Senor on Alma School. Cheap, fast and friendly.

By the way, I am not attempting to get all Diane Kennedy on you but the food at LDM is not authentic Mexican cuisine! It is Border American at its' best. I am sure that the recipes are traditional to Chef  Victoria's' family and authentic to their culture. The cuisine in New Mexico is not authentic Mexican cuisine either. Neither is Tex-Mex or California Mission examples of AUTHENTIC Mexican. Just like a German National would not recognize a Chicago hot dog as authentic German cuisine even though German immigrants created the Frankfurter. I did not see any Sicilians eating Spagetti and Meatballs last time I was in Vittoria on wine business.