I had possibly the worst Mexican meal that I've ever eaten here. I had been out furniture shopping with my roommate when we decided we were a bit peckish. After trying to decide what we wanted to eat while exploring the less-than-grandiose night-time stylings of Mesa's "Fiesta District", we settled on Mexican because of the need for slow-cooked food and spice at a proper sit-down restaurant. This was not that restaurant.

The menu is confusing and the waiter was really of no help. He had to read the menu himself to try to understand what was in the dishes we asked about. He also made mention that he had not tried the food (at least, the food we ended up ordering). Seeing no Carne Asada offerings on the menu, we chose two dishes with the Machaca Beef. I had the "Chef's Special: Stuffed Sopapillas-Two sopapillas stuffed with your choice of meat, served with rice/beans, enchilada style Christmas $12.95" My roomie got the Machaca Beef in another iteration that's not even worth remembering. We were actually quite hungry so we started in on the chips and salsa that were brought to the table. Red sauce - too hot (and I like it pretty hot). Green sauce - too hot. To remedy the situation, I asked if we could order a side of queso dip. This really confused the waiter (apparently, a hot cup of cheese to dip tortilla chips in was unfathomable at this Mexican restaurant). What we were brought was a strange greasy flour tortilla chip nacho platter with an unidentifiable warm green sauce in the middle. Bland food service cheese on greasy flour tortilla chips (which were more like soft crackers) did not inspire us for the impending meal (and they call this an "appetizer").

Long story short, everything we ordered was a complete misfire. The Machaca Beef was not so much spicy (as advertised on the menu with an asterisk to indicate "spicy New Mexican chili"), as it was so salty as to be nearly inedible. The rice and beans were flavorless and bland. The pictures posted on Yelp don't look like what we were served. Beans were dry... no sauce. We didn't come close to finishing our plates. We ate just enough to kill some nagging hunger pangs and then pushed the rest aside. I don't know how you can screw up simple Mexican staples such as rice, beans, and a tortilla stuffed with meat and covered with sauce... but they did a bang-up job of robbing this meal of any possible flavor. Come to think of it, they kinda robbed me. I won't be back and I can't understand how this place gets an average of 4 stars on Yelp. By any measure, the food here was horrid.