Ay ay ay ay!  This place has so many crazy rules!  Two are listed below...

1. can't usually accommodate big parties unless the party has 25 people or more and then the banquet room can be used.  For a party of 18, this was a bit frustrating but we were there for a birthday party and wasn't going to stress about it.

2.  When you order a pitcher of margarita, you can only have four glasses.  So for six, you have to order two pitchers! not a bad rule, I guess, but is there a need for this rule at all?

I was forewarned that the food is especially spicy.  I can attest with minor burns on my tongue from the salsa as evidence.  I am sensitive to spicy food but was really intent on trying the house specialty, adovada, which is as spicy as the salsa.  I ordered chimichanga with beef adovada a la carte, since I was full from chips and spicy salsa and two pitchers of margarita!  I also asked for a side salad but they don't serve side salad, so the server offered to add extra lettuce garnish on the plate.

My chimichanga was plated on a platter with tons of shredded iceberg lettuce surrounding it.  WOW for the lettuce garnish.  Was it prescience, common sense, or clairvoyance that made me order a pile of lettuce with my meal?  Whatever the impetus for this action, it was a smart move as the adovada was on the salty side, packed with spicy heat!  If you take the salt away, it would just be spicy.  If you take the spice away, it would just be salty.  Chili peppers do have a flavor to them, and I like it when that tartness, or bitter-sour flavor comes through, and the spice envelopes it in texture.  The spiciness was so poignant that it numbed my tongue a bit, unable to taste, and which could explain why it was salted the way it was.  The additional sides of the lettuce, sour cream, and guacamole really rounded out the chimi, and I ended up enjoying my meal.  the third pitcher of margarita could have helped reach the level of enjoyment.

Los Dos Molinos seems to be a favorite place but for reasons of which I am not certain.  I liked my meal, but was not spectacular, the prices were not so good that I would come back for cheap eats, the location was too far to add to my rotation...

My rec, is to go with three other people, (four total) who like the adrenaline rush of super spicy salsa.