I rarely disagree with Yelp reviews so I'm very puzzled by the experience I had here today, given the majority of good reviews.

First, the reason I decided to try this place was because we were in the area and it was ranked high on yelp. Perfect.

We walk in and it smelled funky in there. Like a heavy cleaner smell. It was really offputting.

We were waiting awhile before someone actually came to the host stand. Greeting was pretty icy. The guy was really weird. He grabbed some menus and handed my kids these doodle boards, which is great in theory, except for the fact that they were absolutely filthy. 

The whole place was empty, except for one other couple, and the guy sat us right next to them. What's up with that? You could tell they were kind of thinking why we were sat so close to them when the entire restaurant was empty too.

It took us awhile to get through the menu. We didn't really get the whole Santa Fe concept and it would have been nice for someone to have explained their concept, as any server even half way paying attention could have seen we were having trouble deciding.

Also, we were there during a typical happy hour, but there was no happy hour menu or signage. I had to ask if they offered happy hour and what the drinks/items were, which irritated me.

So the guy that got us our drinks who we thought was our server, disappeared, and another server introduced herself and had a much better personality than the guy. She was very friendly, and talked up the menu quite a bit. Specifically saying how great the seafood is. Well, being from the east coast, we love seafood and settled on the lobster enchilada and salmon blt. My sister ordered a mini chimichanga.

The chimichanga was ok. I've had better. But it was a generous size. My dish and my mom's...terrible.

I got the salmon blt. The salmon was cooked fine. It wasn't dry. But it wasn't fresh. By a long shot. Very fishy. So gross. The bacon was greasy. The tomatoes were old and there was no lettuce. I was also expecting a fresh, authentic sopapilla, and a got a dry roll.

My mom's dish. Just bad. Rancid. And there is NOTHING worse than bad seafood. Our server deflected and said "hey I recommended the shrimp so you can't blame me." Instead of apologizing, offering her something else or comping the offending dish. Unprofessional.

A few positives...the bathroom was spotless and my margarita was good. The salsa is good. And our server was great until the end.

Overall, very disappointed.