Our meal here was one of those times when we wished we could have eaten ten times the amount of food.  Our dishes---DH got the Enchantment platter and I got the Spooning Rellenos---were---to be extravagant---sublime!

But let's start with the chips and bowl of salsa that were immediately brought to our table when we were seated.  Is it salsa?  I don't think by the definition---to my thinking, it was more like a puree of delicious, fire-roasted Hatch chilies!  Oh, yum!  The chips were nothing special, but who cared with that tasty green goodness!

We each ordered a glass of wine---reasonably priced.

Then came our entrees, which---as I said earlier---were delicious!  My spooning rellenos were breaded and fried peppers filled with juicy, tender beef, chorizo, and jack and cheddar cheese.  Oh, my!  Accompanied by some delicious pinto beans---not heavily seasoned, but their simpleness were the perfect foil to all the flavors on my plate.  There was also seasoned rice, which I did not eat.  Not a fan of rice---should have traded for extra beans!

DH's platter had  a beautiful and delicious filet---quite large for the well-priced plate---and perfectly cooked to his requested medium rare.  The accompanying shrimp were tasty and again, grilled to perfection.  The chicken enchilada was delicious and the chile potato---oh, wow!  It was half a chile with the innards cleaned out, then potatoes pureed with chiles and carefully piped back into the "shell".  Pretty to look at, tasty to the mouth.

Of course, we had no room for dessert.  In fact, we had enough to bring home, which was great, because all in all, Blue Adobe Grill is almost an hour from our house, so sadly, this is going to be a "special" restaurant.  But we will be back.  Not only did so many dishes sound delicious on the menu, but when carried out to our fellow diners, we were annoying rubberneckers as they went by!  

I surely hope we find another reason to be down Mesa way!

My edit---I forgot to mention the chile-corn chowder.  TO. DIE. FOR.  I would like to have carried home containers of both the "salsa" and chowder home.  I have since learned Blue Adobe has second location closer to us, in Scottsdale.  Can't wait to try---hope it will live up to the original!