But the food was excellent!

Too bad the service was so poor.  I'd called earlier in the week (Sunday) and asked if the restaurant could handle a group of approximately 30 people from 6-8 on the following Friday.  I was assured they could and that I should verify the reservation by Wednesday.  They also suggested we choose from a shorter menu to expedite everything.  Fine.  The other organizer called to verify and was assured we were welcome.  

I arrived early and found four round tops set aside for us, plus one end of  the bar.  We shoved the tables closer together hoping to get another one into that corner, but no such luck.  The single waiter struggled to take drink orders and then food orders as half our group ended up standing and shuffling around other patrons attempting to get to the restroom.  We did snag one more table but when we tried to get another one, a woman who I assumed was the manager asked those people to move - that table was reserved.  (Though is was not used until much later as we tried to check out)  A few of our group at the bar were at first told they couldn't order food, and another couldn't get water.  

We realized they just couldn't hand us and tried to get our checks.  I had to pay my drink order and my food order separately.  Two people got their checks and the rest of us ended up standing in a line to pay our bills.  Nobody helped this one poor waiter at all.

I realize we have a large group but we did call more than once in advance and were assured there wouldn't be a problem.  When I mentioned to the manager that we were not please with the service she informed me that it was our fault, and that she'd warned us they were overbooked.  Gee, I don't remember any conversation that went that way.

As far as I know, none of us had any complaints about the actual food though.  I heard many compliments and my meal was very good.  Its just that we were made to feel unwelcome, the service was very slow and the people at the bar seemed to have quite an attitude when our people tried to order anything but alcohol.

Don't say you can handle a large group and then drop the ball before we even get started.