This is the first review I have ever given on any restaurant.  This is the best and most consistently good quality food I have ever had living here from Boston for 23 years.  Yes...we frequent many different restaurants. 

This reminds me of the Cheers bar in Boston where you walk in and it is as friendly as can be. 

Although we have not had everything on the menu,  but getting close, neither my wife nor myself has every had anything that was not outstanding.  Love the salsa, the lobster dip and the guacamole.  If you like spice...they've got it...if you don't they've got that too. 

Enchiladas and chimichanga to die for.  All meat and perfectly spiced. Chili Rellenos...the best.  Plus we have all the different steaks and they are melt in your mouth.  

Plus I think it might be impossible to finish any entre as the portions are so generous.  For lunch today we will have one of the chimichangas because we had to split one last night for dinner...that we took home. 

Every week we have clients who fly in from all over the country and outside.  I think over the past 3 years we have sent upwards of 150 people to Blue Adobe.  Some who have gone there for lunch end up back there for dinner.  All I have gotten in follow up emails from clients is - we loved Blue Adobe. 

Last night while we had a drink and guacamole, while waiting for out food, I looked over at the guys plate who was sitting next to me and asked what it was. He said - Last Night's Meat Loaf.  He said he has it all the time and will have to take it home for breakfast tomorrow.  It is next on  my list. 

My wife and I are not easy to please but when we find a quality restaurant we stick with it. 

The owner Mike is friendly and the bartender Rob is one of the best we have ever had. Watch how fast this guy moves.  And as a neighborhood bar and restaurant you get to see the same faces over and over.  What does that tell you?

I was surprised that one of the reviews had 1 star.  I don't know what planet this person is from but disregard what was said.  Did they want Italian?  This is Blue Adobe Santa Fe Grille.  I will challenge you to find better food anywhere. 

Come join us. You will love it.