Gallo Blanco set a high bar and Otro grabs onto the bar here and there but cant really pull itself up to it. Terrific in spots, lagging in others, overall just okay. Kudos for carving out the pleasant open interior, but the service, atmosphere and even the food here dont consistently match the flagship. That somewhat reluctant observation hardly rises to the level of condemnation, more like mild disappointment, and is based on a handful of visits to both locations.

Servers downtown are/were hip and more importantly, sharp, anticipating needs, recommending condiments, invested in their guests' satisfaction. At Otro, it feels tenser and more transactional, like you're a tab instead of a guest. There's just less professional and personal confidence here and you're less likely to get your iced tea refilled or thanked on your way out. I realize they're going for casual, but casual should be a personality or flair, not a tangible reduction in customer service. Not in this market and age, especially not with Gallo's pedigree, 

I also prefer Gallo's menu, although there's considerable overlap. Companions claim food here is comparable, so maybe it's what you order and who you are. Otro's homemeade paella had too much salt or onions, for me, and tasted more packaged than savory. I had a torta there where the filling was fine but the bun evoked McDonalds, like they ran out of better buns. The chiliquiles here is rojo and the lopsided tower tended to fall apart.   I prefer (adore, is more accurate) the expertly assembled verde downtown.  Our party agreed the  biscuit, banana and plaintain dessert was awful. Not expensive, but the least satisfying dessert we've had out in a long time. 

I like the big, thick chips they serve with the guac. They pour a big glass of wine. There's quaint, thoughtful seating in the foyer in case there's a wait.  And I love any North Central spot with spacious DIY parking, sans valets. That almost feels retro now, like hitching your horse up in front of Monti's Casa Vieja a hundred years ago. You might even score a shady spot out back this summer. Orange shirt and feedbag optional.