This place was so great my boyfriend wanted me to write a positive review for him lol. It's not traditional mexican food but everything is fresh and they try to get as much local product as possible. The restaurant itself is nice very simple with a slight industrial feel with lots of windows for natural light. Everything is spaced out well so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of the person at the next table. They really took the time to lay everything out. It is in a weird location but that doesn't seem to deter the many people that kept coming in maybe it was the wood you smell from their grill which automatically makes your mouth water when you walk in the door. So with that here's what we decided to eat:

ensalada de la casa (house salad)- we got the big size to share and it is plenty for 2. they perfectly dress it (which for the both of us is a big deal because we both work in kitchens) and the flavors are light and meld well together for the combination of things they have in it (serrano ham, little spanish green olives, goat cheese, tomato and red onion) . My only criticism is the croutons, to me, were not that but the bread they use has a nice chewy crust so I can forgive that. According to my boyfriend you can't win friends with salad but this one he can make an exception

we both had tacos al pastor (pork) and carne asada

the al pastor was so tender and they grill fresh pineapple for it which in my book wins every time

the carne asada was juicy and full of flavor with a generous dollop of of smashed avocado

we also got sides which I recommend just make sure you ask what the first 3 are because they change according to what they get from that particular vendor. 

So I got maya's farms veggies which consisted of yellow squash and zucchini that they grilled and tossed with sliced garlic lemon and shishito peppers. Amazing

My boyfriend got the arroz frito which was their take on fried rice. They stir fry it with a ton of fresh veggies and I think they may use bacon fat but don't hold me to that

There was no disappointment here just wish we were there for happy hour but we were an hour too early. Maybe next time since they seem to have a ton of items that they give discounts on. We will definitely return again again.