Ok, as we all know, it takes A LOT to get me to write a bad review.  It normally takes things like bad food, bad service, and an overall bad experience.  Well DING DING DING, we have a winner.  

I went here for breakfast with my normal group of "Dining Friends".  We go to restaurants all over the valley just to try something new.  The service can best be described as untrained monkeys aimlessly running around.  There was no organization, no method to the madness.  Our orders were messed up not once, not twice, but 3 times!! As a matter of fact, I am the only person that received the correct meal.  

Tim received the wrong thing.  He ordered oatmeal and got a parfait.  Then when his oatmeal came out, it was piled high with parfait items that he didn't want or order.  We got this fixed.  

Jessica's meal was super spicy.  Nothing abnormal here except she specifically asked if it was spicy because she has issues with too much heat in a meal and was told no.  At this point she ate part of my meal because we were so disgusted by this time, no one wanted to order anything else.  

James's meal came out wrong.  He ordered the meat version and got the veggie.  Not the biggest deal, but with strike 3 we asked for the manager.  Here comes the best part....Our waitress is the "Head Waitress" and the one in charge.  No other managers.  So we explain to her all of the issues and she walks away to get James his meal. She comes right back to explain that it wasn't her fault, the runner grabbed the wrong meal.  She spent SEVERAL minutes blaming everyone except the cable repair man for everything that went wrong.

Now again, mistakes happens and can be forgiven.  What can NOT be forgiven is the way we were treated.  The waitress went through great lengths to blame shift all of the issues on other people.  Never once did she apologize or try to really make the situation better.  It was all about her being in the right.  I guess I feel a little better knowing we were not the only ones treated that way based on one of our neighbors hearing our plight, striking up a conversation with us about a similar experience.  We could also hear random conversations from other tables.  NOT a happy day.  Perhaps a dedicated front of house manager could solve some of these issues.

I have made several jokes since then about trying this place again. I just find it hard to believe that EVERYTHING could go so bad in one sitting.  However, I refuse to spend my money at a place that obviously does not respect the people who show patronage.