Have you been to lunch where your 3 year old dumps the salt and proceeds to walk her doll through the "snow.?"  I have one available if you would like to try it out.  This may or may not have happened while dining here.

When you enter a nice (and super cute might I add oh wait scratch that I am married and he is probably 21 years old) host greets you.  The place wasn't very busy and we got seated right away on the patio.  The decor and ambience to me were boring and might I add it is in a strip mall meh meh meh.

We started out with the chips and salsa.  I am a stereotypical white girl who wants free chips and salsa, so that I can fill up on these before the meal comes.  Not here.  You have to pay and our chips were gone fairly quick. (they were only $1, but still $1 is a $1). The saving grace is the chips were good and I wouldn't be surprised if they didn't make them there. They bring you a red salsa and a green salsa.  The salsas are made fresh every day. My favorite was mixing the 2 salsas together for a nice surprise.  

I ordered the shrimp taco and the carne asada taco.  They were both very flavorful, but unfortunately both were dry and slightly overcooked.  The tortillas are made there and you can tell because they were tasty, but flour so not traditional.  My daughter had the beans and the chicken taco, which to our surprise were the ripe ole price of FREE.  Next time my daughter is going to be super hungry and order everything off the menu or maybe I will treat her preschool class to lunch one day. (M-F 2pm-6pm only) The beans were super tasty and I'm pretty sure my daughter kept asking me to stop eating them.  The chicken on the other hand was dry but flavorful.  I highly recommend the guacamole.  It came on the taco and I considered ordering an entire serving of it. 

Service was a mixed bag.  They seemed on top of things at first and then we never saw them.  We had to ask for our check 2-3 times.  

I really love the fact they are family owned and a neighborhood restaurant.  I want to go back and try a few other things.  Next time will be Brunch.

*****Came back a second time and service was slooooooow.  Food was mediocre.  I liked it much better the first time.  Honestly don't think we will be back very soon.