Over the last year or so my taste in Mexican food has grown more sophisticated.

Circa 2009 if it had cheese and Mexican spices I was generally happy, but recently I've found old favourites like Guadalajara at Sunset Station and Cafe Coyote aren't hitting the spot like they used to.

My wife and I went to Leticia's for lunch today with a groupon and I've gotta say that I've found my new favourite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas. Even though it's a huge hike north to go here, the food was so good I am sure we will be back often.

The chips looked worrisome, but looks are deceiving, they are fresh as can be and absolutely delicious. They come out with some very good bean dip, and a pair of excellent salsas (one red, one green) - No "spicy pasta sauce on a bowl" here - these salsas taste how salsa should taste.

We started our meals with the Mexican corn which was very tasty without being overwhelming and I followed this with a plate of Nachos. I was really pleased with the use of good quality Mexican cheese and the options available so I could tailor my nachos to my specifications. I went with carne asada (incredible quality for a nacho topping) and chiles toreados. 

Now, I'm something of a nacho connoisseur - if I see them on the menu then chances are they are what I am ordering - these were some really special nachos. It wasn't just the quality of the cheese. It wasn't the delicious carne asada and the fresh and tasty chips. It wasn't even the wonderfully roasted and flavourful whole green onions that laced the top of my food. It was a combination of everything. The best nachos I have eaten in Vegas by some distance.

My wife ordered vegetable enchiladas with mushrooms and spinach which came with a white rice casserole with crema, cheese and peppers. A real change from the "Cheese in a tortilla with sauce" that's often her only vegetarian option at Mexican places and we both really liked how Leticia's offers more to have with your meal than just rice and beans. Thought has really gone into this menu.

Overall, a great meal in pleasant surroundings. An absolute no brainer to award this one 5 stars.