They are getting a star bump! 

We picked this for family dinner and it is now, grandma and mom in law approved, friend approved and passes on consistency of food and great service yet again. 

Like stated in my last review, the beans taste like how my abuela made them. I never eat beans only because they disappoint and I never asked her how she cooked them before she passed away. Out of the hundreds of restaurants there is only two places I would eat beans at and this is the only one in Vegas. I almost ate the whole bowl that comes with the chips and ate almost all that was on my plate. That alone is worthy of a lot of praises. 

I got the carnitas "ma pita" ($13.89) - it was juicy and soft. I asked for some green sauce on the side and that just takes it to a even better level. Love their green sauce here (not the one that comes with the chips, the one they use on the entrees). I like that they put chicharones since that's how we ate it at home.

BF got tamales ($ 9.89) one green pork, one rajas con quezo with green sauce. I took a bite and both are pretty good. The masa is solid, but not dry at all which tends to happen at a lot of restaurants. 

Mom and Grandma shared a beef burrito, enchilada style with green sauce and cheese ($11.89). I just kept hearing that this is "really yummy". Grandma as a thing for albondigas soup ($2.89) so she ordered a cup and said it was pretty good. 

My friend got enchiladas ($11.89) 2 chicken green sauce and finished the whole plate and kept telling me this was a really great choice of restaurant. 

If you check in on the Yelp app, you get a free fried ice cream so we used the deal this time. It was pretty big and good, but really frozen solid so we sat for a moment to get it to where we wont bend a spoon. 

Server was the same as last time, Marija, and she is super friendly. I really appreciate enthusiastic, genuinely caring service and she was very attentive to drinks and checking in on us and remembering little requests like a side of sour cream, sauce, etc. Gives this place a big edge since normally Mexican restaurants aren't this friendly in Vegas. 

Crazy that out of all the places this could be, it's right by my house. I think this is my favorite sit down Mexican restaurant in Vegas, hands down.