Maybe I came on an off day? Maybe my expectations are a little too high as of late? But seriously, how does this place have this volume of ratings and maintain this high of an average?!
I'm not sure if I'm more pissed at the restaurant for being sub-par or this many yelpers being fooled by such simple bullshit. It's my fault for being on my dying cell phone and not taking the time to read the reviews. Otherwise I would have dismissed this place IMMEDIATELY when I realized  "multiple salsas" was the CONSISTENT 5 star standard for a quality establishment!  Are you frickin kidding me?

Food.  I'll try to take my shitty experience out of this equation for the moment and ask why people love this bland cookie cutter On the Boarder franchise-esq, no heart, soulless food? After finally be able to put in the order (after 20 min wait) we waited another 20 mins (I know because I timed it) to get a cold to semi-warm plate, the carnitas was over cooked, tough (that's a HUGE accomplishment if you know how to make it) and bland. Had a nice piece of bone in there too. The beans had that nice dried crust layer on top like it had been sitting under the heat lamp a little too long but was too far to get the heat. 
That salsa everyone loses their shit over, was okay. El Torrito and On the Boarder has that too, so does Rubio's technically. 

Service: This was just stupid. And I'm kicking myself for not walking out. Went on a late Sunday afternoon after hiking Mt. Charleston (needless to say, hungry). The place is hardly busy. One girl comes over to take drink orders, says she can't take beer orders, but the the bartender can who will also be our waitress. I don't know why she couldn't have given our order to the bartender when she informed her of our table. 10 mins later, bartender comes (Natalie) "You want something from the bar?" Place DRINK order. I've been watching her from my table 15 ft away flirting with some douche face at the bar. Beer comes out in a glass so cold the beer is slushy. I'm not only a pretentious dick, I'm also a beer snob. I like to taste my beer, frozen glass = no taste. In spite of my annoyance, I asked nicely If I can have a glass that isn't iced. Natalie "They all come like that."  Me, "how about that (soda) glass that isn't frozen or run one under some cold water?" 10 mins pass, flirts with douche, comes back, replaces beer in different frozen glass. Now takes FOOD order.
Food comes out like it's been under a heat lamp and the beans have that nice crust on them. We pick at our food. Flag  Natalie down for our bill, and get the hell out of this pit.

This place sucks. The food sucks, the service sucks, the menu sucks. there isn't any thing redeeming about this place. Someone please correct me if I'm out of line here.