My mom and stepdad were passing through town and we needed to eat something good, but close to my house so we brought them here. 

I had the chuletas- it came with two fairly thick and big pork chops and with that delicious green sauce. The green sauce is closest to my moms and I had her taste it and she says it's pretty close. The rice casserole was okay, but I prefer regular rice I think. 

My mom got the mocajete- this is their fajitas. The items were grilled and not just pan cooked which a ton of places do. It's a bit different since it is thrown with sauce and cheese on it. The sauce is interesting with a bit of a sweet spicy (seems like there's nutmeg?) and creamy since the cheese kinda blended in, however I think I want that on the side since it's all I could taste and the grilled meats lost some of it's grill flavor. There's a lot of meat in here for the price. 

My stepdad got carne asada and was happy with his food. He is Mexican and the abuela who made the beans I talk a lot about is his mother- he said this place was good and the beans were good. 

BF got the carnitas which was soft and good. He also got some green sauce on the side since it's a favorite and goes well with pork. 

I love the horchata here since it's creamy and homemade.  

My mom wanted to try their flan and theirs is worth ordering. I hate that most restaurants it's more like gelatin, lots of air bubbles...it's not done right. This is creamy and rich how it should be. 

The hitch  was the service time. The servers here are always friendly, attentive and good about refillls and such however the kitchen was so backed up for lunch. I've seen this place packed more than this and got our food in a timely manner. Lunch became a 2 hour affair instead of a hour. 

I get that this sometimes happens, but man what bad timing. The parents had precious time in passing through so after eating, they didn't have time to hang out for a bit and had to leave. 

It seems like a rare occurrence since the staff here seems to do well at their job so I'm still a fan.