I really do not understand all the rave reviews.  I guess this is definitely a "love" or "hate" type of place.  And I am definitely in the latter group.  I can only imagine my disappointment and confusion had I read the reviews before eating at this restaurant.

We went on a Sunday around 2:00.  The hostess was unfriendly and unwelcoming, but nonetheless we were seated quickly.  The restaurant look and feel is very average.  No unique decor, no ambiance, just your basic looking food house.  Very misleading from the outside appearance, in my opinion.

As I perused the menu, I was particularly struck by all of the specific rules, guidelines, directives, footnotes, etc.  Split plate charges (even on kids meals!), drink substitution upcharges, different type of rice charges, etc.  I actually read the whole menu cover to cover because it was so silly.  I actually found myself wondering if the chips and salsa would be charged to us, or not refilled for free.  Hey, I understand businesses have to make money, but the food is already way overpriced and expensive, the special rules just make it absurd.

Anyway, so the super tiny basket of tortilla chips and 3 varieties of salsa/dip were brought to our table by an apathetic busgirl.  The waiter soon followed and placing our orders was an easy, quick process.  We ate the chips in about 4 minutes, so we flagged down the busgirl to get a refill.  I was surprised to learn that the chips and salsa were, in fact, complimentary (haha), but we ended up receiving our first refill after our food was already delivered to the table (so about 20 minutes from the time we asked).  Which, hey, great, we didn't fill up on chips and salsa, right?

So, I had an order of ceviche and a carnitas street taco.  The ceviche was fine.  Not good, not bad.  Just basic.  The street taco was absolutely disgusting.  At first, I was impressed with the amount of meat, but when I realized it was very little meat and mostly globs of fat, I quickly lost my appetite.  That was made worse when I smelled my husband's ground beef tacos, which, I swear, smelled like cat food.  My husband, who eats everything, ate about a half of his taco.

In the end, we chalked this up to a "learning experience," and paid our bill and left.  We are not the type to complain to try and get something for free.  I sent in feedback online, because I think it's important for the owners to know the details, but I haven't heard back.  I can't say I'm surprised, and I will never step foot in this restaurant again.