First off, I went to Casa Don Juan on St. Patrick's Day for a pre-game meal since I would be drinking heavily. I assumed Mexican food would be a good pre-cursor to getting totally hammered. What can I say? I like to think ahead now that I'm in my "late" 20s.

Being that is was Thursday and an Irish holiday the place actually had quite a few people in it. Also, it was much bigger than I had first thought. Plenty of seating in booths and tables. And there was a party table set up next to our table - so obviously they can handle large groups well. 

When we first sat down we were told about the drink specials (Midori Maragaritas, two for $6.99!!) Amazing. I am assuming it was a St. Patty's Day special (being that they were green), but I would also assume since they had such a great drink special for St. Patty's Day they probably have a decent happy hour and other drink specials. The margaritas were good, a little on the sweet side for me though, but I can contribute that to the Midori, and probably a larger than usual amount because they were wanting to make them GREEN. 

On to the food - they have a typical Mexican menu. Burritos, fish dishes, and combo plates. I had the "wet burrito" with steak. I thought it was pretty delicious and ate almost all of it. The thing was huge. HUGE. They also offer burritos that are not "wet" - this means there is sauce poured on top of the burrito. Oh, but just as a side note I thought the sauce could have used a BIT more flavor other than tomato taste. But that's a small complaint considering the burrito itself was pretty tasty and they did not skimp on the meat. As another plus - the food came out incredibly quickly, which is usually a staple of Mexican dining, so kudos to them for the quick turn around.

I will go back here I think, especially since I'd like to see what other drink specials they may have. Oh, as a side note, it IS downtown on Main Street. So, if you're not used to being downtown and in this particular area of town you may find it a bit seedy. It's okay though, the restaurant is on a main road and the parking lot is well lit. The food and ambiance of the place definitely makes up for the location!