On the drive up to the Spotted Donkey, I asked my friend who was driving "So is this place in Flagstaff or what?". As we joked about how distant this restaurant is from our far far away land (Tempe), my stomach started to grumble. You see, I didn't eat anything that day, and my friend assured me that I would be rewarded by the amazing food at the Spotted Donkey. I took his word for it, and off we went... Though, If we didn't make it to Spotted Donkey soon, I was going to stop at the In n Out at Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101. Luckily he assured me it wouldn't be much longer, and we made it before my stomach rebelled against me.

It was a beautiful evening out, and the weather was perfect, so naturally we wanted to eat outside. As I combed over the menu, I knew exactly what I wanted. I was going to start with the Guacamole ($10.50), and for my entree I would get the Big Ol' Jack Ass Angus Burger ($12.50 - appropriate name, you'll see shortly enough). 

The guacamole was some of the most tasty and fresh I have ever eaten. The mixed basket of yellow and blue corn tortilla chips complimented the guacamole immensely. The only thing missing from this great dish was the kick I am used to. I asked our server for a side of chopped jalapenos, which once mixed in to our guacamole, transformed this dish from great to sheer awesome. 

I was hit with the unfortunate truth that it may be hard to top such an amazing appetizer. I only ordered a hamburger from a menu with many specialties on it. Though I was shocked again, the burger that I received was one of the tastiest I have had in Arizona in a long time. I was told by my friend that the chefs here vary on the burger cooking temperature, so I made sure to describe exactly how I wanted my burger cooked, so we went with medium +. To continue with that night's spice theme, I asked for a side of green chiles to put on my burger, which turned out to be another great choice. The burger comes with a mountain of fresh cut fries filled to the brink in a basket. These are also delicious. 

While I hear they have fantastic desserts, I was beyond stuffed, and could not even consider looking at a dessert menu.

The Spotted Donkey receives an easy 5 stars in regards to our food. The only rating that they lose on is the service. The two times I have been here, the waiters have lacked personality, have been spotty at best, and seemed to have a bit of a smug attitude. I realize I am a college age student, but my money is just as green as anyone else there. 

I am looking forward to my next trip up!