If there's one thing I've learned by living in Arizona all these years, it's that no two Mexican restaurants are exactly alike. That's a good thing if you love adventure, especially when you run across a gem like Brushfire Tacos Y Tapas because there is literally no place like it. 

Before I get into the review, I should tell you what I think makes good Mexican food. I love fresh ingredients, unique combinations and interesting flavors. I have friends who judge Mexican food strictly by heat - but I'd rather taste everything I'm eating. I'm not trying to prove my tongue is made of cast iron, I want to take my time and taste every ingredient in every bite. And of course, great customer service is a must because it can make a good meal a really great experience. 

That's what I like about Brushfire. It's a tiny little drive thru restaurant that's really unique. I think it's actually designed out of old shipping containers and I thought that was pretty cool. It's small with a walk up window and a couple of stone picnic tables in the back for seating. It's not the typical "taco stand" that we see on every street corner in the Valley. It's a little more upscale and you'll see that in the menu offerings, the fresh ingredients and on the times I've visited - in the friendly customer service. 

With a menu that features tacos and tapas, you'd probably expect it to be in a nicely decorated, traditional, sit down restaurant. But this is more sidewalk fare, sold mostly a la carte and served in styro containers and cups. Like I said, it's a little different. 

So, in reading some of the earlier reviews, I can see how some people are thrown by this place. If you're expecting a typical "taco stand" the prices will be a little higher and if you're expecting a traditional dining experience, you might be put off by sitting outside or eating out of a takeout bag. I have to admit, I wasn't sure what to expect on my first visit but to me, Brushfire is really the best of both worlds.

Tacos run about $3.50 each but even in a styrofoam package, this food looks and tastes amazing! (How they make a taco look appetizing in a styro container is an art in itself!) Lots of fresh ingredients and subtle flavors make each bite one to savor. If you're a first timer - start with a flight and try the empanadas - a light flaky deep friend pocket of chicken and veggies, served over a bed of lettuce and sour cream with spicy mayo on the side. You may be tempted to customize your order but on your first visit, try going with everything as described because these are subtle flavor combinations that really go together. A flight includes a drink and chips and your choice of salsa (try the Verde a medium salsa with an avocado base or the Brushfire medium salsa for a little more kick) for about $7.50 - $8.00.

Most adults will want a couple of tacos, especially if you want to explore the menu. I've tried the pork served "el pastor" bbq style with pineapple, pico and cheese. Add a little of their Wildfire or Inferno salsa if you want to bring the heat but try one bite without first to see what's going on inside the flour tortilla. Same goes for the chicken taco, marinated in cilantro-lime, grilled, served with pico, cheese and some really great guacamole. Each came with a slice of lime on the side. Perfecto! Other taco options include shrimp, veggie and steak but I love the pork and chicken so much, I'm having a hard time getting to those - maybe on my next visit? 

If you're a light eater, you can get by on a flight, chips and a drink but if you're like me and get caught up in sampling all the options, you can expect to spend over $10 for two tacos, a little tapas, chips/salsa and a drink. I'm hoping in the future they come up with options for two taco or even a three taco flight - to help customers really have fun with the menu.

If you have the kids in tow, there are menu options for them ranging from some of the tapas offerings from the croquettas (ham and cheese croquettes) the kids burrito or quesidilla. Don't forget to save room for the churros with choco dipping sauce on the side. 

That being said, this place won't be for everyone but seriously, you can say that about every Mexican place in Arizona. Ask any three people what their favorite Mexican restaurant is and you'll get three different answers. That's one of the perks of living here so get out there and start trying new places!

Traditional taco stands will still have their legions of fans who carry hot sauce in their glove box. Those nice traditional Mexican places will still enjoy their customers that want to make a night of it. But for me, this place does the trick. And judging by the continuous line in the drive thru on our visits, the word seems to be getting around. Glad to see people coming out to support local restaurants!