I'm used to just a regular margarita with lime juice and agave- The drink they served me hadn't any tartness to it at all and tasted very watery. For $13- it sucked. Honestly, had it been a $5 drink, it would have sucked. My date and I didn't say anything about our margaritas until we left.. he looks over at me and says, " My margarita really sucked. It was the worst I have ever had." I want to repeat something here- I am NOT one of those people accustomed to cheap cocktails and mixes- I am used to authentic fresh quality margaritas- So, I'm not complaining because it didn't taste like some artificial mixer- I am complaining because someone didn't take the time to squeeze enough lime juice to make the drink taste right. For $13- that's ridiculous. Macayos now serves a "skinny margarita" where they hand squeeze lime juice with simple syrup and it's $8. If they can make a decent Margarita- then Barrio cafe should be able to... And the reason I mention Macayos, is because I don't think their food is anything to write home about- but they can make a decent drink, so what's the deal Barrio? 

So, that was a bummer.

As for the food- the one thing I really wanted to try on the menu wasn't available. So, I did the seafood enchiladas- they were amazingly delicious. The portion was huge. They were pricey, but worth it. Although, there were a lot of crab shells in my food... that made eating the food a little tough- and it was embarrassing having to fish the shells out of my mouth while chewing. 

We also ordered the table side guac- I was surprised that our server didn't mash the avocado. She just scooped it out of the avocado in cubes and threw some pomegranate seeds- maybe a splash of something else... Is this how it's supposed to be made? Luckily for me, I really like avocados regardless of how they are prepared, but it seemed a little lazy. Our server was polite, but too hip to be more cordial.

I would come again, if someone wanted to go. The food does taste good, but there seems to be a high level of apathy with the staff, bartender, cooks... they don't seem to pay attention to detail- and that is what higher end dining is about really. Quality ingredients, great recipes and attention to detail. Like mash an avocado, no shells in the food, squeeze enough lime for the margy.