My new favorite. Although, I think the food is overpriced and the long lines unbearable. Despite the hype around this restaurant, I think the food and experience deserve the kudos. 

My yelp "tag line" is Erika "waits in no line" Keenan. I hate waiting in line. And I don't wait in line. I pride myself in being a person that doesn't get sucked into hype. I guess that's why it took me so long to try the Barrio Cafe.  Don't make the same mistake. 

Parenthesis to my review and to help add a little background:  My mother is from Central Mexico (Born in Leon, Juanajuato and raised in Mexico City). She even owned her own Mexican restaurant in upstate New York. This food reminds me very much of what I grew up with -- but adds a twist (I hesitate to call it gourmet-ish) that is what must create the buzz. 

The location is not sexy -- which is another reason why I loved the experience. (Not the best reason to choose a restaurant, but one that always adds extra appeal to my decision making process :) The space is small, but I didn't feel confined. The service was not rushed - but everything came out timely. 

Richard, the host, informed us that we would have an hour wait.  But it really only took 35 minutes (still a lifetime to someone who doesn't like to wait in lines).    But, I was celebrating my birthday with friends, so I think I was distracted and maybe a little more forgiving.

My party started with the guacamole. They add pomegranates - which I guess is the "gourmet" twist.  Back East, avocados may be more expensive, but out here, no.  Not sure where the $10 price tag comes from - maybe those damn pomegranates.  A nice add - but not necessary.   Since the guac is made fresh at the table, you can always ask to omit the pomagranates, or any of the additional incredients for that matter, but I'm pretty sure it doesn't reduce the cost.

For the main course, I enjoyed the Enchiladas Suizas and my friend enjoyed the Enchiladas de Mole. Both were incredible and I'm confident my mother would approved of the mole. My friend and I both agreed we loved the Enchiladas Suizas best though. (By the way, we had to take part of our meals home and, for the record, the reheated well when we had the leftovers for breakfast this morning.) 

I do think the food is a pricey (especially considering what I remember my mother charging in New York for the same dishes -- well ok -- she never served pomegranates in the guacamole). 

But, overall I honestly think this is a great place - and I'm so proud Phoenix has someplace that actually services central Mexican food (there's more to Mexico than a double flour tortilla with cheese in the middle or a burrito). 

For another Mexican restaurant - without the hype, the gourmet twist, or the price tag, try Tortas la Presa on 24th St.