We have been wanting to try this place out for a while but there was always a long line during peak times. However last night we went out a little early (5:30PM) and found that there was no line and plenty of tables. Make sure you park in the back and don't stop in front of the restaurant itself or you will block traffic on 16th Street. Plenty of parking in the back. Besides the back and sides of the building are covered in these beautiful murals. Definitely worth a few photos. 

We walked in from the back door. The restaurant is really cute and homey. Very clean. There is a really cute little bar up in the front. Our server sat us. He had the most beautiful accent. I could have listened to him describe the specials all night. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and the ingredients and how things were prepared. He was also very warm and friendly and seemed to really enjoy his job. 

Instead of chips and salsa he brought out the most delicious bread along with an amazing olive spread. I loved it and I really am not a big fan of olives. It was that good. My friend loves olives and she was in heaven. We both stated to get excited about what was in store for us.  

We started off with the signature "Lowrider" margarita as it was half off on happy hour. Normally it is $12 but we got them for only $6. At first we were startled at the regular price but after a few sips we found it a bargain as it was very strong and it was half-off due to happy hour. And very tasty. But if your driving you may only want to have one just to be safe. (NB Cafe Barrio is on major bus lines so public transit is always an option,) 

I had the chicken enchiladas with brown mole sauce. The enchiladas were amazing. The mole sauce had hints of smoldering chocolate and was so tasty. I fell in love. The sizes were generous as well. The main dish was accompanied by these amazing mashed potatoes which were out of this world. The food was excellent. So good in fact that we didn't save any room for desert.

The only downside to this cafe is the price. It was a little on the pricey side with our bill coming out to a little over $60 for two people. However, for a special treat type place with a date Barrio Cafe can not be beat. The food was very fresh, very tasty and its not your usual Mexican menu. I really enjoyed my food and my time at Barrio Cafe and will happily go again.