My "foodie friend" insisted I try this place and has been talking about it for a very long time! We went today. I had to park in the back which is surrounded by an unsavory residential area. So parking was my first concern. The restaurant inside was quaint and nice. For such a highly acclaimed restaurant, I wasn't at all impressed with the service. I was not greeted. Since I was meeting my friend, I decided to just look around myself. I understand that this is not an On The Border or "traditional" Mexican food as soon as I open the menu. Unfortunately, that's the kind of Mexican food that I like! No chips and salsa. Isn't that a staple at any Mexican restaurant? They served bread, which wasn't even good. Very basic bread like what you could purchase at Basha's and some type of chili/tomatoe spread. I skipped that. We ordered guacamole which was awesome. Too bad the chips they served were so dry and bland. Again, in my opinion the guacamole would have been so much better on the thin salty chips that I am used to! I was starving so I decided to get adventurous and order something that sounded somewhat familiar. I ordered what I thought would be a simple chicken enchilada. It was a mole sauce, which I had never tried before. Not a fan. I had just a couple bites. This "mexican bitter chocolate" sauce had no place on food at all, but I've heard a lot of great things about it, so maybe it's just my personal taste. My friend's pulled pork was delicious, had a couple bites of that. I've obviously realized by now that this is Mexico City type food and not traditional "beans and rice, chips and salsa" type food. The meal was served with a side of very soggy vegetables-again, not typical vegetables that you would even want to eat, so I didn't understand that either.Is this a side? Is it a garnish? Is this creative? What the F I am hungry!! I had a bite of what I think was zuchini. It was almost like they were soaked in oil and steamed. I would have loved to have spotted and better yet tasted anywhere in anything we ordered some cilantro, some green onion, but no such luck! Again, I realize that a lot of people probably love this restaurant. Just putting my review out there to help those who have not been be aware of what kind of experience they might have. I would never go there again.