Completely deserving of the great reviews this place consistently garners. 
I met a couple of friends here not long ago. I had heard many great things about Barrio , but had never made it in. Obviously I had only seen pictures because I had no idea what it looked like on the outside. Being somewhat unfamiliar with the area, I accidentally passed it three times. After my third U-turn, I finally spotted it. 
Limited parking turns out to be in the rear. Same place where the pain was at trying to find this place for the first time. 
The interior is very interesting. There is alot of Dios De La Mujer going on which is very colorful images of dancing skeletons etc. 
The place was packed, although I was told that they were having a somewhat slower than normal evening. I sat in the front with my friends who were halfway through their cervezas. I was so hungry by this time I barely greeted them and started instead to greet the delicious ships and varied salsa in between us. Our server was there immediately with an offer for my beverage selection. Yes, I replied. 
We began with one of the specialties: The Guacamole Casero which was prepared table side using obviously the freshest of ingredients. The server explained that, when in season, fresh pomegranate is added for texture and sweetness. Today however, dried cranberries were used. Wonderful addition to the classic recipe. 
One of my friends ordered the Pato en Tamarindo (Seared Duck) and was very pleased. I forgot what the other friend ordered. Did I mention Cervezas? I chose the highly recommended Cochinita Pibil (12 hour slow roasted pork with achiote rojo & sour orange). It was incredible. I asked to sample the mole and found it's smokey dark chocolate flavor also complimented the meal. 
It turns out that the manager is an old friend of mine and we caught up on more than 20 years. For a list of who's moved, died or whatever, just ask the manager. He sent over a trio of high end tequila shots for us to sample along with another house favorite: freshly baked Churro with warm, sweet caramel resting on a mound of creamy vanilla bean ice cream. It was the perfect finish for a great dinner! 
Service, ambiance, and the food deserve 5 stars all around. Getting there for the first time- uh, not so much-but worth it in every way!