If you've spent any credible amount of time in Arizona (and particularly in the Phoenix area), Mexican cuisine is a not only a staple, but a way of life for gringos and non-gringos alike.  And for most of us, we get what essentially can be described as the "taco stand" variety.  Be it tacos, burritos, quesadillas, beans & rice, the usual suspects.  But if you look hard enough you'll find a few restauranteurs brave enough to go beyond the taco stand and explore the various cuisines unique to the different regions of Mexico.  Silvana Esparza is such a chef.  And given the chance, she'll open you up to what you never thought Mexican cuisine could be.

If you're coming here for the first time, do as I did and order the items on the menu that they make special note of.  For example, I got the Lowrider Margarita, their signature drink with 100% pure agave tequila, lime juice, salt, and an extra ingredient I couldn't quite put my finger on.  Opens up your taste buds right away.  For the appetizer, the Guacamole dip is a must.  And this isn't your grocery store guacamole dip nor like any guacamole you've had at a restaurant.  There's seven ingredients that they incorporate table side including (of all things) pomegranates.  Its a sweetness note that immediately sends this guacamole dip into a whole nother stratosphere versus other guacamole dips.  For the main course, I went with Chef Silvana's signature dish, the Chiles en Nogada.  Chicken, four different types of fruit, queso fresco, and a delicate cream sauce stuffed into a roasted poblano pepper.  Its got some kick to it, but not overly spicy at all.  But savory and decadent as can be as that cream sauce is phenomenal.  For dessert, we went with the Churros topped with caramel, vanilla ice cream, candied pecans, and strawberries.  The churros are soft, but crispy with just the right amount of cinnamon and the caramel paired perfectly with the surprisingly intense vanilla bean flavor of the ice cream.

So here's where it can get dicey.  The prices.  If you're used to paying cheap prices for regular Mexican fare, don't worry, you're not alone.  But this upscale food doesn't come cheap.  Total cost for all of my dishes including tip was about $70.  Some people I've gone with are pretty shell shocked sometimes.  Now that said, they have taco dishes as well as other more inexpensive items that won't break the bank.

But if you ask me, you'd be missing out if you go with a safer dish just to save some money.  You'll be missing out on what makes this restaurant an icon in the valley.  I've now been here 3 times and tonight was just as awesome as the last two.  The tacos, the moles, the tortas, as well as all the unique dishes that get their own category are worth the trip and the extra few bucks.  There are legions of awards and accolades Chef Silvana has to her credit over the years.  But my taste buds are what crowns this woman the queen of Mexican food in the valley.