The menu cover was right. "Comida chingona" is the only way to describe the cuisine here. Although I had a savory experience, the service was at times awkward. Was my server having a bad day? Hungover? Tired? I don't know, but he didn't make me feel comfortable. At one point he just left without letting me know someone else would be taking care of me. I was waiting for him to come back and he never did. Another man just started talking to me and I didn't even know he was my new server.

Anyway, let's not punish the food on behalf of my server's lack of professionalism. Yes, they served bread with tapenade instead of chips and salsa. So? I was actually happy to see something else being offered. Everyone can serve that, but tapenade? I've actually never had it before but have been meaning to try it. Now I know what it tastes like. Be open to try new things, even at a Mexican restaurant.

I ordered the corn chowder and chile en nogada for my meal. The chowder was probably the best thing out of this whole ordeal. It was sweet without being overbearing and it had a similar taste to a warm cup of cornmeal. I've had corn chowders before but this was different. The corn was definitely the distinguished guest. I didn't even care about the shrimp. It was that good.

I love chiles rellenos and have always wanted to try the other variation: chiles en nogada. Unfortunately I've had a tough time seeing them in menus until now. It took a while for it to be cooked, but the wait was worth it. Albeit, the chile itself is not spicy, the contents are sweet and fresh. Chicken combined with raisins and other fruit was a different spin to Mexican food. I'm all about spice and heat, and I liked the cooler aspect of this dish. The almond sauce is light and the pomegranates add tiny explosive bursts of flavor.

The side vegetables were good as well. I'll be honest though, this was the first time I've seen a Mexican restaurant serve mashed potatoes as a side dish. But hey, I'm open to new things! I loved the idea of having the horchata inside recycled Coke bottles. It was refreshing in both concept and flavor. I don't like too much sugar, and this horchata had the perfect sweetness to it. What I would do for some corn chowder and horchata from a Coke bottle...

I was REALLY tempted to try the churros filled with cajeta, but I didn't dare. I was extremely full. Thank you for the food, even though I had to put up with some messed up service to obtain in.