If authentic Mexican is what you want, this is not the place. It's more like Southwestern fusion inspired by classic Mexican dishes. 

I enjoyed the complimentary olive spread served with bread. The spread was fresh and packed with great salty olive flavor. It was more like Italian than Mexican, but delicious! 

The margarita with agave was well done (a bit sweeter and less tart, which suits my taste!).

The guacamole is freshly made table side but under-seasoned for my palate. The fresh pomegranate gave it an added texture and burst of flavor. The chips were  slightly thicker, crisp, crunchy, and fresh and not oily. Excellent! 

My friend and I ordered chiles de nogada and it had an interesting fruity/savory flavor, but even with walnuts, it lacked texture and was mushy. The poblano was overcooked. The side of pico de gallo and beans that came with the chiles en nogada were dry and overpowered with a cumin flavor.

The scallop/shrimp poblano dish was served with what seemed to be steamed thick cut zucchini that was bland.  The cheesy white sauce overpowered the fresh poblano flavor, which is usually my favorite part! 

The flan was very dense (on the dry side) and too sweet. The chocolate cake had a hint of cinnamon and was freshly made with a side of ice cream. It was good. Coffee was fresh and came in a French press. Nice touch. 

Overall, the food wasn't altogether bad and had some creative elements. The food definitely didn't satisfy my Mexican food cravings  developed from my childhood memories of eating the 'real deal' in South Tucson. 

I would go back with different expectations (Southwestern fusion vs authentic Mex) to try a few other dishes. So far, the only thing I'd repeat order is the guacamole and chips (loved the chips!)...oh, and I'd have a few margaritas on the rocks, too! Happy hour may be my next visit.

I don't mind paying more for something really special. They were a bit pricey at $21 per poblano dish. Overall, we spent $150 for two (including tip). 

I will end on a positive note. The vibe was hip and fun, and the service was prompt, friendly, homey, and not pretentious.