Home of the $200 Torta!

O.k., not really.  But I got your attention, didn't I?

While in Phoenix for the holidays I wanted to take my in-laws out to a traditional Mexican meal.  Such is Life has apparently closed, and it was always my staple when I wanted to take friends and relatives to an "accessible" meal that wasn't Macayo's, Garcia's or Carlos O'Briens (for the record, none of these place is Mexican...Tex-Mex, yes, and I love them all for that, but it's not the same and you know it).

So while searching for an authentic experience that didn't entail a day trip to visit La Roca in Nogales, I came across this little gem in Central Phoenix  What grabbed me on the menu was the entire section of tortas.  Now THIS is my kind of place!

To open we had guacamole (of course), and it was really flat.  There was no serrano, and I'm not sure if there was any jalepeño.  If I'd stopped here, they would get 1 star.  But they stayed in the game by bringing us two orders of Lobster Quesadillas.  This dish is creative, decadent and decidedly Mexican.  Bravo!

Since the in-laws had never experienced the majesty that is the torta, I thought we'd order four and split them so everyone could gain as much as exposure as possible.  We did the following:

Cochinita Pibil:  According to Robert Rodriguez, this is Johnny Depp's favorite ;).  Barrio Café's take on this venerable Central Mexican staple is solid, and I would definitely order it again.

Pollo y Jaiba: Wow!  A grilled chicken breast topped with lump crab meat, avocado, Oaxaca cheese and Hollandaise!  Absolutely classic, and exactly what I was hoping to share when I chose this restaurant.

del Barrio:  Essentialy a roasted Chile Relleno.  My least favorite, and yet it was just far enough outside the box so as to present a new experience while still maintining a sense of familiarity.

de Filetito: The belle of the ball.  This one is a sliced filet mignon, topped with chorizo, blue cheese & chipotle sauce.  Good God, this was amazing.  My father-in-law ate most of my quarter, so I only got 2 bites.  But these two bites, the last of my meal, were the best!

The tequila and beer selections were accommodating without being daunting (no one really needs a choice of 200 different tequilas, do they?).  The shortcomings are in the way of things totally unrelated to the food.  The service was dismissive and the ambiance was like the guacamole (flat, remember).  I'd really like to give them 4 stars, and as I'm looking forward to returning soon, they may just earn that 4th star in a follow-up.