I'm in utter disbelief of how bad this place was. With all of the amazing reviews I thought there was no way it could be bad. How on earth do they get such great reviews in AZ? There's so much better Mexican food here, even right down the street from Barrio. I will say the guacamole is great-super fresh but super awkward when your Henry Rollins look alike server is angrily smashing it together next to your table. Apparently he doesn't like that part of his job. Actually, it seemed like he pretty much hated his job, which may have ruined a lot of my experience. We ordered our guac & he asked if we wanted anything besides water-we told him we hadn't looked at the drink menu yet and he slams it back on the table and says "Guess I'll leave this here then"....sorry, Henry. I'm also the kind of person that says "thank you" throughout my meal...like when you fill my glass, bring my food, take my plate etc. Not once did he say "you're welcome". Such a douche. I did read in one other review that the servers treat you like you should be so lucky to be eating there. Definitely felt it. Anyway, got the Conchinita Pibil Tacos. Pork was dry and tortillas were soggy. You get 4 street tacos on corn tortillas and for some reason someone thinks its a good idea to dump salsa on them so they fall apart by the time they get to your table. Pair that with a side of Ore Ida steak fries and you have yourself a $13 dinner? Thank god I didn't spring for a pricier dish since I thought after the guacamole I'd be mostly full anyway. My boyfriend got the seafood Chile Relleno and said it was ok - for 21 bucks it should have been way better than ok - I don't eat seafood much so I didn't try it but I've seen him get more excited over a shrimp burrito from Señor Taco. To end the evening our server took 10 minutes to pick up our payment from our table, and blatantly ignored my boyfriend trying to get his attention. I took my leftovers in a to go box to be polite when the busser asked if I wanted them since I still had half a plate of food, but did not hesitate to throw them directly into the trash when I got home. I don't even normally write reviews, but I was so blown away by the vast difference between the reviews I'd read and my experience that I just had to. The only reason I'd ever return to this place would be for happy hour. Drinks and guacamole, yes. Dinner - never again.