I had been wanting to try this place for years, but living in chandler we don't make it up that way all too often.  Last week though my 13 year old had an ATV accident and was moved to phoenix children's hospital.  3 nights in, the bf and I were sooooo tired of the cafeteria food that we decided to duck out for a real dinner while the boy was sleeping.  A quick yelp search and I saw that Barrio Cafe was within walking distance!  Score!  So we headed out.  Now being from chandler, we were caught a little off guard as we approached the intersection of Thomas and 16th st.   We weren't in the suburbs anymore, that's for sure.  As we headed down 16th st. past the graffiti and storefronts with bars on the windows, we started wondering if we should have driven.  But then 50 ft ahead we saw the restaurant.  Yes!  We got there around 5:15 so it wasn't busy and we were seated immediately.  Cute place.  Small, charming, with a cute, but really small wood bar by the entrance.

Our waiter came by right away and recommended the Lowrider margarita so we each ordered one.  This is a very authentic tasting margarita.  Lots of tequila, a little bit of lime.  Very strong...but at $12 bucks a pop we each only needed one.  They brought out bread with an olive tapenade, I think.  Really good!  I knew I wanted to try their table side guacamole with the pomegranate seeds and I'm glad we did!  Very yummy!  Great chips too!  Our waiter made some great recommendations, but knowing we were already going to be almost full from bread and guacamole, we opted for tacos.  I had a combo order of the shrimp tacos and the halibut.  The bf got the tacos de carne asada.  Everything was fabulous!  You get 4 with each order and I had to discard the tortillas after two so I could finish them.  They come with either fries or salad.  We were confused about fries coming with tacos, but that's a Spanish thing I guess, so the bf got fries, I got salad.  Great little salad, but boy were those fries good!  They come with a chipotle ketchup and just taste great!

All in all, a great meal, and a great distraction from the stress of my son's accident.  I'd definitely like to go again and try something other than the tacos.  Btw....the boy is ok.  Recovering nicely!