I would give this 1 star, but the manager earned a star for how she handled the situation.  I had been excited to eat at Vida since I first saw the sign that it was opening in the Epicenter.  The decor was nice and roomy, but that's pretty much it.  I can't review the table-side guacamole because they never made mine at my table.  They just threw it on my table and walked off.  It was good though.  My waiter was rude and he got my order wrong (as in he brought me the wrong thing).  By the time I had sent back my food and got the correct item, I wasn't hungry anymore, so I got it to go.  The waiter never returned to give us our check so we had to go to the manager.  What infuriated me was that there were only two couples eating in the entire restaurant and my waiter had both.  We sat first.  The waiter came up and just asked us "whatcha ya want" while I heard him give this professional and pre-scripted greeting to the other couple offering them specials and explaining their unique drinks and their most popular foods.  When I asked about the menu I got "the highlighted stuff is the most popular" in an annoyed tone.  I couldn't help but wonder if it was because they were an older couple and we were younger (my god, I'm 30!) and he thought they would tip better.  After sitting for over 20 minutes waiting for him to return, I finally got the manager.  I asked if I could please have my food that I had ordered in a to-go box, my check, and explained the inadequacies of our waiter.  She did comp our meal, which I thought was very gracious of her considering we had not asked and the restaurant is rather expensive.  After we left, a bus boy came chasing after us and asked us to come back in because the manager had one more thing for us.  The manager also gave us a $20 gift card to come back.  I'll be honest, if I had not gotten the gift card, I would not go back.  Even with the gift card, I'm still hesitant to go back there.  But kudos to a good manager, and shame on you server.  And he wasn't some teenager either, he was in his 40's.