I gave Vida 5 stars because I really can't remember any bad experiences I have had here. It's in a great busy uptown location in the Epicenter and has a great patio. Their patio overlooks the busy intersection of Trade and College and if you sit outside on a nice day, you will definitely get lots of people-watching action. 

The inside decor of the restaurant is modern and fun, while the music is always upbeat but not too loud. I have sat in a booth and have also sat in the bar area as well as upstairs. If you have a choice, sit downstairs as there is not much going on upstairs. That area is mainly used for private events and opens up on the busier nights to overflow. Insider tip: Ladies, if you wear heels here, be very cautious! The weird tree-ring like floor and stairs that lead to the upper seating area are extremely slippery! Each time I wear heels in this place, I think I may cause a scene if I eat it.. but thankfully, I don't. 

I have enjoyed a couple cocktails here with dinner and I would have to say that the flavored margaritas are my favorite. I have had a regular margarita, as well as their famous "Skinny Margarita" and I still would go with a flavored variety, but that may be because I am not a huge tequila fan to begin with. Only downside of their liquor is that it is a little expensive. You will easily pay $10 for a specialty drink.. but when in uptown... 

When this place first opened I heard a few people comment that it was too expensive, but I really don't think that is the case. I think the drinks are expensive but the food is not. You could score an app for about $8 and an entree easily under $15 and they are a good size! So if you are on more of a budget, try their drink specials, grab a beer or just stick to their yummy food. 

My suggestions for food: You have to order the table side guacamole! It is made at the table for you if you sit in an area where those guacamole-making-carts can fit. They now offer 2 different sizes of guacamole, which is good because while on a date after they first opened, we were served guac made with like 4 avocados or something crazy! So make sure to specify that you want the small helping if you are only dining for two. 
Everything else I have had has been very delicious. The fare is new-Mexican style and tastes very fresh. Nothing tasted old or too heavy. I believe I have had certain types of tacos several times and enjoyed them each time. (I am usually too stuffed to go for a huge meal after all that guacamole and a drink or two.) I also have shared the quesadillas before and they were yum as well. 

The service at Vida has always been speedy and attentive. I know a couple people who work here and they seem to enjoy it. The staff is professional, friendly and helpful. I once projected an entire champagne flute-full of Prosecco across the bar (I may have had a couple drinks before that particular one as well...) and the bartender just smiled and helped me clean up my mess. Thanks for that! =) 

Parking is in the Epicenter garage (which is ridiculously expensive) and I am pretty sure that Vida cannot validate parking. If you live close enough to walk here, then do that. 

If you have family visiting and would like to make a nice day of the Epicenter or uptown, I would suggest picking this spot for a fun and enjoyable treat. This is also a good casual date spot! It is nice to have a fresh, new Mexican joint with delicious food so close to us that live in Uptown!