We visited Vida for the first time this past Saturday.  I made my reservations through OpenTable.com on Friday.  Saturday afternoon while I was at work, I received a voicemail from the restaurant asking that I call them back to confirm my reservation.  Naturally, I didn't get the message until 6:30 p.m.   I understand they want to ensure that they're not holding reservations for people who aren't going to show, but I like to use the online service so I don't *have* to call.  Otherwise, I'd just call to begin with, wouldn't I?

I never did call to confirm but we arrived 15 minutes ahead of our reservation time.  They still had our reservation and even seated us immediately!  We were very impressed.  

Someone brought us the traditional complimentary chips and salsa.  The salsa was delicious!  It had a unique flavor to it.  I think it may have been chargrilled?

I was happy to see that the menu items (drinks and entrees) were reasonably priced considering the restaurant's prime location in the Epicentre in Uptown Charlotte.  There were three different entrees that jumped out at and appealed to me (that's always a good sign for a restaurant!).  I opted for the Green Chile Brisket Tacos.   There were three tacos (more than plenty!).  Additionally, Vida offers you your choice of two side items.  I was very happy to see such unique choices on the side item menu.  Wanting to try something different, I chose the (1) ripe plantain and black bean mash and (2) grilled corn with queso fresco.  The corn was delicious; the mash was just okay.  It was a weird combination, and I think I should have just gotten one or the other by themselves.  

My partner ordered the one thing on the menu that first jumped out at me:  Tortilla Pie with Poblano Cream Sauce.   I was thinking about ordering that without the listed mushrooms.  It's a good thing I didn't, because it was basically ALL mushrooms and I would have been left with just a couple of sad-looking tortillas.  If you love mushrooms, *that's* the dish for you.  It was a tortilla with layer upon layer of mushroom filling topped with another tortilla and then smothered with melted cheese.   It looked good, but wasn't for the mushroom-hater in me.  

The service was great and we were in and out of there quickly, with a lot of extra time before the movie we were going to see.  The interior of the restaurant was nice, too.  It had a modern look to it; nothing "Mexican" about it.   I'd definitely return.