My Son and I stopped by to watch Anthony M try to finish the 3 lb Burger challenge......the Burger was actually 5+ lbs total weight!  (see pics)

We decided to order some food for ourselves as well.  I ordered the 1/2 lb Open Range Cheesburger ($11) w/Onion Rings ($2) & Loco Bueno Hot Wings ($10).  My Son ordered the 1 lb Big Daddy BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger ($16).  There were 11 people in our party, so I expected the service to be a little slow.

Our food came out in a reasonable amount of time.....the Burger was OK, not great.  The Hot Wings tasted pretty good, but the sauce was not hot enough for me.  I asked for the hottest sauce they had and it was called the Texas Double Pepper.....it had a small kick to it, but it really didn't do much for me.  My Son enjoyed his Big Daddy BBQ Burger....it was huge at 1 lb, but it was nothing compared to the 3 lb Challenge!

Anthony ordered his Burger at the same time we all ordered our food, but he didn't get his 3 lb Challenge Burger until we were all finished with our meals.  Keep that in mind if you want to do this challenge.....it will take 15-20 min longer for it to be ready vs other entrees.

When they delivered the challenge Burger, they rang bells, whooped & hollered and made a big deal.  The staff announces it to the restaurant and they count down to start the 30 minute time limit.  Everyone in the restaurant watches as you try to eat this monster.  They advertise it as 3 lbs, which is within range for a normal person.....but it weighs it at over 5 lbs once you add it the 12 pieces of Bacon, Whole Onion, Whole Tomato, 6 slices of Cheese, Bun, and Lettuce!  Crazy!  I give Anthony props for giving it a shot.....he finished 1/2 of the Burger, which is respectful.  The manager told us 150 people have tried it, but only 5 have completed the challenge.  While we were dining there was another challenger at the bar.....we heard he only finished 1/2 the Burger too.  It's a $36 Burger in case you want to give it a try.....

Overall, it was a pretty fun time hanging out with other Yelpers.  The food was just eh....OK.

Return Factor - 30%