I find myself in Vegas at least a handful of times a year, and as someone who likes to gamble (read: hemorrhage money) I certainly find myself looking to keep my overhead low when it comes to dining and entertainment. 

To this end, The Tequila Bar inside Bally's has proven a vital post for wagon-circling during long stretches of losses, as well as a cheap celebratory meal following a fortuitous full-court heave. 

In downtown Vegas and off-Strip, drink and meal deals for the gambler and non-gambler alike are fairly common. But mid-Strip (Bally's is at the heart of things at the corner of Flamingo and the Strip) value is almost a four-letter word. 

Tequila Bar counters this trend with thoroughly decent $1 tacos (hard or soft, chicken or steak) 24/7, small $1 margaritas, as well as a larger forget-your-troubles-gringo margarita featuring not uno, not tres, but cinco Cuervo shots in a souvenir glass.  

But if you're looking for dinner and a show, I recommend ordering the burger known as The Texas Challenge. Three pounds of Angus beef, a dozen strips of bacon, a half dozen slices of cheese, a whole tomato, a whole red onion, an iceberg lettuce wedge, a 1/3 pound of cole slaw, and an epic, custom-made bun about the size of a manhole cover. 

I ordered the $40 masterpiece, and the bartenders and managers made a huge fuss, telling the rest of the Friday night crowd at the restaurant that something big was in store. How big is the patty? Imagine a large pie crust filled solidly to the top with ground beef. Uncalled-for big. 

If I was able to finish the entire meal (which when plated took two hands and a hernia belt to lift) it would be on-the-house and I would receive my name on the wall as the first to ever polish it off. 

When it finally arrived so many diners' camera phones were going off they had to have a bartender act as a cowcatcher to part the crowd so they could deliver the burger to my seat at the bar. 

It was incredible. Just the biggest, most beautifully symmetrical thing I'd ever seen. It was like I was looking at a regular burger through a powerful telescope, except that it was right in front of me. 

I was able to successfully finish two-thirds of the mighty meal, and the manager said I had come as close as any of the brave souls who preceded me. He then shook my hand and bought me a beer. He was a hell of a guy. And it was a surprisingly delicious burger, all things considered. 

I would recommend Tequila Bar highly as a friendly, inexpensive place to eat and drink your cares away mid-Strip, meet a lot of single ladies late-night, or make a huge spectacle of yourself by eating a Sputnik-sized burger.  

Just remember: even in the casino kitchen, the house always wins.