Wow.  All I can say was TOTALLY DISAPPOINTING!!!  

I went in a large party of 12 and it was clear from the beginning we were going to have a problem.  We were seated at a table with only 9 seats and when we moved the next table over to make the extra spaces, the waiter quickly ran over and told us he needed those seats.  We mentioned our reservation was for 12 people, not 9, and he grudgingly backed off.  We asked before we ordered if it were possible to do several small checks since many of our party members only had debit cards, but the waiter refused saying the most he could do was split the table in half and do 2 checks.  He was CLEARLY not capable of handing a large party, or didn't care about his service since he would get his 18% gratuity anyway, but he couldn't even get who asked for WATER correctly.  I got a watery Arnold Palmer about 15 minutes after I ordered it, and my husband got a flat Long Island Iced Tea (after being brought a regular iced tea incorrectly).  The remainder of my group who had ordered cocktails said they were quite good, so we will give them that positive mark.  

After the insanity of ordering, which emphasized my concern the waiter couldn't handle the table of 12, a different waiter brought out the food in no particular order and began saying in spanish what the food was.  We had to go back to the menu and ask WHAT NUMBER the food was to figure out whose it was. The food did arrive very quickly which was its only positive factor IMHO.  I had seafood paella that looked fabulous, but tasted like something I could have made at home out of a box of rice-a-roni with a few crab legs and a lobster tail on top.  For $28.95 I was really expecting to be blown away. The consensus among the other party members was, eh ok, not terrible, not stellar.  

We were not offered dessert and the check was brought immediately after the table was cleared.  I definately felt we were being hurried out, though when it took the waiter nearly 20 minutes to bring back the change, I wasn't sure what the problem was.

Honestly for a $60 total for me and my husband, and what was well over a $300 bill with both checks combined, we should have had much better service, even if the food was just ok.  i do not recommend this place and the only reason it even gets a star at all was the assertions of my other group members their food was edible.