I have eaten at Blanco's about 6 times in the past year.  Generally the food is good, and there are some dishes that are better than others.  The chopped salad is very good, the Green chili Pork Enchiladas and very good, the chips, when warm are better than most, and I have had several Tacos' that are great.  I like the atmosphere, and the décor of the building.  It is a shame that J. Alexander's closed next door, as that take some energy and ambiance from Blanco's.  My chief complaint is the seating/reservations system (or lack there-of).  Generally, there are about 4 young ladies who stand around the hostess stand, taking names, seating people, etc.  It seems that there are about 2 too many.  There seems to be no-one in charge and looks very hap hazard.  Two visits ago, we called ahead to check the wait, and they told us they could take our name, and as we were 10 minutes away, it would only be about another 10 minute wait once we got there.  When we got there, it seemed our name was added then, and we waited 30 minutes.  We were made to feel that they were not honest with us.  We had dinner here over the weekend, and had another issue with getting seated.  We arrived and there was only one couple seated in the wait area.  We put our name in, and said first available.  We were told 10 minutes.  There were several open tables, both in and out.  We had requested not to sit at a tall table, as we had someone who could not do that.  There were 4 of us.  As we are sitting there, and it is now going on 20 minutes, we see a couple being seated at an outside table for four.  Then another couple who was seated at a high table.  Both couple came in after we did.  When I questioned the hostess about this, she told me that the couple seated outside had requested outside seating.  When I asked her why "first available" did not beat an outside request, she said she was sorry, but had seated them first.  She then found us a table to sit at.  I am not sure how long we would have waited, and how many people would have been seated had I not spoken with her.  It was just a poor start to a meal, and we had brought guests to experience the restaurant.   I have eaten at many other Fox concept restaurants and find them excellent experience.  Blanco is just not where it used to be, and with all the other choices for restaurants in Scottsdale, not the best choice anymore.