Went to dinner with a couple great friends this past Friday night. We read about Blanco in the 'Where, Scottsdale' magazine and in another random Scottsdale mag they have at the massive information booth at the spendy Fashion Square Mall (you can really get a shopping fix on there, but that's another review - with more stars too!). Shame on me, I should have used the Yelp app on my iPhone to read the reviews before we decided on that place because it was a pretty decent sized let down... I just mistakenly figured that any place that boasts 50 tequilas would have decent Mexican food. 

I have it in me but I'm not going to get all Mexican food preachy on you all but let's be real. This place is more Mexican inspired than traditional fare. 

Top line: 
1) Red wine sangria was marginal at best 
2) Guacamole bland (they don't ask for preference on spice and it isn't made table side) - chips were THICK! Salsa was Pace like - seemed like it was from a jar, not freshly made.
3) Ahi tacos were inedible with an ancho chile and pepper flavor that was overbearing to the point of a burnt taste - we actually didn't even eat three pieces of the tuna (each taco has maybe eight sushi sized slices of tuna on it). They were also a little rubber like, not the melt in your mouth grade tuna. 
4) The signature dish of beef rib enchiladas was probably the biggest let down - like the guacamole, just plain and bland in flavor. 
5) Not sure about the rice concoction, it was very creamy and buttery, almost Rice-A-Roni like.
6) Caramel flan was American style with a huge among of whip cream on top. Flan is one of my weaknesses and I only had two small bites... bla bla bla!!! Downright SAD! 

Lastly, it was a noisy place with little ambiance. 

The best thing about this place was the side of pintos (charro style) that came with the entrees and the chorizo & cheese crisp. Those alone wouldn't warrant a return trip. Sorry Blanco, our first encounter just didn't lead me to want to see you again... No hard feelings, really - staff was pleasant, valet was efficient, food was just not great amigo!