I would have loved to give Blanco 5 stars for the quality and taste of food, but there were some complications regarding the service that we received. 

My friend stressed to the waiter that she has a bad dairy allergy. Originally, her entree would have consisted of three tacos, a plate of beans, and rice, but she asked for 1) tacos without dairy products; 2) black beans; and 3) no rice (because of butter) but extra beans. 

There were several things wrong with how her food arrived. 1) Her tacos came with cream fresco that was hidden under the meat. She ate one, not knowing that it was hidden, and felt absolutely nauseous and was unable to eat anything else. 2) She asked for no rice, but her entree came with it anyway. 3) She ordered black beans but received another kind of beans (possibly pinto?). 4) She did not receive the extra beans she asked for. It was careless how they handled my friend's food, especially given her allergy. She was nice enough to refrain from pointing out the mistake regarding the buttered rice and the beans.

When we told the waiter about the cream fresco on the taco, he seemed unapologetic, and barely checked up on us throughout our meal. The waiter's response to the various mistakes associated with my friend's order was that he would make two more tacos for her, this time without sour cream. The two small tacos took such a long time to make that I finished my entire meal before she received hers. She asked for a to-go instead. 

Update on the to-go order that was put in: Blanco put cheese and cream fresco on the tacos they sent her home with. 

Honestly, it might have been just a bad day at Blanco, and I might consider checking it out again for the food, because the food itself was delicious. However, the service was so off-putting that we got out of the restaurant in a hurry, and it was even more disappointing that they would put dairy products in her to-go box. 

Bottom line: A restaurant that does not care for the health concerns of their customers is not a restaurant that can be trusted.