This place absolutely sucks, only reason I gave it one star is because they won't allow a post without a rating. 

Customer Service is horrible. My wife and I went on vacation to visit family in AZ. Our last day out there we look for an El Torito, that no longer exist and stumbled upon this place. We walk in and are immediately seated, this is the only good thing about the place. We have 3 servers go by us in a matter of 20 minutes before our server is with us to take our drink order.

This place is a step away from a pig sty, flies everywhere. Not your one of two insignificant miscreants that's at your family bbq, i mean a swarm of flies crawling everywhere. We were brought chips and salsa, the salsa was bland, they could have brought out a jar of Pace Picante and I would have been happier eating that. We ordered guacamole and a quesadilla for appetizers. The guac was bland, no flavor, taste like pure oily avocado, like a little salt would not have hurt. After we waited 10 mins on our appetizers, our drinks still haven't arrived. They came shortly after, when we had to ask for saucers for our appetizers; which 2 out of 5 were dirty. I didn't eat the quesadilla and the guac was left unfinished. By this time I was beyond livid, with the lack of service and no one around to seemingly care, I was debating walking out faster than we had walked in.

The entire time there were two managers who did everything but manage; from daps and high fives at the bar, to holding our server up while sitting at a table less than 8 feet away from ours. The whole visit was just horrendous, I absolutely advise any and everyone not to eat at this place. I eventually got fed up of waiting and walked over to the table where BOTH MANAGERS AND OUR SERVER were having a conversation and explained that our party would be leaving and the reasons why. The manager seemed as if he completely feigned interest, didn't seem quite worried about keeping us there or working to please these people who have been neglected. Needless to say the mgr comp'd the food and we left.

I thanked both managers for the attempt at pleasing us but we prefer to go elsewhere. Worst experience ever, the place is nice, very easy on the eyes, staff is unhelpful, customer doesn't matter, just the potential tip they'd earn; which in my opinion is all the more reason to be attentive. 

We went to StingRay Sushi, much better place to spend our last day of vacation.