My first visit to Blanco was one that I will remember for awhile. I'll begin by saying that the food was good. I had the machaca beef tacos and a margarita. The beef was very flavorful with just the right amount of spicy kick to it, and the margarita (I had the frozen variety) was decent too. That being said, it was rather pricey ($11) for two tacos, rice and beans. I've had better for a LOT less.

Now, I must shift my review from food to the atmosphere. I've got a story to tell, but please note that this story in no way reflects the quality of the restaurant or my feelings about returning. I just want to share the hilarity of my evening and to give you an entertaining reason to visit Blanco.

We all have preconceived notions about Scottsdale. I tend to stereotype the people that live and play in this part of town as snobby, snotty, stuck-up, and whatever other "s" word you can think of. Of course not everyone that lives or frequents Scottsdale is like that. However, the night my friend and I visited Blanco, that stereotypical Scottsdale crowd was in full effect. 

I'm not sure if Blanco has a dress code for women, but it seemed like this Saturday night it was a requirement to wear as short a skirt or dress as possible, along with crazy high heels.  Oh, and it appeared there was a height and weight limit too -- nothing over 100 but taller than 6'. Maybe there was a model convention in town or something.

I have nothing against looking hot. In fact, I think I hold my own. I just was amazed at the amount of skin that was exposed in one restaurant. Being from the rather less cool NoPho area(and even less cool because I used that dumb abbreviation), I guess I didn't get the memo that this was the required look now.

The eye candy was entertaining to say the least, but I digress.  There was even more fun-filled antics to come. My friend and I were seated next to the bar and about 1/3 of the way into our meal, three 40-something guys were seated behind us.  They were drunk and annoying. I had my back to them, but my ears were tuning in to their conversation, and I heard comments like, "Oh, she's a six." "Yeah, for sure, a six." "Oh, does she have a snaggletooth?" Then there were the expletives,  the redundant "dudes" and the constant references to going to Vegas. Oh, and did I mention that my friend, who was facing them, was in full view of their overtly ogling of every miniskirt, tight-jean wearing chick that walked past them. 

But that wasn't all. No, the "dudes" weren't quite happy enough with their caveman-like behavior. After they finished their meal, the middle guy I like to call King Douche asked the bartender if he could have the chef come out. Oh, boy, I thought, this is going to be good. Out comes the chef, who seemed nervous and annoyed at the same time.  King Douche began to rave about the food in an inebriated and slightly incoherent rant. Although I couldn't hear everything King Douche was saying, I think he said something about the food being really good.... but... then went on to criticize almost everything he ate, telling the chef something about having too much of this ingredient here and not enough here, and that he has been a restaurant manager, and it's important to hear the good with the bad, and on an on.  The poor chef stood there kind of dumbstruck.  I honestly don't think he knew how to respond.  He kindly thanked them for eating there and suggested they come back again. 

I'm so glad that I wasn't facing these schmucks because I wouldn't have been able to keep from expressing my disgust and amusement. Instead, I just laughed with my friend while cursing their insipid behavior.  In the end, and despite all the young wannabe glamor girls and midlife crisis greasy creeps, it was a memorable dinner at Blanco.  I will likely give the place another try. But next time I'll come prepared to watch the antics with a little popcorn and candy.