Oh, Mad Mex.  How I always want to like you, and always walk away going, "Oh yeah, I remember that."

I lived two blocks down from Mad Mex for a good bit of college, so it was inevitable that we ended up here our fair share of times.  However, very rarely did our food-ordering go past chips and salsa, and each time I try to have food here, I realize why: I just don't like Tex-Mex or Cali-Mex or whatever sort of not-the-real-deal-Mexican food Mad Mex is.

That said, they do make a good margarita, and they do run a lot of specials.  The Oakland location has half-price menu items each evening after 11 (much, but not all of the menu qualifies for this), and two happy hours for cheap booze, including half-price Big Azz Margaritas (those are the 22-ouncers that often made for early bedtimes during college).

The drink happy hours and the food happy hours never coincide, but you can get your cheap drinks  from 4:30 - 6:30 (cheap wings at this point, too) or 9-11 each night, and if you stick around until after 11, you can get the half-price food menu.  Some times of the day are 21+, so you can have some margaritas and take advantage of the less-full restaurant before 11, then put in your food order once you've started drink round #2.

On our most recent visit, I tried to figure out what it is precisely that I don't like about their food, and I think it's the consistency of their tortillas.  They are a little doughy and thicker than what I'm used to.  Their fillings for quesadillas, burritos, and tacos just don't stick together like real Mexican food.

There are some things on the menu that truly are good, however.  Their waffle fries are seasoned quite well, and their chocolate dessert burrito is sinfully yummy.  At Thanksgiving time, the Gobbleritos (a burrito stuffed with all the fixins: turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy, and corn) are quite good.  But past that, the food is only average.

The Oakland location, as many others have pointed out, gets quite crowded during peak times.  The service is chancey, and sometimes you get a great waitress, and sometimes one who could care less.  However, the musical selections playing throughout the restaurant are almost always awesome, so I've always liked that bit of the atmosphere.

One final point, the bathrooms are rather sketchy.  Back when I lived down the street, I always preferred to just walk to my apartment when needed.  The Mad Mex bathroom just doesn't seem clean.  And don't have so many margaritas that you forget if you should go in the door marked with a nut or a bolt ;)

Overall, if you're looking for a margarita and some chips, Mad Mex is okay.  But if you're craving Mexican food, this is not the place.  Although, after a Big Azz Margarita or two, you may very well not notice :)