With a Big Burrito gift card in tow (yay Christmas presents!), we headed over to Mad Mex on a Friday evening, around 6:30 pm.  Parking was pretty bad for Pittsburgh - we've never been to this part of Oakland before and it was just tiny, crowded streets, and students smoking on their porches while discussing drunken escapades.  Not the nicest neighborhood.

Inside, it was packed.  We anticipated a long wait, but actually were seated immediately - the noisy crowd wasn't there for dinner, just happy hour and cheap margaritas.  Apparently you get a table only if you are really eating a meal, which I have to say I appreciated.  The room was dark and noisy, but the noise level become much more manageable as happy hour ended and the drunk students left.  Much improved.

Our server informed us there were only a few minutes left of happy hour, so we managed to squeeze in a quick order of margaritas in order to get the discounted price.  $5 for their medium size (happy hour only) was a pretty good deal.  I had whatever their featured margarita was - frozen, with three different fruit flavors.  It was very tasty, gave me a light buzz, and didn't taste of mix.  Would've appreciated more than a "light buzz," if you know what I mean, but for $5 it was a deal.

We ordered chips and salsa, which are unfortunately not free as they usually are at Mexican restaurants, but you did get a few fun salsa choices - we settled on roasted tomato chipotle.  I think it cost $3.  I liked the smoky chipotle flavor - but I still think it ought to be free.  It always seems greedy to me when restaurants charge for things that are traditionally free, like bread, or chips/salsa.  

For my entree, I got one of the specials, which the server said was a great choice - the Jerk Pork and Fried Banana Tacos.  I have to admit, they were pretty tasty.  Pork was well-seasoned, bananas were delish (but I would've liked more of them!), but HOLY CRAP those tacos were hot.  And I love spicy food, truly spicy food.  But this - there were these whole slices of hot peppers.  I bit into one once, and couldn't taste anything for 10 minutes, it felt like my mouth was shaking.  Spicy tacos are one thing, but so hot that you can't even enjoy the meal?  I had to pick the peppers out, for my poor tongue's sake.  Rice and beans on the side were bland, which would have been annoying but ended up not bothering me given my temporary taco-mouth-death.

I know my boyfriend liked his chicken chimi, and I get the impression the food here is pretty good, and they do have some cool options.  But this location was so loud and collegey, I'm not sure I'd return.  I'd try a different location though, to seek better ambiance.  But you won't catch me paying for chips and salsa again - stingy ol' Mad Mex!