This is a very typical Mexican place.  Not upscale, buy not Taco Bell either.  Many things are likely from a can, the quality is minimal, the fat content is high but so is the flavor.  Macayo's is ideal for when you want some chips and various Tex Mex dips, tacos, burritos, chimichangas, etc.
Our first trip to Macayo's was on a friends recommendation.  He had some margarita beverage-ware (silly looking clay cups with either a Mexican man or woman's torso with a cup on the head).  If you bring this cup with you, margarita refills are hella cheap.($3-4)  The service was fairly bad.  It was an hour before closing, yet the bartender's (male, did not introduce himself) actions made it pretty clear that he couldn't be bothered with us and was ready to go home.   He made assumptions (don't give me a frozen margarita just because I am a girl and then look put off when I insist on having it on the rocks) and skimped on every aspect of service.  Nevertheless, we had queso on the brain and were determined to stay and make the best of it.
We had a trio of dips including spinach queso, chile queso, and beans for just under $10.  It was just what was needed and expected.
I had vegetarian fajitas and was thrilled with zucchini, squash, broccoli, peppers, and mushrooms, but not so thrilled that more than half of my total veggies were onions.  
The boys were all happy with their various tacos, nachos, and burritos.  Rob recommends the beef burrito.  For some reason, 2 of our friends decided to WAY over tip even though the service was hesitant at best.  Maybe next time this guy will remember us and be more attentive?
My return trip several weeks later was much better!  Michelle being behind the bar brought happy, prompt service.  She clarified all of our orders---yes, I would like that on the rocks:) smiled, was well-informed on menu items, and had a general sense of pride in her job.  
We repeated the tasty-fattening trio of dips and I remembered to order my  veggie fajitas sans onions.  Success!
I can't give it more than 3 stars due to:
Lack of ambiance and music(we played our own Pandora the first time)
Low quality of ingredients, especially the pink/white tomatoes and iceberg lettuce.
However, I will be back because sometimes you just need some crappy delicious Tex Mex and a margarita.
 



Happy hour $3.99 margarita $1.89 dips.
Less than 5 for taquitos, chicken fingers, wings, mini-chimichangas.  
$2-3 beer