I've driven by this place many times and my husband and I finally decided to give it a shot. From the outside, it looks like you would get a classic "Mexican Food" experience. We had high hopes.

OMG, were we completely wrong! While Las Vegas doesn't have many great Mexican restaurants, this place was definitely bottom of the barrel. One star is being generous and that star is only due to the waitstaff who were friendly and attentive.

The food, however, is another story entirely. The chips were fine but that's not saying much since it really takes a concerted effort to screw up something as simple as a tortilla chip. I find that the quality of a Mexican restaurant can almost always be immediately determined by the quality of the salsa. I was optimistic when our chips were served with not one, but TWO different tyes of salsa. Sadly, my hopes quickly turned to profound disappointment. One "salsa" tasted like the blandest, generic jar of salsa one can find in the grocery store. The other can only be described as glorified enchilada sauce. Seriously, who eats enchilada sauce with their tortilla chips?

Our entrees were an even bigger disappointment. My husband and I both ordered salads from the lunch special menu. I ordered the BBQ Chicken Chipotle chopped salad and was stunned when an industrial sized cauldron of "food" was placed in front of me. My $10 salad consisted of a few small strips of over-salted chicken with barbecue sauce atop a pile of lettuce cut into chunks big enough to choke a cow. I did occasionally see evidence of tomatoes, beans, corn and a few other ingredients that were listed on the menu description. However, these other ingredients were so difficult to locate amongst the ridiculous amount of lettuce that I would have probably had better luck trying to find a leprechaun or unicorn. 

My husband's salad was Macayo's version of a tostada salad with chicken. Once again, a ridiculous amount of iceberg lettuce mix from a bag, at most a Tablespoon of canned pinto beans at the bottom, and the same bland, over-salted chicken breast that I received. We both ordered our food with no cheese but were shocked by how little else was served. If I had to summarize both of our meals in one word, it would be BLAND.

Using fresh, high quality ingredients and made to order menu items prepared by a chef who cares is the key to great food. Why is this most basic concept lost on this restaurant? Macayo's has a lot of potential in terms of location, ambience and friendly staff. If they find a way to improve the quality of their food, there is no doubt that their business success would increase exponentially.