I will absolutely never go here again after my visit this week.

On Monday, a friend and I sat at the downstairs bar to enjoy a few drinks. A few hours and $400 later, we decided we would come back for the 4th of July to enjoy the fireworks on the strip and take advantage of the $20 all you can drink draft beers.

I first arrived with my brother, and we decided to get a table on the upstairs patio and wait for the rest of our friends to join us. When we told the hostess we wanted the $20 all you can drink she did NOT say that it was only from 9-12, and neither did the sign. No big deal, I checked in on foursquare and got the 2-for-1 drink special card.

When I presented this card to the bartender (after sitting at a table and being ignored by the waitress for over 20 mins...) she gave us the equivalent of ONE beer in two small plastic cups. That is not a 2 for one deal..thats just splitting the beer. Fine...whatever. 

When my friends joined we asked the waitress to sit us at a large table with couches so we can enjoy dinner. She said we had to order from the bar. We asked why and she said "cuz you are sitting on that side." What? I explained we did not have a tab, we had more people coming and we wanted to order full meals. She then proceeded to say the table was only for 6 or more people..then said just wait 5 minutes. We waited, and she seated us at the table we requested... (dont really know what the fuss was all about)

The food itself was pretty good, a bit over priced but thats what you get on the strip.

It then took us an HOUR after receiving our meals to get the waitress' attention to order more drinks. There were only about 8 other tables, its not that hard to make sure you are serving your customers!!

She comes to take our drink orders, and completely forgets my brothers drink, walking away before we could even say something. At this point, my friend who was footing the bill was fed up and went to the bar with cash to get my bro a beer.  After waiting about 10 minutes to get the bartenders attention, she proceeded to actually scream at him saying she only does wrist bands and cannot take cash and walked away. She was yelling so loud that I heard her over the live band and turned around to see what was going on. Since when is it ok to yell at customers and treat them like crap?! Especially when more than half your pay comes from tips!!! 

We promptly left after that and like I said, never will return again. There are plenty of people here, myself included, that are looking for work yet these idiots that dont seem to understand they are in a SERVICE industry have jobs. Go figure!!!