BIGGEST WASTE OF $90 EVER!!!  While in Vegas on a recent anniversary trip with the hubby, he spotted Diablo's Cantina with a big ol' devil woman in a bra and panties on the roof, complete with a pitchfork in her hand.  Needless to say, he automatically started begging me to go there with him before we left....besides probably liking the whole "bad girl" motif going on, he is ADDICTED to Mexican food.  Or, at Diablo's Cantina, I should say food POSING as Mexican food.  

I honestly really didn't want to go there.....I'll admit it.  To me, it looked super touristy and cheesy and I just knew that there were sooooo many other places to eat in Vegas, many of them very good.  But, it was our anniversary trip and I wanted to make him happy, so I agreed to go.  BIG MISTAKE #1.

We grabbed a taxi down there and walked in, saw there wasn't a crowd in the front entrance, so thought "cool....shouldn't be a wait".  Which was a good thing because we were both really hungry.  Talked to the hostess and she said there would be a 20 minute wait.  UGH.  By that time though I didn't really know where to try to go instead, it was 105+ degrees out, I was wearing heels....not feeling the whole trekking thing....so we decided to stay.  BIG MISTAKE #2.

After waiting for 20 minutes we finally got a table and, by this time, I was so hungry that I figured no matter what the food was like I was bound to enjoy eating it.  BIG MISTAKE #3.  We ordered the guacamole and chips as an appetizer, a couple of drinks, and our meals.  I ordered the Spiced Grilled Shrimp and my hubby ordered the Tequila Baby Back Ribs...neither of which is your usual "Cantina" food.  Our guacamole and drinks came right away....the guacamole was ok and they gave us a lot of it, which was cool.  I also liked that they didn't take it away when they brought our main courses out.  This would prove to be a very valuable thing considering....

When my food arrived the first thing I noticed was that the portion seemed tiny.  My plate consisted of a little pile of greenish colored rice, a thin slice of crispy garlic bread and two short skewers holding 3 shrimp each.  Hmm.  In any case, I dug into the shrimp and they were really good.  Awesome flavor, and they were nice and meaty.  When I started on the rice, however, things went terribly wrong.  In that first bite, I literally thought that I CRACKED A FRIGGIN' TOOTH....on some RICE.  WTF??  My first thought was that maybe that was just a little slightly undercooked rice that came from the edge of the pot but, sadly, no.  The entire serving of rice was so crunchy and hard (not to mention devoid of flavor) that it was literally inedible.  One wouldn't think it would be too easy to ruin rice, but apparently you can.  The little sliver of garlic bread looked like it would be just as hard, but it was actually pretty decent....just very small.  So there I am sitting there.....have eaten everything I could off of my plate and am still SO hungry.  I honestly felt like I'd just eaten an appetizer....a little sample of something.  I ended up nabbing a couple onion rings off hubby's plate and ate a bit more of the guacamole.  I was honestly just trying to get somewhat full because we had a show to go to and I didn't want to be sitting there with a growling tummy.  And, to top it off, I had to just sit there while my husband finished his ribs because he had SO much more food than me.

When our leggy, model-looking waitress (they all looked like this, so good eye candy) came to pick up our plates and ask us how things were I mentioned that my shrimp was ok but that I wasn't able to eat the rice at all because it was so undercooked.  She kinda blinked at me blankly and said "ohhhh...ok.....I'll let the cook know"....and that was it.  No sorry, no let me take a few bucks off the bill, nada.  I was sorely disappointed with that...I felt it showed a BIG lack in customer service.  

When we got the bill for $90 for THAT, I felt MAJORLY ripped off.  I would be willing to spend $90+ any day for a great dinner in Vegas, but not for a terrible one.  Overall, please do yourself a favor and just skip this place.  We honestly should have...