I and my hubby went out on a date and I chose to come here.  We are locals and because of construction, we found it a little difficult to get to the parking area.  Once we did, we walked through the casino and arrived at Diablos around 12p on a Friday night.  Figured that the place would be full of people. 
Once we got to the door, security asked for our ID's.  They seemed very bored.  Diablo's Cantina has two levels.  The top level is where they have a band playing and a full bar. Downstairs is the dining area with a full bar as well.  Both up and downstairs have a nice open view of the strip.  We decided to eat first.  The waitress looked the part, she was all tatted up and very sweet.  We ordered an appetizer: Traditional Queso Fundido, which was to die for.  I ordered the: Chicken/Steak Combo Fajitas, which was freshly made and delicious. The portion size can feed two people, so i took a doggy bag with me.  My husband got: The Chicken Torta, which he enjoyed.  I ordered a cocktail, which was Green Door, it was okay.  My husband ordered his usual whisky and ginger ale and got a freaking tiny glass full of ice, barely anything in it. Then he ordered a corona. Just like the security guards - WE - WERE - BORED!!!  We went upstairs to listen to the band, which was rocking!!! Didn't suck at all! BUT No one was there.  There was only 2 girls dancing in front, which were probably groupies or girlfriends. I was hoping to make it a full night, instead we finished our drinks and jet! We left around 2am. 

So overall, the food was great.  Our check came out to about $90, overpriced!!! The drinks could have been better. The atmosphere was there but only full with crickets. This place looks awesome if you're driving by it but BEWARE, looks can be deceiving. After this, we went to a small bar near Freemont, which was fully packed!! Exactly what i was looking for!!! 

Sorry Diablo's Cantina - you guys gotta step up your game!! Find a way to bring people in, especially on nights that you have a band playing!  For this reason I'm giving you 2 stars. Very disappointing!!