I came in for lunch with two girlfriends while staying at the Monte Carlo - we were starving and Diablo's looked pretty cool from the outside.  

I ordered a shrimp salad which literally had exactly 3 shrimp sliced in half lengthwise then flipped over (cut side facing down) to appear to be 6 shrimp.  That, however,  is the least of my complaints.

One of the girls ordered tacos and asked for Tapatio. You know, a bottle of Tapatio.  She received a side of 3 salsas.  When she pointed out that this wasn't what she wanted the waitress told her they didn't have any and walked away.... adding a $6 charge for the salsas she delivered.

My other friend ordered a hamburger.  It didn't come with mayo so she asked for some.  The waitress brought a small side of mayo... adding a $3 charge to the bill.  (Notice a pattern here?)

About halfway through the burger my friend wasn't looking so hot. She said it tasted funny.  In an instant there she goes running to the ladies room to vomit it back up...  She came back to the table  practically green.

We reported this to our waitress who obviously didn't care at all or apologize - she simply rolled her eyes, took the burger away and dropped off the bill. After noticing that we had still been charged for the burger in addition to the $6 salsa charge and $3 mayo charge we asked to speak with a manager. 

The manager approached our table with attitude and before we could even tell him that the burger made me friend sick he said that he already knew and he "tasted her burger and it tasted fine to me - maybe she threw up because of alcohol."  I explained that we hadn't started drinking yet - it was only lunch time. When I brought up the charges for condiments. (Seriously?! THREE DOLLARS FOR MAYONNAISE?!) I told him "I've never been charged for condiments at a restau-" he interupted me and said, "Well, we do."  I told him they should at least tell people instead of just bringing it out then adding it to the bill.  He snipped back "Oh, well I guess you expect me to comp the whole bill then?"  

I wasn't going to argue with that.  "Yes, that would be great.  Thank you."  We threw down some cash for the tip only and walked out. 

I'd give them a zero rating if I could. The food made one of us sick, they charge for everything to pad the bill, and the manager that I dealt with was a rude prick. I wouldn't go there again if they paid me.