WATCHING THE UFC HERE IS A NIGHTMARE!  Since the UFC has a monopoly within Vegas, there are limited venues which show the fights.  Diablos is one of four places on the strip which I found to show it.  Diablos charges $25 per person to watch and this is significantly less than the other places I found which hovered around $70 per person.
First, the space reserved for the fight is limited to the upper patio.  They allow 350 people and that amount of people feels very cramped.  There are not nearly enough seats so you will most likely be standing.  Even standing you will constantly be pushed around.  While the restaurant is quite large and kept pretty cool compared to outside, the patio is really hot.  I am still amazed that 350 can fit in that space.
Second, getting service is near impossible.  There were about 3 bartenders and 2 cocktail girls for everyone there.  Also, the drinks were so watered down that it wasn't even worth ordering one.  
Eventually I got so fed up with the situation of waiting for a drink that I went down to the main restaurant level and ordered down there.  Drinks were still completely watered down, but service was significantly better.  This is how I continued to order through the rest of the fights:  walking down stairs ordering, then bringing my drink up.  I think that the restaurant would try to make their guests a bit more comfortable, but it does not seem to be a priority for the fights.
Finally, I'm happy that I got to see the UFC fights and that I was so close to the MGM which were holding the event.  Several fighters were there as well and that was exciting to see.  If I did not get to enjoy these two things I would not come here.  There are much better restaurants in Vegas and I hate paying for a glass full of mixers with a thimble full of alcohol. 
It is my understanding that the Station Casinos show the fights and have an ownership interest in the UFC.  If I am ever in LV for the fights in the future, I am going to try to view them at the Station Casino because Diablos is not able to offer a comfortable viewing environment.