This is going to be long but it must be said.

Have I got something to say about this place. I just got back from Vegas yesterday for celebrating my 21st birthday. I had picked this restaurant out as a place to celebrate my birthday with my friends. We got free drink passes out on the strip so it seemed meant to be! We got there and the hostess told us it would be a 45 minute to an hour wait. She said we could go upstairs to the bar and wait if we wanted to, and handed us one of those little vibrating things that tells you when it's your time to get a table.

Keep in mind, we get there when the sun is fully blazin'.

We go upstairs and have a great view of the strip, it was awesome.  We're drinking, having a good time. It starts to get dark and I think to myself, "Wow, it has to be an hour now.." So my friend goes down and asks how much longer. They say 30 minutes. Okay. We still wait. It's been at LEAST 2 hours. I am a little sad about this. My other friend goes down there to speak with the manager. Apparently another hostess and the manager tells her that he doesn't believe we've been waiting 2 hours and that we're full of it. ARE YOU SERIOUS? 

They finally sit us (we're all completely drunk, this explaining HOW LONG we've waited) and the hostess I've never even spoken to gives me shit in a snotty tone, "Is this good enough for you." Excuse me? I keep my calm. We all sit and I let her know in a polite tone that I chose this place for my 21st birthday and I am bummed out that we were treated like this, as if we are lying. We saw people sit down, eat, leave, sit down, eat, leave upstairs. It just wasn't fair. She feels the need to tell me that smoking is not allowed inside the restaurant because I have my pack in my hand. NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Please take your snotty ass attitude out the door.

All in all, the food was good. Our waiter was a very nice gentleman and our food and drinks ended up being free, on the house. I wonder how that became? I thought we apparently were the people in the wrong? Oh, thats right! Maybe it's because they lost the list with our name on it? Yeah, give me a break Diablo's. You knew you were in the wrong.