In the working class areas of Phoenix, one can spy a small Mexican eatery every hundred yards. A tortillera here, a taqueria there...blindfold me and send me to Maryvale, my stomach will lead my feet to menudo in mere minutes. 

But here on 67th & Bell, they don't seem too keen on ubiquitous Latin fare. This is middle class, soccer mom territory, and for the most part the locals seem satisfied sustaining themselves on Chipotle. But what if they dare venture to another part of town? Certainly, their curiosity must make them hungry for something slightly more authentic.

Well with Caramba's in town, they must not feel like they have to. This place is a parody of every obscure "bertos" I've stumbled into on an empty stomach. The music is all in Spanish, and there's some good ol' futbol on TV. The cashier was eager to explain away any menu item, as if the usual clientele couldn't tell their chilaquiles from an enchilada. Jajaja.  

Anyways, I ordered the fundido, because I figured their specialty was more...Tex Mex. It wasn't too appealing, essentially a fried burrito topped with generous amounts of an interesting cream cheese sauce. I washed it down with a fountain drink, but then I spied a sign...they charge a quarter for refills. That's not much at all, but not even Taco Bell does that--why should they? 

Out of defiance, I tossed my cup and just ordered a margarita. $3.25 seemed like a steal, I was excited to have one with my breakfast. I didn't mind it coming out of a fountain, but it was incredibly strong! Stronger than any margarita I've had in a restaurant. But, it was still worth it.

Apparently, their specialty is the cheese crisp, the more complex of them branded "Mexican pizza". I saw some being ordered, and I wasn't the slightest bit impressed, especially with tortillas that tasted like they came from the Fry's next door.

Personally, I don't think Carambas deserves the popularity it has. The food is middle-of-the-road, and their prices the same amount as a dozen places you could eat breakfast across the value. Nothing special about their salsas or tortillas, which is alarming enough. However, it was very clean, the staff was swift and polite, and they have adult beverages. It's okay for a nice, quiet breakfast.