I went to Chevy's the other night with a friend for drinks and dinner. I hadn't been there in about 10 years and remember it not being that great before. However, this time, the food was very good. I ordered some kinda of alcoholic punch which was delicious and refreshing along with a flauta enchilada combo, refried beans, rice, and tamalito. The flauta's were golden brown, crispy, and the filling was tasty. But what made them even better was the jalapeno jelly served with them. When the flauta's were gone, I found myself searching for something else on my plate to put jalapeno jelly on. The salsa chicken enchilada was terrific with a great filling, tender, moist chicken, and the sauce on top, though not like other enchilada sauces Ive tasted, was very delicious. The refried beans were surprisingly very good as well. I also was in heaven with the tamalito (Scoop of sweet corn masa?). I have a weight loss book that specifically states not to eat the tamalito from Chevys as it will kill you but I just don't see how its possible to go there and not eat it. Its just that good that I will risk whatever curse falls upon me for eating it. Lastly, their chips and salsa were some of the better ones from a Mexican Restaurant. The salsa was really cold which is what I like actually and had a good amount of spice and the chips were light and crispy, another thing I like. 
So there you have it, the food was pretty good, however, the service kinda sucked. The girl that was waiting on us was terrible. She acted put off when she arrived with chips and we told her we were waiting for another table in back of us to be cleaned and we were moving. Then our drinks took forever to come out. And the concluding factor that she was a terrible waitress was when she came over, asked the table next to us how their food was (we had our food too), then leaves without even asking us anything. WTF? Oh and then we asked her about a coupon when she brought the bill and shocker! she didn't know sh** about that either. Needless to say, this is where I had to drop Chevy's from the 4 stars I so wanted to give them to 3. Boooo to you crappy waitress.
One final word of advise: This is not true Mexican food, its more like texmex. However, if you like just plain out good tasty food without considering the authenticity, you will like Chevy's. If you are prissy and must have authentic true Mexican food, then you probably shouldn't go here.