I'm an adventurous restaurant goer and savor the thrill of a new find, so when my Mom's friend (whose credibility was heightened by herself being Mexican) said you've got to try Popo's we drove the 20 miles with open minds and hungry stomachs.  We knew it wasn't going to look like the Taj Mahal from the outside so no disappointment there when it appeared inconspiculously on the west end of a tiny strip mall.  However, when we went inside it was truly a pleasant surprise.  We were instantly intercepted by two friendly hostesses who gave us friendly smiles and pleasant hellos.  Then we looked around and saw the place was really well designed.  Beautiful interior, flat-screen TV's all over the place (bonus), beautiful tile floors and just a generally well-kept appearance.  I bolted for the men's room before being seated (after all, it was a long drive) and for those of you who have eaten at a lot of Mexican restaurants know the restroom is not always highly anticipated.  It was immaculate, had a granite countertop and hands-free everything.  Another bonus.  We sat down to the usual greeting of chips and salsa and our table of three unanimously agreed the chips were delicious and thin and crispy and the salsa was fresh-tasting, flavorful and with just enough heat to let you know you're alive.  I ordered the seafood enchiladas and was decidedly disappointed.  It wasn't bad, it just lacked a certain richness that makes a dish like that really sing.  My Mom got a chile relleno and taco---my parents are both relleno fans---and again something was missing.  It seemed like the batter was not prominent enough and thus lacked full flavor.  The taco, however, was killer.  The machaca beef was delicious and the shell was appropriatley greasy, lending to a nice hardy bite.  My Dad ordered a beef tamale which came nicely stuffed (lots of places you can't find the filling) but it was dry and lacked any real flavor.  He also had a cheese enchilada which was decent.  I must comment that my Mom makes THE BEST Spanish rice you'll ever eat and so we're constantly surprised at how much of an afterthought rice is at Mexican restaurants.  Not so at Popo's.  While it's not as good as dear old Mom's, it was the best I've had out at a restaurant.  Why?  It had flavor!  I tasted garlic and crushed tomato that to me makes it so good.  The beans were also excellent and flavorful.  Service was friendly and attentive.  I don't think I'll drive out of my way to go back but I would certainly eat there again and try different dishes.