So this restaurant has provided me with a story I am sure I will tell over dinner with new friends for the rest of my life.  so, now it is your turn to hear it...

I walk into Mariscos Sinaloa on a Wednesday afternoon.  I'm busy.  On this side of town and I whip out my Yelp app to see if I've book marked a place to eat in the area.  Yep, I was a mere few feet from this place.  So, I pull my car into teh parking lot and go in for a quick meal.

I order shrimp chipotle and a michalada.  I ALWAYS have the michalada.  So, I'm sitting at my table waiting patiently for my food whilst I read messages on my cell phone.  Suddenly, out of no where I hear a crash and then I instantly feel COLD.  WET and COLD.  Oh yes, a waitress walking by spills an entire tray of waters and beer on me.  I was in complete shock!  Total SHOCK.  I said nothing for what may have seemed like FOREVER as everyone in the resto GASPED to see what my reaction might be.  I quickly check to see if my phone was drenched, it wasn't.  I take a moment to think... did they mess up my nicely coiffed hair?  no, it wasn't... So then I look up and FINALLY break my silence and I tell the waitress..... "Ok, so I guess I"ll be taking my food to go".  They fuss over me and ask if I was ok or hurt and I say no, as I wasn't.  I wasn't even embarrassed by it.  So, I just simply move to the other chair across the table and I reached down and continued to sip on the michalada as I waited for my food.  They comp'ed my order, naturally.  And as I was leaving, the waitress apologized again and I said, "Accidents happen, NO WORRIES!  I'll be back next week"  And so, I did go back the next week with my mom.  For me, this water experience has little to do with the rating.  I enjoyed the shrimp chipotle ALOT, except the shrimp seemed to be overcooked.

My mom and I went there on a Sunday.  Packed house.  Oh and the people saying the music is loud in there, are NOT over-exaggerating.  The music was fairly loud.  It comes from a paid juke box, so it won't be like that all the time.

I had the camarones diabla and my mom had the molacajete.  neither of us were crazy about our own dishes.  However, we both liked the other's.  The camarrones diabla was the spiciest that I've ever had any place EVER.  My mother likes spicier food than I and she loved it.  I, on the other hand enjoyed the milder flavor of the molacajete.  But all the meat was  a little over cooked to me.  

All in all, I don't think I'll be running back here.  there's another Mexican Seafood Restaurant that's not too far from there that I like much better than this.  If you are in the area, you may like to try it out.