Gallo Blanco was super close to me, and I would go there a few times a week. I loved the food, and I was so sad when I closed down. It's taken me awhile to try the new place, and I was pretty skeptical after seeing the abysmal reviews on Yelp. I've ended up going 3 times before posting this review. Initially, I thought people were being a little unfair on this place, and I stand by that, although each visit was so different that I can understand why people might blast this place.

Yes, it's trying to fill the void of Gallo. Yes, there are a lot of similarities between the new menu and the old Gallo menu. The same staff work here, but the decor is different. The outdoor patio area is bigger, and it looks like there's a private banquet area with its own little patio attached to the restaurant. The servers wear uniforms now.

We started with chips and salsa and some drinks. I had a boring rum and diet so I can't comment on their cocktails, although I will say my drink was strong. Beer was fine. The prices for drinks are a little higher, and I guess there wasn't a happy hour, but now there is? Not sure what time or what deals they run during that time.

Chips and salsa were reminiscent of Gallo - a red one, a green one, and some pico de gallo, but this place gave us a creamy avocado one, too. The red salsa, if you want to compare it to Gallo, was a little less spicy and a little less refined in terms of flavor. The green one, again compared to Gallo, was a little spicier and a little more tart. Pico de gallo is pico de gallo. The creamy avocado salsa was nice. Chips are the same. Objectively, I think the chips and salsa were good.

Husband had a burger. He said it tasted just like the cheeseburger from Gallo. He asked for medium rare but it came medium well, maybe well done. The fries were nice. I had a fish taco, which featured rockfish, and a carne asada taco. I think there's more protein in the new place's tacos. The carne asada was cooked differently so it was actually a bit more tender - maybe due to the fact that it was shredded and not chopped up like Gallo. I liked the rockfish taco a lot. It wasn't like Gallo's fish taco, but it was good.

Ended up going there again and the carne asada taco was super chewy. It was seasoned pretty well but the meat was just too tough. The fish taco was still pretty good. On a third visit, the carne asada was better, but not as good as the first time around. Food being inconsistent isn't good, but I'm glad it got a little better instead of progressively worse.

For people complaining about the service - well, in my honest opinion, the service was on the bad side at Gallo. It was SO SLOW - took forever to place an order. Food would come out quickly, but if you wanted a refill on a nonalcoholic beverage, or even if you wanted a second cocktail, it took awhile to grab someone's attention. It also took a long time to get the check and have it processed. I honestly think it's about the same now. The restaurant wasn't dirty when I went in, so I can't really comment on that like others have mentioned.

So overall, I think it's pretty good food. I like that it's close to where I live. Service is OK. It's got a nice ambiance. The prices aren't fantastic, but it isn't highway robbery, either. It's tough saying goodbye to Gallo because it really was outstanding, but I think Cafe Tranquilo is pretty good. If you haven't been, I think it's worth a try - just come with an open mind.