***Chain Alert***
This place is a chain, but it is a decent meal.  Yes, it is slightly over priced and the food isn't the greatest.  The atmosphere is a cross between Rubios and Joe's Crab Shack and the service is compareable as well.

I ordered the Fried Whitefish Tacos (see pics) and I got a little chips and salsa from the salsa bar. Here's how the meal panned out:

The tacos were Great!  The baja sauce was not the typical white sauce.  It looked more like "Fry Sauce" (if you're from Utah) but it tasted great.  I mixed it with a tablespoon of their Red Hot Sauce.  The beans were unmashed pintos which i prefer over everything except whole black beans. They were decent nothing great I mixed in a bit of pico de gallo to flavor them up a bit. The rice was horrid.  I hate to say it, but you know those grains of rice that aren't cooked?  The hard ones that break your teeth from the outside in? Yeah. Those were randomly encountered during consumption.  Not a pleasant experience. The portions were small but I didn't complain because the tacos were actually pretty good! They were crispy and you could tell they were battered and fried to order. Surprising!

The salsa bar was mediocre.  The Red Hot sauce was more vinigarry (word?) than deliciously hot, and the Pico De Gallo was made from canned tomatoes.  The chips were so old that by the time I got to them they were broken shards of their former selves. Pity, I was looking for a good chip pig out.

The service was very good.  The first waitress told me to seat myself and to come up and order at my convenience.  When I did, another waitress took my order promptly.  The wait wasn't long, it was about 5 minutes from ordering to receiving my food.  The tables were quickly cleaned and everyone seemed happy (the customers and the employees)  It was a very comfortable and pleasant setting.

Overall, this restaurant has the 'Meh' effect.  I didn't hate it, but I don't think I'd be back.

Constructive Criticism:
1. Add some order to the ordering process.  I was a little confused on where (and when) to order
2. Get rid of the stuffed animal order numbers.  Something about greasy food and fluffy animals says more of "bacteria" than it does "uniqueness"