Flipped between 2- and 3-stars at least 6-7 times when writing this review... Located in an old Burger King building on Monona Drive, the blue outside hints at the oceany goodness that awaits inside. Dined on a Friday night at around 7:30pm with a  few friends.

+ Plenty of seating options; most are 3- and 4-top tables
+ Friendly servers
+ Complimentary tostadas and crackers with a nice sized-bowl of whitefish ceviche (also complimentary). Whitefish ceviche was really tasty.
+ Decent beer options
- Margaritas, even when upgraded to premium tequila, have a fake/syrupy base

+ Huge (and I mean HUGE) menu, very heavy on seafood options - lots of shrimp, scallop, and fish choices
- Very few, if any, vegetarian options
+ Reasonable prices

After a fair amount of debate, discussion, and bargaining amongst our small group, we decided to order a large variety and share amongst ourselves.

+ Asada tacos: stellar. Truly stellar. Seared, seasoned, and generously portioned. Really, really good. I'd go back just for these in a heartbeat.
... Shrimp ceviche tostada: average. A ton of food (shrimp, onion, tomato, cilantro, lime) crammed onto the tostada, but it left me wanting a little more
+ Guacamole: outstanding. Some of the finest guac I've had in the area
- Fish tacos: they weren't what we were expecting; picture an empanada-like thing with some fish inside, and then completely deep-fried. It was super greasy - like dripping greasy.
- Scallops were tough and overcooked; also light on seasoning
- Cheese quesadilla: vegetarians take note; the vegetarian items seem to be made in the same area/vessel/fryer as everything else. The quesadilla tasted a lot like my asada tacos - guessing they were cooked side-by-side. The fries that accompanied the tacos tasted more like fish than fries. The black beans are made with lard as well. Just a FYI.

All-in-all, I'd go back, but I'd steer clear of the seafood items and go for the more traditional Mexican fare. I saw a table that had ordered fajitas and they looked divine.