If you read the reviews to this place, you'd think the town of Maricopa had split personality.  People give it ones, others give it fours.  What's up?  

Well, you have to understand Maricopa, which is not a huge town, and which is separated from the next closest area with multiple restaurant choices by a long stretch of road.    Therefore, people here are happy to have restaurant choices period.  Some folks would give McDonalds four stars just for having their doors OPEN.  

I think that is all that may be keeping this restaurant from financial disaster.  

Contrary to the experience of others, our service was good.  The waiter checked on  us often, and was nice enough to explain items on the menu.  He was knowledgeable about the product he was serving, as well.

The queso was good.  It was a large plate of queso, as well.  The chips were nothing special.  I would guess probably bulk buys from Sam's club.  The Salsa, again, probably bought in bulk.  Nothing amazing there.

Then the meals came.  I ordered a chimichanga, my husband a burrito.  We got the same thing.  Neither were fried, the wrapper on mine was nearly completely uncooked.  I ended up taking the meat out of the middle and just eating that.  The meat in mine was tasteless.  The red sauce was bland...  The beans were very good, but that was hard to enjoy when the rice was bland, with no seasoning whatsover.  Spanish rice should have cilantro, seasonings, ...kick!  This stuff was lying there quite dead.

My husband ordered white rice.  It came filled with carrots, peas, and other vegetables.  Clearly not just white rice.  This is not explained on the menu.

We ordered dessert--fried ice cream.  They were out of ice cream.  How can you be out of that with two grocery stores within your line of vision?  It was explained you have to buy from "approved sources" when you are a restaurant.  This is such bull that it isn't even worth dignifying with an answer.  

Of course, we went to Dairy Queen afterwards for ice cream, and they didn't have any vanilla ice cream.  Have you ever heard of a DQ without ice cream?  Again, welcome to Maricopa...