I'm kind of a one-trick pony when it comes to anything southwestern. Let's be honest: I am norcal at heart, and I'm sure all my reviews reflect this in one way or another, so let's not kid ourselves and think that America's Taco Shop isn't going to be compared at least once to Pescado's (now called something else, I'm afraid), in Sactown.  

However, my one-tricks were all satisfied in one quick dash here for lunch today. I already had a hunch that it would be pretty good, because I do like american urbanized mexicanesque food. I had to park down the street (past the no parking signs on Campbell) because the lot was full. The smell of meat and tortillas did permeate the corner - much nicer than what I usually smell on my daily walk around the nearby canal and Chinese Buffet. Inside, a familiar sound - Mana's album Amor es Combatir was playing over the sound system. White alternagirl heaven! I even found myself lip syncing along to Labios Compartidos (thank you to Cadet Beltran for your beautiful stories of Mexico City and introducing me to the only band in Spanish that I have in my collection). But all of this is probably irrelevant to you, the food seeker.  I had the Vampiro and a carne asada taco. Why the Vampiro? Because I wanted to say Vampiro.  And it was good. I liked that the tortillas used on the taco are soft corn and not deep fried in any way. I agree with other writers, however, that 7.88 for lunch left me hungry (next time I won't get the 1.50 canned soda). Taco Tuesday brings you 4 tacos for 6.75 and that might be the way to go: the tacos are small.  I don't usually order Carne Asada anywhere because I prefer shredded chicken when possible. Red meat being the only option, however, seems a good idea because they can concentrate on what they do well: shredded meat, seasoned and crisped satisfactorily. I will be back because it's a 3 minute drive from work It would be a 20 minute walk but I only have a 30 minute lunch. Maybe I better start taking hour long lunches so I can walk off some of the red meat. I'll be sure to put Mana in the playlist when I do so.

And not a single reference to Pescado's, or anything else Norcal, for that matter. Please don't tell me that Phoenix is starting to grow on me.