"The Best Thing To Come Out Of Mexico Since Salma Hayek" Ehh, I don't know..but it is a solid 3 stars!

Mercadito is a fairly new Mexican restaurant located inside the Red Rock Casino. Inside is pretty unique as they've got some street style art hanging up, but it has a very classy, modern look and feel. It's not very big and when we came on a Saturday night around 8pm, it was packed. Maybe it wasn't the best idea to come at that time, but they had the music blaring so loud that it was more like a nightclub. I'm just not a huge fan of having to scream at someone a foot away from me.

On the menu, you'll find a lot of classic Mexican dishes, tacos and even some small, tapas style plates. They've got a pretty extensive tequila list, as well as signature cocktails. One of the coolest things about their menu is they offer several variations of house made salsas, guacamole and ceviche. We ended up ordering the salsa tasting which includes chips and 3 salsas of your choice, for only $3.50. Out of the 3 we chose, the roja was my least favorite as it just didn't have the bold flavor like the other 2 we got, tomatillo and chipotle. The tomatillo was perfect...salty, sweet and just the right amount of heat, and the chipotle had an amazing smoky taste without being too overpowering.

For my dinner, I ordered the ceviche and while it was good, I feel like I just can't find an awesome ceviche in town. The citrus flavor was pretty spot on but with the addition of pineapple, it was a little sweeter than I like. None of the salsas that we had complimented it enough to give it the spicy kick I was looking for. In the pictures, it looks like a small plate but there's a ton of good sized, juicy shrimp in there and it's served with 2 big tostadas, which I wasn't a huge fan of. They had a real soft texture and I ended up using the chips for my ceviche more. We also ordered their take on mac & cheese, which is pretty strange but tasty. The manchego cheese flavor is really intense and I like the spiciness but throwing corn in there was weird, and threw the texture off.

As far as the service goes, they've got a lot to work on. Several times throughout the night, we were sitting with an empty glasses and had to flag someone down for a refill. One of the managers was just standing around chit-chatting with employees for the entire time we were there and the service just wasn't great. I might as well add that they don't serve regular iced tea here as well either. Since the prices are a bit on the higher side I won't be rushing back, but I enjoyed the food and there's enough "ooh" and "aah" items on the menu to get me back in the door, eventually.