I am still learning my way around Ballantyne.  Just discovered some restaurants across the way, I didn't know we had a Mexican restaurant over there!  

SERVICE:  Not so great... My waiter acted like he was paranoid, or on crack. I'd be just about to ask him for something and he'd disappear. He basically zoomed by and didn't ask if I needed anything (when I did).  Also, came behind me, grabbed my glass for a refill like a ghost.  Also, kept the change from a $20- like he just assumed AND he overcharged me $1.05 for my fresh guacamole.
  
ATMOSPHERE:  Very festive, Mexican cantina looking décor.  Large restaurant you could get lost in.   I was flying solo for lunch around 1pm... The place was a ghost town. No one was at the front to greet me so another guest and I had to hunt someone down.    

CLEANLINESS:  I didn't see the bathroom.  That's usually my barometer on how clean the kitchen is. FYI: If the bathroom is dirty, I'm walking out.  The hostess sat me near the kitchen. The restaurant itself was clean, but the floors were really dirty in the kitchen, which was in clear view from my seat.  There was a lemon under a table at the entrance of the kitchen that looked like it had been there since construction, but I give them a pass... just because everything else looked clean. 

FOOD: They have a regular and then a gourmet menu, which looks interesting- pineapple and mango stuff... but I like my traditional favorites and it's hard for me to step out.   

The menu was missing the typical a la carte items you normally see in Mexican restaurants.  I ordered the Burrito Deluxe because I like the regular old beef burrito with red sauce on top like most Mexican restaurants serve, but I also like a little lettuce, guacamole, and tomatoes, so I normally order a side guacamole salad.  I didn't see guacamole salad on the menu, so the burrito deluxe looked like it would be sort of like that.

I was disappointed that the food wasn't what I expected... I don't like beans and rice in my burrito. There was hardly any beef and basically no red sauce.  Boooo!   
The salsa was on the hot side and chunkier than I typically like, but seemed fresh and had a good flavor.  It has chunks of onion and jalapeno. The chips were warm and crispy.  I asked for mild salsa, which looked different from the original salsa they bring.  It was finer and not chunky.  It was luke warm and not the greatest flavor. 

They were advertising Guacamole Fresca, so I ordered that. I asked how much and the waitress across the room said $4.95.  A waitress came by and made it fresh before my food came out.  She mashed up avocado (which still had the sticker on it; not a big deal, but come on now!) into a bowl of premixed, fresh ingredients (onion, tomato, cilantro, and I assume salt).  They charged me $6 for it, BTW.  It was the best part of my meal and enough for 2-4 people, so I had it packed up to go. 

The busboy walked by as I was putting away the leftover guacomole and was kind enough to ask me if I'd like some chips to-go since my server didn't have the courtesy to ask... and he was off smoking crack somewhere.  LOL.  

PRICES: It was a pretty expensive lunch because I ordered the fresh guacamole, but that was the highlight of the lunch.  In general, though, the prices are comparable to any other Mexican restaurant in the area.  

FINAL CONCLUSION: All in all, I'd give it another try.  Maybe I caught them on a bad day.  The food showed signs of better things on the menu.