I absolutely love the interior of Maria Maria. Upon entry, I'm instantly relaxed, especially when they dim the lights 'round 7:30 p.m. 

There's a picture hanging near the hostess table that i wish I could snatch off the wall and run away with. I love it! If you see it, it's the picture of a guitar etched upon the back of a female. Lovely!

But, what about the grub? Well...

First trip here, I sat in the bar area. I ordered their Baked Cheese with chicken, ham and chrizo. It came with warm, thin tortillas. A bit too greasy for me - some would say I should have expected this - but I thought, over all, that it was good. It sat in my belly like a rock, though.

My second trip here, my friends and I sat in a "mini lounge" area under one of the huge plasma screens. It was a comfy space that begged to be occupied on an early Friday evening. We each ordered a drink. Sangria for two. Sangria blanco for one. Four Peaks Sunbru for me. 

Then all 4 of us split the seafood guacamole. Oh yum. If you order anything of the menu, this is a must. The lump jumbo crab meat with shrimp is heavenly. I could have eaten just the warm seafood that comes on top of the guac. In fact, we did ask for just a side of that. Unfortunately, when the check came, we were charged for 2 orders of seafood guac. So, basically we were charged $28 for seafood guac with extra seafood. Go figure. (If I had known, I wouldn't have ordered it on the side.) Three salsas, chips and the seafood guac was hearty enough to satisfy us. For kicks, one friend ordered the plantains. I had a nibble. It was good, though I'm no fan of the creamy white stuff on top. Icky.

As for drinks, the Sunbru was just okay. They do have a pretty good drink menu, though. Between beers and wines, I'd be set here any day of the week. They offer 2 different Viogners by the glass! They do have plenty of mixed "specialty" drinks for those who like their hard liquors. 

If you like coffee, they serve that too. When asked what super strong java they had given me, I was told it was from the brand "Mr. Espresso." And here I thought I may be drinking authentic coffee, for it sure packed a super strong punch!

I have to say that while I really, really, really dig the decor and atmosphere, the food has, for two times in a row, made my tummy a little bit upset. I can't put my finger on why it would, but it makes me a little concerned to go back. I think if I do, I'll order the Spinach Mango Salad with Grilled Shrimp, with almonds and raisins. For $13, it better be great! 

If you're at Tempe Marketplace, check this place out. My friends and I ended up sitting around and chatting for a few hours. Our server was very nice, though towards the end, he got slammed with other patrons and neglected us a bit. It was understandable, since we were basically only there to nosh and drink. 

*drum roll*
Maria Maria gets...
4 stars for atmosphere and decor. 
4 stars for service.
2 stars for food that makes my tummy a tad upset.
2 stars for the live music that night. It didn't seem to fit the motif. 

For a final score of 3 stars, which is a typical "It's worth checking out but don't expect to be blown away" rating. I really wish I could rate this place higher. I want to! But...I just can't.