I had read several reviews on Yelp (mostly negative) and a few on Trip Advisor (mostly positive), so I couldn't make heads or tails of this place. I decided the only way to know what it's like is to go and eat there myself.

I had a few friends and my girlfriend join me. This was my first time in the building as I had never had gone to the former Teakwoods Bar. My first impression was this place is fairly big! The restaurant has the typical "Mexican" decor and features a sit-at bar with a few seats. The patio area isn't ready yet, but with all the mosquitoes in Maricopa right now it wasn't a big deal to not eat outside in perfect weather. 

As for their menu, it is expansive and not expensive. Sounds silly, but I always gauge a Mexican restaurant's menu on whether they have flautas in order to determine how inclusive it is (not every place has them!). The prices are reasonable, although I would argue the drinks are about $1-$2 costlier than what I'd expect to pay in Chandler. That's understandable for a family chain new to a small town. 

I ordered a chicken chimichanga (flour tortillas were a plus because too much ground corn kills my stomach) and my girl got a ground beef burrito. My chicken was well seasoned and the tortilla was mainly crispy but a little on the soggy side from the chicken jus or globs of avocado/sour cream. Mostly everything tasted fine, with the arroz being the star of the plate. The beans were slightly runny but tasted fine. The food did NOT taste like a reheat by any means. Despite not being on the menu, we were able to order some queso dip. The queso blanco came looking more like runny soup, so we asked the waiter to return it. He brought us another, thicker queso dip and comped the item. The taste was OK. The consistency still looked like something from a XXX movie, gross. 

I suggest ordering their Vallarta margarita (orange). Pro-tip: You probably have to ask for blended as everything except the colodas was on the rocks. I drank... a few of those and tried a mojito as well. The mojito was OK and fortunately not too ginny or anything. My friends said the pina colodas tasted virgin to them, but they also drink a lot so I'd leave it up to you to confirm that. The waiter ended up bringing me the wrong drink at one point, so he hooked us up with the leftover mojito they made me earlier and left the (free) Vallarta they accidentally made me.

The service was a bit slow, but contrary to other reviews the waiters and servers were very polite and earned their tips. Overall, I enjoyed Plaza Bonita and plan on returning. Although I'd prefer the taste of Tacos N More better, it's nice to have a sit-down style Mexican Restaurant closer to where I live in Rancho El Dorado. Wish this place would get their website, menu, and hours of operations up. LOVE that they have plenty of TV's.