The Friday after Thanksgiving we needed to have something other than Turkey. Mexican sounded awesome. The reviews for Gallo Blanco sounded equally awesome.  So, we jumped in the car and made the 20 minute drive from Glendale. 

The menu looked as good as described on Yelp. It was 10:20 and we had each picked an appetizer and a main course.  This was going to be an expensive breakfast/lunch.

The waitress came over to ask if we knew what we wanted to order.  She acted like we were inconveniencing her. The restaurant only had 3 or 4 tables so I wrote the attitude off to the fact she was having to work the day after Thanksgiving. 

We began by ordering two of the Yelper's recommended appetizers. The waitress immediately scowled and said they were only serving breakfast (which consisted of less than ten items and none of the highly rated appetizers). Since this completely screwed up our order, we asked for some more time. She said, "Why don't I get your drink order.". We ordered two teas. (Except for the fact it said "Breakfast served all day" on the menu, there was nothing to indicate when any of the other items on the menu would be available.)

She came back and told us we could only choose from the breakfast items. They did not serve anything else for forty more minutes. 

A little customer service would have been nice. How about, "We are really sorry but we are a small restaurant and haven't finished the preparation of the other items. If you want to order (enter suggestion here) I will put in your order for lunch as soon as possible"

Really, try a little. Act like you care. 

After briefly contemplating just walking out my wife and I ordered from the limited breakfast menu.  

She ordered the Chile Quiles and I ordered the Chorizo and Eggs.  

While we waited and enjoyed the excellent tea, we were bothered by flies.  Fortunately, the table next to us received their food order and the flies went over to their table.  

Despite the rocky start, the food arrived and it was very good. In fact, it was excellent.  The hot sauce and green sauce were fantastic. 

I can only give three stars because of the total lack of customer service during the initial and, in my mind, crucial ordering stage.    Also, the flies were kind of gross.  

The food was four stars.  I will try this place again.  But only after 11:00 a.m.