UPDATE March 22, 2013: Scrumptious burrito, kinda greasy but yummy. They seem to have new people every time I come in including the chef, but whoever helps is very nice. I'll bump this review to 3 stars for now.

Late March addition: Late night scrumptious. WIN. The steak and chorizo breakfast burrito is heavy and delicious! Grab a variety of sauces.
-------------------------------------
I gave two tries for a chile relleno burrito at Super Burrito. One was last week when I heard about the change in ownership, the next was last night. The first, there was only a strip of green chile, no batter or cheese, there was a little pico I think, and then it was half-stuffed with lettuce and it was STILL a thin burrito. Last night I told them about this, and they made sure they did it to their standard. Ingredients were better represented, but BARELY so. Also while I was at the counter, a guy returned his styro-packaged dish with a complaint in spanish I didn't quite understand and grimmace. I won't get a relleno burrito from there again. 
Fiesta Burrito does that one RIGHT. Big green chiles and ample cheese.
You get TWO rellenos at Fiesta.
SB gives one and lots of lettuce.

The main redeeming factors for Super Burrito is that they're open 24 hours, and the selection of salsas and hot sauces from the bottle are BOMBERIFFIC!!! The dark red salsa is smokey red. Try the varieties of bottled sauces from the tub. You've had Cholula and Tapatio and maybe El Yucateco habanero sauce, but try some of the other small bottle dark orange sauces you've never seen before. My mouth is watering now just thinking of them. I wrote the brands on a napkin, but I can't remember them. You'll see. You can dump some in a to-go Solo container, feel free.
They also have the traditional thin Berto's red sauce up front.

Super Burrito has become the girlfriend that is losing interest in you by not caring as much. However at 3AM you tolerate the mediocre sex cuz she's always ready for you. However lately that's REALLY a good thing to have something ready for you that will satisfy.