I had tried to come down here on Labor Day, but they were closed.  I drove back to SD tonight and this was right off the freeway on my way home.  I decided to stop in and get some tacos before my long drive.

I walked in and placed my order for 4 tacos.  2 of them in corn and 2 of them in flour.  They only have carne asada here so it makes your choice simple lol.  $7.50 and I went to the salsa bar.  This is where it was a bit meh.  This salsa bar was depleted!  There was no cabbage, minimal hot sauce (I had to turn the container at an angle just to scoop out a little bit) etc.  I mean, I did get enough stuff to put on the tacos, but it would have been nice to have it fully stocked.  Anyways.........a few minutes later, the lady bought out my tacos.  I took them outside and dug in.  Here is how they were..........

Carne Asada Tacos-  They were decent.  They serve them to you as plain as can be.  Tortilla and meat.  That is it.  You dress them yourself.  I put a little pico, a little hot sauce and a little avocado sauce on my tacos.  The meat was definitely tender.  It wasn't bursting with flavor but it was definitely seasoned ok.  The best part of the taco was the tortilla though.   I have had better carne asada, but these tortillas are top shelf. Both the corn and flour were awesome!  (So far in AZ, I have had the best homemade tortillas...better than SD.  The stuff that goes IN the tortillas is way better in SD, but the actual tortilla...Phoenix wins so far)  The tacos were a little small but they did fill my stomach for a few hours at least.  Service was friendly.  The lady working the counter was nice and when I went inside to throw away my trash, the cook/owner? thanked me for coming in and gave me a big smile.  I'm down with that!   Great customer service!

Will I be back?  Maybe.  If I was at a Dbacks game or something and was craving carne asada tacos, I would know where to go.  Would I drive here from my house in Surprise?  Highly unlikely.  They are exactly what 3 stars is.......... A-OK.