Ah Paco's, I was really excited to try your tequila soaked spot. Too bad I came for lunch and didn't get a chance to indulge in a big mamma jamma margarita, but that's for next time. Onto my lunch experience...

I met a great business contact here and we enjoyed a tasty lunch. What we did not enjoy was great service - something I have come to expect from a Frank Scibelli restaurant. No, no one was outright rude or mean, our server was just kind of a dud of sorts. I don't know if he was having a bad day or just needs more training but it wasn't great. 

First, the food...
I ordered the Chicken Enchiladas and they were tasty. They were topped with a creamy queso and a bit of sour cream mixture. The chicken was tender and I enjoyed the two enchiladas. The refried beans were standard as was the rice. My only gripe? I wish it had a little more spice - in all components. The flavor of the chicken and the dish as a whole would be much elevated with a little kick. 

The service...sorry for the long, drawn out info...
Our server was just kind of absent - he wasn't engaging, didn't help much with recommendations and he also forgot a few things that my dining companion asked for on the side, one being chopped jalapenos. When my dining companion asked for fresh, chopped jalapenos on the side our server looked at her and blankly said, "I don't think we have any fresh jalapenos." Really, that's odd...we both thought. Then she said, well I'd appreciate any jalapenos please. Once our food came out, no jalapenos. So we politely asked the runner for the same request, and fresh chopped jalapenos came out in seconds. Ok....

And then the bill. So, it was my fault for not digging into the bill pad, but our sever did indeed give me the bill as I requested, on one check. There was a bit of confusion as I requested a copy of the full bill, and I didn't see one in the check pad, etc. Regardless, it was in there and that's my fault for not digging, but after the manager brought me a copy of the bill and reconciled (my) error the server said, "You need to tell my manager it's ok, because otherwise you're going to get me in trouble." Hmm. Nice. I happily told the manager there was not problem and it was my misunderstanding, I was chatting with my business contact, didn't notice, etc. I apologized but I thought it was pretty rude for the server to go there, if you know what I mean.

So, long story short, the food was good and I definitely want to come back and give it another go but I hope that server's having a better day and if not, I hope I'm seated in another section.