OK so I just got in tonight after a Sanctum visit (see my other review), and on the way there I spied Eriberto's and made a mental note. Open 24 hrs. Berto's for an experiment in an hour.
I drive-thru and get the adobada burrito which has pico and guac. I had an inkling there would be some sauce element like the other -berto's' that I've been to, and I chose the best option I craved. Totaled $4.98.

Big burrito, and the GREAT part -- THE RED SAUCE!!!
This isn't your typical Los Betos or other -bertos sauce which seems to be thin and sweet, this was thicker and came in good sized containers! It wasn't hot (well to me at least) and complemented the burrito EXCELLENTLY!! I got 3 red and 1 green (kinda like green Tabasco but thicker) and had a splash for every bite! I LOVE THIS RED SAUCE and they're not skimpy about it, if you ask for 2 more reds, the container size is very generous and the stuff goes a long way. 

The meat was soft, tender and juicy! It didn't taste or seem oily. I think I would've liked more quac and pico, as they were represented in token amounts. Pico seems to be well represented throughout the burrito but not so much the guac. Often times a berto's burrito sits heavily, and I thought I would need Tums for sure later (MAYBE I will), but I don't have that sort of condition coming on at all. This was an absolutely SCRUMPTIOUS burrito, and the soft juicy texture made it completely win for me. 
I can't grant 5 stars on a single visit, because other plates need to be sampled, but I will gladly grant 4.

Super Burrito may be the closest for me, but this sauce and burrito combination at Eriberto's totally won me over even though it's WAY out of my 'hood.

If you've been disappointed previous reviewers, give the adobada burrito with red sauce a try. Some places have things they do well and some things they don't, but  I was happy with my burrito.

ADDENDUM:  HAD THE SHITS THE NEXT DAY.
Did they cook my meat thoroughly? Was it old?
Tasted great but I suffered. They need an inspection.