Ah, it's OK.

Apparently this new Café Rio took over what used to be a bead store (yes, a store with bead buying galore), and now it's one of the most frequented lunch spots in that area.  Located right behind McDonald's it certainly is in the hubbub of patrons.

But come on, it's Café Rio.  It's basically the same as the other ones around town, and a competitor to that other build your own burrito/taco/bowl/salad place Chipotle.  Coincidentally, right down the street on Lake Mead near In N Out Burger is a Chipotle.  So it comes down to personal preference.  And if you're looking really hard, pricing and soft drinks.

I'll admit, they make a darn fine salad.  If you make it right, it's like a burrito that internally combusted.  It's huge!  And probably my go to from now on at Café Rio.  A salad starts with a warm tortilla on the bottom of the tray.  Then it is topped with your choice of meat (I go roast beef or pork), beans (I go black (but I sometimes go back (to pinto))), and cilantro rice.  Then you get a healthy (I go heavy) portion of romaine lettuce, and any of their other sauces/salsas.  I opt for some corn, pico de gallo, cheese, sour cream, and a small scoop of guacamole.  Then top that bad boy with some fried tortilla strips!  I also choose the creamy cilantro dressing to go with my salad.  A bottle of hot sauce later, I'm in good eats land!

But this salad will set you back a hefty $8 -9 depending on your choice of meat.  Not the cheapest option for a meal considering it doesn't come with a drink.  But does Café Rio have some good drinks!  Not only is Coca-Cola product served, you also get your choice of some Mexican classics!  Horchata can be had to your refill hearts content.  So, a basic meal with a drink will cost you roughly $10 - 11.  Not the most value, but if you play it well you can get yourself a honkingly large entrée.  Think extras!  

Taste is OK.  The tortillas at Café Rio are actually pretty good when they are warm, seems to be fresher made than Chipotle.  I do like Café Rio's creamy cilantro dressing, but I prefer Chipotle's vinaigrette a whole lot more.  Plus, Chipotle edges pricing out a tad by being $1 - 2 cheaper per entrée depending on what you get.  But Chipotle serves no Horchata!  But they do serve Corona!  So really, it kinda evens out.  Just boils all down to personal preference, or which one you feel like eating that day.

If you choose neither of these for some Mexican food, you will probably end up at Roberto's.  That's not a bad choice either.

Ole!