Having a taco joint open up in Shadyside was just about the best thing that has happened since I came to Pittsburgh.  As soon as I saw a brief mention of this place on the talk pages of Yelp Pittsburgh, I monitored their progress towards opening by "liking" their page on facebook. It finally opened while I was out of town, so I made it a point to try this place as soon as I got back.  Walking back from school yesterday (Monday), I walked up and realized that they're not open on Mondays.  So I tried again today.

The brightly painted walls of this place remind me of a traditional mexican restaurant.  When you first walk in, their gelato lies in a similar position where Mercurio's gelatos used to lie.  From the end of the table, I ordered two tacos to go - one al pastor and the other carnitas.  They offer a number of salsas, and it seems that you can pack your own, even though they initially ask whether you want any one in particular.

While i waited, i sampled the mojito gelato ("with real booze"), one of their many interestingly flavors.  It was surprisingly light and tasty, although there were quite a few ice crystals in my sample because the lady scooped from the surface.  I'll most likely try a cup of this the next time I come back; it has just the right lightness that I like for a summer snack/dessert.

My order was fulfilled in a reasonable time (there was only one other party that had finished eating already).  I walked home as quickly as I could so that I could enjoy my tacos while they were still warm and so that the juices from the meat wouldn't soak through the corn tortilla.  My only thought on the walk back was, "I hope they put two corn tortillas, unlike reyna foods..."

And there were two corn tortillas!  The tacos aren't fully decked out like the "super tacos" of small mexican joints - as seen in the pictures, they provide the meat and some diced onions/cilantro. no lettuce, tomato, or any of that stuff. I asked for a bit of their medium house salsa, which came on the side. it was very mild for my taste (I could barely taste any spicyness), so I'll be trying their next level up next time I go.  The carnitas was slightly dryer than I expected, which eliminated the soggy corn tortilla problem.  The corn tortilla had cooled down, and I think it would have tasted better if left on the griddle slightly longer.  The pineapple on the al pastor taco definitely helped the taste a bit, but like the carnitas, they were just a tad underseasoned.   They put one salsa cup in my bag, which I ran out after 1.5 tacos, which meant that I barely had any salsa for my chips.  So if you get your order to go, make sure you have enough salsa! The chips that were also provided in a small bag was a nice accompaniment to my tacos. Thumbs up for not putting much salt on them. For two tacos my meal came out to be ~7.50, which is high/very high for the standard, but based on location (being in shadyside), I understand their pricing, and I don't have much to complain about.  I hope they'll have those spicy pickled veggies (Carrots, jalapenos, onions etc) soon! those will definitely be a great condiment for the tacos in addition to solely salsa.

Based on my review, I may just be accustomed to slightly heavier tastes (more spicyness, more spices).  Go and try this place! This places deserves to stay around.