I love finding small, hole-in-the-wall type of restaurants and when I saw this place, I really wanted to try it! It fit all the description-- small, hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurant.. one of my favorites! 

Once I went to the restaurant, I was excited to try everything to see if it was as authentic as it seems outside. However, I was greeted with a rude server who just looked at me as if I was confused. He told me and my party to sit anywhere and so I tried looking for a place where it was clean and not crowded. Once I was ready to order, I asked the server how big the tacos were and he said "What do you mean how big the tacos are?" as if I was stupid.. I mean there are small tacos where I need to order at least 4 to fill me up or the slightly larger ones that I don't need to order as much. I had to use my hands to explain to him what I meant. When I finished ordering, I just realized that they were closing in 5 minutes and maybe that's why he was so rude. Once I realized that, I decided to just take my food to go thinking that it would be easier for everyone at the restaurant. The server was saying it was okay-- but i'm sure he was just saying that. I hate being the last customer eating.. I already felt like I was unwanted in the restaurant, so I wanted to leave as soon as possible.

The food came out really fast and everything was packed in a plastic bag.. including the sauces and literally... EVERYTHING! When I got home, it was more like... build your own taco, tostado and an ahogada. 

Tacos en Barbacoa- It was amazing! I really really liked the taco and the meat.. (oh, it is the larger tacos, btw. twice the size of the small ones) I ordered two which filled me up! I guess I liked it because I didn't really have to build my own taco. It they just put the sauce on the side and the condiments so I just placed it inside.. probably the ONLY thing that I liked.

Tostado en Carne- I had to make it myself... would probably have been better if I was there, but it wasn't as good.. the portion was huge! I definitely like the one from Tacos El Gordo better. They have smaller portions which makes it easier to eat and melted cheese... yum!

Tortas Ahogadas- did not look as good as the picture. I just didn't like it, period. I don't see what the hype was about. 

Overall, I give this place a 3 STARS. If it wasn't for the delicious tacos, I would have given this place 2 STARS. Service can definitely be better. I felt so unwelcomed and if they didn't want to serve us, they should have told us that the place was closing in 5 minutes instead of looking at us as if we were lost and confused.