I wanted Mexican food. I've been on a Mexican food kick. Nevermind that I had Rosa's on Friday. I wanted Mexican food on a new day - Saturday.

A good girlfriend of mine suggest Blue Adobe. It's close to your house, she said. I gave a mental shrug and thought, "why not?"

I had passed Blue Adobe many times on my way to the Mesa Arts Center and had always meant to try it. But each time I passed, it always looked closed. The dark windows they have are very deceptive my friend, very deceptive. Plus, the lack of cars in the parking lot always made me think they were closed, too!

So I pulled up. Then I saw the cars parked *behind* the building. OH!

Walked in and thought it was decorated quite tastefully, although their chairs leave a bit more to be desired.

Chips and salsa were good, I'll give them that. Service was good, too. I think it helped that my friend had been there several times. When she arrived, the server's eyes perked up - I kid you not! He clearly had seen her in there before.

I looked over the menu and realized it's NEW Mexican cuisine. Sorry, I'm not a fan of New Mexico food. When I want Mexican, I want MEXICAN. Don't give me Tex-Mex or New Mex shit.

So...strike one for them.

My friend got the beef lettuce wraps. She raved about how fabulous they were. I kept looking at her lettuce thinking, "It's freaking iceberg lettuce. How can you be happy with that?"

I ended up getting their salmon, lettuce and tomato sandwich...it came with fries. The dish was aight for me, but it didn't make me want to do my little happy dance. The bacon was nice. The salmon was nice...and their bread for it was a bit like a ... pita? I didn't pay attention to the bread, thinking it would be a regular ole type of sandwich bread. Nerp. Toast has more substance.

The bonus about the fries? They were unsalted.

I read all the laudatory reviews - best new cafe in 2007, blah blah blah. Culinary delight to the senses...yada yada yada.

I can sum it up with one letter in quick succession: ZZzzzzZzzzz

I'll give this place another shot some other time, but for now I'm gonna leave it be.

If you like New Mexican cuisine, this is the place fer ya. If you want down home plain ole Mexican food, stick to Rosa's (which is what I will do). And hell, should I ever decide I can't hold out on a Sunday for Mexican food because Rosa's is closed, I'll go to Rosita's. Yea, their lack of windows still has great issues for me, but I will take their food any day over Blue Adobe.