I've always used the drive through at this location, in the morning time. Have never had any problems. Customer service always good. Order always correct. Sounds like 5 stars or close to it, right? 


Well this morning, I am hungry, and opt for a classic chicken burrito. No lettuce. Extra cheese. Extra chicken. All was well until I was about 1/3 of the way into it and I look down and notice I was eating a burrito with RAW chicken. I called the store and spoke with a manager named Maria. She was so so, offered to have me come back and make another burrito. I declined for obvious reasons and stated I was now at work and cannot come back. I told her I just wanted my money back for the burrito. She said she would like me to bring it back so she can see and speak with her cooks about it because they might not believe her. Really? Ok. I kind felt like she was calling me a liar. I told her that I've been cooking for years and I'm pretty sure I know raw chicken when I see it and she should talk to her cook immediately so other patrons aren't served raw chicken. So I inform her I am not off until 4pm, she tells me to come in after work, with the burrito, and she will update the manager on duty at that time of the situation.

So fast forward to about 5pm. I come back with my burrito from the AM. The gal at the register initially was nice and gets the manager or shift supervisor who then  leaves whatever she was helping to cook and  walks up nonchalantly to the register, she then proceeds to throw the burrito in the trash (WITHOUT EVEN LOOKING AT IT, doesn't wanna see the photo on my phone either), gives me back $6 and then gives me back my receipt copy (after I have to ask for it). Did she talk to me once during the transaction? Nope. Just kept her head down and talked to the register (no it didn't answer back). 

Had i received better customer service in response to bringing raw chicken to their attention,  I probably would've rated this store higher. The reason I give even 3 starts after a raw chicken experience is because my past experiences here have always been pleasant.