O, Qdoba.  She loves me, She loves me not, she. . .

  It's actually really hard to write a review for Qdoba.  I go there on average at least once a week, and so many people talk about it all the time that I figure almost everyone has been there.  But this is yelp, and there are the non-adventurous types.  My following review will be two-fold to try to market to both parties; my first review is for the chain, and my second review is for this particular establishment's location.

Qdoba Chain - 4 Stars-

Qdoba gets almost everything right.  They provide a hefty burrito packed joc-full of ingredients at what I would consider to be a perfectly reasonable price.  $7 for a meal that's above normal fast-food quality without having to tip is acceptable.  Their menu is more diverse than Chipotle, and their ingredients are almost identical set aside some small nuances in the salsas.  I wish they would expand their menu more often, but that'll come in due time.

It's really the tastiness that wins one over.  The ingredients are fresh, the beef and chicken are better than regular fast food by a mile, and they have some great salsas like the three-cheese queso.  I'm pretty sure I could be fed that queso dip in an IV for life and be satisfied :D .  

The main problem holding them back (which I'll touch on in my individual review below) is the service.  Qdoba's service is the definition of "Hit or Miss."  Some locations do a great job with friendly employees who make burritos that don't fall apart and actually listen to you and make you feel like your business is wanted.  Other locations hire ignorant college kids or ex-con blue-collar workers who look like they'd rather spit in your face than make your food.  These workers often get orders wrong, charge you extra for little things like sauce, lettuce, etc, and make issues out of non-issues.  It's been so bad at several locations that I actually wrote Qdoba Headquarters 2 or 3 times.  In fact, in Milwaukee, one location made a local paper's news column because of some injustice it infracted upon some chipotle supporting neighbors.  Lastly, their burritos, while giant, don't always fill the big eaters up, and they offer few sides other than their horrible tasting chips.

University Ave Qdoba Location - 2 Stars

As you can see, from my amalgamated review, this is how I came to a total review of 3 stars.  This particular location on University Ave is not the worst one I've been to, but it certainly gets close.  The majority of the time I go in there, the employees are very rude.  A couple of middle-aged white guys who look like they want to "take this job and shove it" constantly don't say hi in return to greetings from myself and other customers, and they sloppily pile ingredients into the burritos so that it's almost guaranteed to not stay together.  The last time I went there, one of the guys came over to the register when he heard me asking for a little queso sauce on my pesto burrito to make sure they charged me a hefty extra fee.  Another time, his fellow employee at the register asked him to mark the burritos with a sharpe (like they do everywhere else) so that he would know what to ring up quicker.  This prompted the co-worker to fling a sharpe at the register guy's face and you could tell the guy at the register was embarrassed and not joking around with his co-worker.

The University Ave location also doesn't have adequate parking or seating.  During lunch and dinner hours, both are packed full of people and you generally either have to get food to go, park illegally, or leave.  This is something that's hard to correct for a business, but overall it makes this location less desirable.

I hope all the negative things I've said don't discourage one from going to doba.  The place has hot delicious food, and it should be tried at least once.  Just don't get crack-addict hooked like me on that queso. . .
Good locations-

Madison- Mineral Point Rd
Milwaukee- Prospect Ave