The nicest thing I can say is that they stay open later than Phat Burrito. I'm kinda surprised they have such cartoonish statues of stereotypes out front but the other decor elements like the antique lamps over the main dining area are reminiscent of my travels in central Texas. I like the separated booth area in the middle, as it's pleasantly far enough away from the bar that should a crowd 3 people deep develop over there you won't feel that someone's elbow will end up in your plate because the booth is on a riser.  

When we came in I was more peckish than hungry but none of the appetizers appealed to me that night though they did have a good variety available. I went with a 3 chicken taco plate and it was unremarkable. In no way was the food undesirable, it arrived quickly, it was warm, though we were ordering late, the chicken wasn't over cooked or gave any indication it wasn't just made. From a flavoring perspective there was nothing distinctive about the meal. Since I wasn't ordering among their collection of tequila's (sadly they don't have my favorite Clase Azul like Vida Vida) the only reason to order a chicken taco here than phat burrito or chipotle than: Is it after 10pm ?

Since we were here after 9pm on their first week the place was slow and service is finding its way still. When our waitress left for the night no one was assigned to us. I had to wave down another table's waitress to get the check, once I had my card in the folder while we waited for someone to pick it up 2 different people came by to see if we wanted refilled water and third person came by to take our plates. Finally I took the check to the bar. Only after I signed the check I realized I had been given the completely different bill. So it took more time to find a manager, void the wrong check out, go through our original waitress's open checks, find my correct order and rerun my card.

Pregame here or stop by on your way home on the lightrail to sober up because the food so far isn't much to remember.