Conceptually "Chinese Mexican fusion," China Poblano is billed as a blending of the two rich cultures.  Located on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan somewhat hidden in the back, the restaurant is certainly eye catching.  With an entryway shaped like Buddha and "Mexican Takeout" windows on either side the campy feel is palpable, but acceptable.  With an interior of communal and separate dining tables, a noodle making station, and wall decorations ranging from Chinese Opera Masks and Lanterns to Luchador Masks and Oaxacan carvings the interior was colorful to say the least.  In addition to the fixed objects there were also large morphing murals - projections of famous and peasant Chinese and Mexican individuals.  To see the restaurant is to love it-or perhaps to hate it-it is certainly over the top.

Arriving in warm soft shells and approximately three bites each the first tastes of taco would come from Langosta.  Described as meaty lobster/mango/arbol chile sauce ($16 for 2 now, $6/e prev) the flavors were good, but unfortunately the lobster was slightly overcooked and I felt the chile sauce overwhelmed the subtleties of the sweet crustacean.

Silencio tacos - duck tongue/rambutan fruit ($4.5/e.)  Unfamiliar with rambutan until this time I was impressed by the fleshy sweet fruit and its ability to temper the salty, savory, and somewhat chewy tongues.  While not as nuanced as some of the other tacos, these are definitely worth checking out if only to experience the ingredients at a relatively cheap price.

The Cochinita tacos, described as Yucatan-style pit barbeque pork/marinated onions ($4/e) were good, but rather expected and unidimensional.   Savory and sweet the pork and onions melded nicely, but in total the flavor was no better or worse than a good pork taco anywhere else.

Carnitas braised baby pig/pork rinds/spicy salsa verde cruda ($4/e prev.)  With the braised baby pig perfectly done-supple, moist and flavorful-the addition of pork rinds added a lovely degree of crunch and saltiness.  Tempering the other two dishes and adding a bit of spice plus vegetal acidity the salsa was spicy without being overly so-in my opinion they should serve this salsa instead of the chipotle version with the tortilla chips.

Coctel de Camarones fresh shrimp/jumbo lump crab meat/tomato/avocado ($12.)  Essentially a whole lot of underwhelming salsa in a bowl with a couple of snappy sweet shrimp, thin shreds of crab, and chunks of avocado plus tortillas for dunking it was almost as if someone forgot to add salt, or spice, or vinegar, or really anything other than the listed ingredients which simply were not of all that impressive quality.

Love Is In the Air heirloom tomatoes/sugar air ($8.88) was much simpler in ingredients and much more complex in flavor.  Nicely presented in a large bowl with what must have been two fresh whole tomatoes and a splash of vinegar the dish was topped with an "mg" manufactured foam full of delicate sweetness that acted only to enhance the natural flavors of the tomatoes beneath.

Lamb Pot Stickers Stuck on You vegetables/crispy lace ($11.88 now, $8.88 at our visit) delivered five pockets of lamb, cabbage, radish, and smoky seasonings inside a crispy lace shell.  While slightly oily, the lamb itself was impressively cooked and not a bit gamey-with the mélange of vegetables elevated by the cumin and black pepper this dish was clever and tasty with obvious contributions from both Hispanic and Chinese cultures.

Ocean Nest scallops/crab/shrimp/pan-fried egg noodles/seasonal vegetables ($10 at our visit and now $22 w/ king crab/lobster) would be a successful yet rather ordinary dish.  With crispy noodles resting in a gentle fish broth at the base and three head-on shrimp, three scallops, and a few chunks of crab interspersed with bok choy, spinach, and onions the flavors all worked and the textures were nicely done-at $10 the dish was a steal, but lobster or not I don't think I'd recommend it at the current price point unless there was a good deal more seafood.

The Unruly Monk with hand-cut noodles/bok choy/wild wood ear mushrooms/poached egg ($16) was served in an enormous bowl with perhaps a half liter of broth, boiled bok choy, a single egg, and a plethora of mushrooms the dish would be a nearly mirror experience of the Ocean Nest-a nicely executed dish, but no better than could be made at a local Chinese restaurant in most mid-sized US cities.

In the end I think the verdict is still out on China Poblano - I'm not willing to rule it out, but I'm also not ready to say the "concept" (which is exactly what it is) "works."  While certain dishes worked to great effect, others merely represented decent versions of Americanized ethnic food, and some were simply underwhelming.  Looking at the menu only 2 weeks after my visit I already see many changes and given Andres' propensity for exploration I've no doubt the menu will continue to evolve as they find what works and doesn't.