To be filed in the 'shady part of town' category, I recently visited Fat Boy Restaurant in the north east part of town. You can thank me now; I risked life and limb to increase my cholesterol level and try one more burger for you all to read about. I came across Fat Boy in a recent Yelp post about burgers along with a few other oddball places that are high on my list to try. It's not very often that I drive into the depths of North Las Vegas for anything, let alone a burger, so this better have been worth it. Was it?

The restaurant itself is small, with only 6 tables and a counter that separates the dining area from the twice as big kitchen area behind it. Do not expect anything fancy when coming here, but I doubt you would after what you've just driven through to get there or by opening your eyes and looking at the half-deserted strip mall it resides in. The owners decided to play off the word 'boy' in their menu, which is in everything from their boyrritos (burritos) to boygers (burgers). The menu also has wings, pizza, Philly cheese steaks, and almost anything else you can think of.

I thought I would keep it fairly simple and ordered the double Boyger meal, complete with everything: mayo, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, pickles, relish and mustard. Now it may be the relish talking, but if there was a contest to replicate the Fatburger burger this would win hands down. The patties had great beef flavor, not quite as peppery and crispy as a Fatburger would be, but still very good. The bun was a bit thin but grilled nice and crispy, and proportioned perfectly. The toppings were all fresh, well-proportioned and complemented each other, a lot like a Fatburger would be with everything on it. Overall this was a surprise meal based on my surroundings and the loud Mexican accordion music playing in the background.

My fat fries were good; seasoned with something I couldn't quite identify, probably a typical fry seasoning. They were mostly cooked well, with a couple slightly soggy ones as often happens with fat fries. The portion wasn't that big, probably the only downside to the meal. The price for a combo meal comes in at $6.98, which is probably half of what it would have cost for the same thing at Fatburger. If you love that exact flavor and are willing to take a drive then definitely come check this place out. If you've had enough of Fatburger and don't need to try the same thing, or just don't want to risk getting carjacked, you may want to avoid Fat Boy.