Don't have a pool? No problem -- you can still flaunt your goodies and ogle bikini-clad strangers any time you want at El Santo, a newly opened cantina and lounge near Scottsdale Quarter that features a Mexican food menu and a public pool adjacent to a massive outdoor bar, along with another bar inside and a full restaurant.

There's no cover to swim it up at El Santo, a joint conceived by the same people who brought the Valley fellow hot spots Stingray Sushi, Geisha A Go Go and Spanish Fly. I like the concept, since in the hot Valley weather, it's nice to cool down by water whenever you can, even when you don't live near a pool yourself. But the pool is probably the only reason I'd come back here -- when I had a preview lunch at El Santo, the food left me underwhelmed and wishing the patio outside had already been opened.

I started with an Avocado Carpaccio salad ($7), which appeared to be one single small avocado sliced thinly and drizzled with a little bit of vinegar and topped with a couple onion and jalapeno slices. It was such a simple, safe dish, and I couldn't believe it cost $7-I could have made it myself at home for maybe $1.25.

My companion got the El Santo Lobster Flautas ($15), which resembled egg rolls and which he said tasted like mediocre taquitos. They were another really expensive dish that didn't seem worth the price.

I ordered cheese enchiladas ($12), which were off the menu since the only enchiladas they offer had meat in them. There weren't many vegetarian menu items available at all, save for some veggie tacos, and I was disappointed that although the enchiladas came out on a skillet, they were lukewarm and chewy -- they reminded me of ones I'd had at Sand Bar, but only more expensive and without sides of rice and beans for the $12 price tag. I did like the chips and salsa, but they weren't spectacular enough to save my meal.

My pal got the Slow-roasted Carnitas Burrito ($11), which he said was alright tasting but was also not piping hot. I know it was a preview lunch, but the food temperature at El Santo was a red flag for me.

Dining in the restaurant area itself was a little odd, since there were some bar stool table set-ups in corners that faced walls, as well as seating surrounding giant columns that allowed you to see the people directly next to you and not much else. Below, find some pics from inside the restaurant.

The patio bar and pool area, as well as the adjacent indoor bar connecting the pool to the restaurant, are places I'd rather hang out at, and I can see them filling up on nights and weekends. Just stick to the cocktails if you go.