I've been trolling all the Mexican reviews lately and have seen many people talk about beef tongue and beef cheek tacos. I got it in my mind that I had to try this somewhere. Search for lengua brought up a few places and this was closest to home.

Company always makes a food adventure more fun so I dropped NormR a message and asked if he wanted to grab some lunch.

We arrived at 1:30 on a Saturday and the place was empty. This appeared to be a family affair type place and were greeted by who I would assume was a son with a spiked mohawk. I already liked the place but this was a little weird for a Mexican joint.

After looking over and menu and doing some guessing as to what things were he came over to take our order I asked him a question about something. He informed me the English version was on the opposite side.. Ahh the DOH moment ;) been having way to many of those lately.

This is a really cool little restaurant. Someone had painted Mexican jungle themes all over the inside and outside of the place. It was a really homey, cozy type feel. I think Norm was able to get some good picture of the interior. They had a great patio area that would be fun to make use of the few times a year you can in the valley.

Onto the foodz!

Chips/Salsa:
Not the high point of the meal.. The chips were a little on the stale/heavy side. The salsa was very runny and was far from the most flavorful I've had.

Tacos:
All these were served in soft double corn tortillas with onions and a verde salsa. The verde sauce was very good. Garlic, tomatillo cilantro, citrus, salt. Just the thing you want on a street type taco.

Beef Cheek:
This had a nice strong beef flavor with a decent but not overly amount of gristle. Honestly I'm not sure what I expected it wasn't anything super mind blowing. I've had much better beef tacos and I didn't pick up a huge different between the cheek/head and some other cut of meat.

Pastor:
WOW! that's right.. a full blown WOW. This stuff was freaking amazing. For those who are unaware this is a marinaded pork which is cooked the same as a shawarma. Its stacked on a vertical rotisserie with onions and peppers and cooked slowly and shaved as ordered. I want a freaking 5lb burrito filled with this! This was almost enough for me to change my entire cheat meals plans just to go back here tonight and stuff myself with this.

Beef Tongue:
I've never had this before but Norm had and said it was very mild. To me it tasted like beef with a strange texture. I was kind of disappointed because I was expecting something very different. I'll let Norm comment on how this compared to other tongue dishes he has had.

Liver:
This was VERY strong. Like I had to take very small bites because it was kicking me in the face. We weren't sure if this was beef or pork liver. I believe its something I could really like after I've had it a few times. This may have been the first time I tried liver beef/pork. The more I think about it the more I like it. To me its kind of like learning to enjoy a really strong cheese. Gotta get your feel wet before you dive in.

Guacamole:
I have regained faith in humanity over the last month. Most of the Mexican places I've been to recently have been making this correctly and letting the avocado be the star of the show. This was really good here and very fresh. No tomato ruining things. The guac had mild green onion, garlic, cilantro, citrus notes which is just how it should be.

All in all I was happy with the meal. I will be back here for some more pastor. I'm curious how the rest of the Mexican staples are here.