We have visited LGLG&C twice in the last month. Both times sitting on the patio and found that the service on the patio was SO BAD that we swore we would never go back. Bad service on top of high prices  are not a good combination, even if the food is good.

BUT after an even worse experience at another local mexican restaurant tonight we put our tails between our legs and went over the LGLG&C to give it one last chance as we were hungry for Mexican food and it was close. This time when we walked in I politely told the sweet hostess that we wanted to sit on the patio but we have always had HORRIBLE service out there and we needed her help to make sure we get a good waiter/waitress who will not leave us to fend for ourselves.

She was VERY receptive assured us that she would make sure everyone knew, and she did. Our waitress was incredibly attentive, I wish I remembered her name, I would recommend her, but I did make sure her manager knew that she had single handedly changed our impression of their restaurant. 

Also, this time around at LGLG&C there was a lovely woman walking around making sure everyone was happy and a nice man came around shaking hands. It felt like a place you wanted to be as opposed to avoid, which was becoming our opinion. I don't know if this show of enthusiasm was because the neighborhood 'squeaky wheel' was squealing (me) or if it has become standard, but it was a great move in  our book!:)

It will take more than one good experience for me to change my opinion to 4 stars, but tonight was definitely a step in the right direction. I hope they will keep stepping up their game!

I hope they don't let this place run itself during the summer only to come to town to make sure it's up to standards during the busy season. If that's the case hopefully they will read this and reconsider or hire a strong summer manager as it's the locals that make or break your restaurant.

One last suggestion for LGLG&C: You charge a premium for your food, but the food is good and I don't mind paying for good food if the service is also good. The only suggestion I would add is that the abundance of beer flags hanging around the patio flapping in the wind really cheapen the setting. Take that part for what it's worth, the tacky flags won't keep me from going back, but they might keep me from taking out of town guests or business associates. Just a thought, I wish you well:)