If eating in a filthy daycare center is your idea of a great dining experience, this is a must try place for you!  We stopped in for brunch last Saturday when we were feeling in an adventurous mood and looking to deviate from our tried and true brunch spots.  It was a beautiful day so we asked to be seated outside and as the hostess lead us to our table, it became apparent that there was NOWHERE on the patio and perhaps the entire restaurant that would offer us any solace from the excessive number of running, screaming, sticky fingered children who had apparently consumed too much sugar at the chocolate fountain.

Now, I understand that when sitting outside in the Phoenix area, tables and chairs aren't always spotless due to the dust factor, but one would have expected that our plastic tablecloth would have at least been wiped down sufficiently to remove the layers of food that had accumulated over what I'm guessing was at least the past few months.  After a significant wait, a server (not ours) showed up with some water that was served in glasses designed to hold enough liquid to quench a toddler's thirst (although, given the number of toddlers present, perhaps this was intentional) and some chips, salsa, and hot sauce.  The chips were of both the flour and corn tortilla varieties and were rather heavy on the grease.  The salsa was so mild, the only real flavor that it had was that of the sliced black olives in it, which is not necessarily a quality one seeks in a salsa.  The "hot" sauce was actually just as mild as the salsa and was served in a glass bottle that was so filthy and had so much food stuck to the outside of it that my hands were actually sticky from touching it.  At long last, our waiter finally showed up to take our drink order: a mimosa for me and a bloody mary for my husband.  After another ten minutes, he finally reappeared with the drinks and had I not been quick to cover my white shorts with my napkin, we would have been heading home for me to change since he'd spilled the bloody mary while carrying it and cluelessly reached across me with it to set the drink in front of my husband, causing a stream of spilled tomato juice to run down the plastic tablecloth and onto my legs.

The only redeeming factor that pulled this place up to three stars was actually the food.  I ordered a two item combo with a cheese enchilada and a bean & guacamole tostada and when the food finally arrived, it was clear a one item combo would have been more than enough as both items were huge.  All of the tostada ingredients were fresh and tasty and the cheese enchilada was flavorful too.  My husband had the huevos rancheros which he also thought were quite good.  This place is definitely a good value for the price as it's very inexpensive, but having heard that they actually host wedding receptions here, I would have expected a lot more in terms of the atmosphere and service.  It's a place that we won't hurry back to, but won't cross off the list as I've definitely had far worse food and overall dining experiences at other Mexican restaurants in the Valley.