Up front let me say I have probably been to this Chipotle's at least 25 times as it is on my way home from work. I have also eaten at Chipotle's all over California, Colorado and Nevada so I do have other experiences with this chain. 
 
This Chipotle is a difficult one to review. The parking lot is not big enough for all the chain restaurants there, (Golden Spoon, Five Guys, Buffalo Wild Wings and Chipotle), as well as other business's. Lately there is also a pretty aggressive man standing outside hitting EVERYBODY up who walks by for money. He always says, "Would you like to donate something for the veterans today" ? So, if you say No Thanks, you sound like you don't support our boys and girls in uniform. The guy has no badge on so you have no idea what he represents besides "The Veterans". He also has many bouquets of flowers that he uses to get you to contribute even more money since you are getting something in return. And HE WILL hit you up again as you leave with your take out food 10 minutes later. Now, if the guy is legitimate you would think he would soften his approach and wear some kind of permit that allows him to solicit money from me every time I walk by him. He is NOT a mellow guy either. I can see his "style" being a bit intimidating for the softer people in the world. But I digress from the Chipotle. 
  
So, You finally get inside and the line is usually long. The employee's routinely disappear into the back leaving confused customers waiting for, well, you are not sure what you are waiting for as most of the time the employee has gone off to do something unrelated to you. You, who was standing in front of them trying to pay your money or tell them you wanted sour cream, and they vanish. Just weird. The food I found to be pretty good all the time. I agree with other reviewers on here that say your portion sizes are small. It seems to vary with the employee as I have gotten just HUGE burrito's that I can't finish and smaller ones that leave me wanting more chips or something else. I always get the same thing so it is interesting to see how it will turn out this trip. But, like I said, the food is GOOD.
  
So, bottom line is I can only give 3 stars since the food is always good, BUT the portion sizes do vary, the employees are kinda weird with how they wait on everybody, and the solicitor outside needs to have someone tell him to wear the permit he should have that gives him permission to bother everybody as you walk both in and out of this place.