The food: AMAZING!
The layout/decor: Interesting and fun and fresh!
The service: Ehhhhh.

We came in for an early dinner on Saturday. The smoky scent of grilled food wafted around us and immediately made us STARVING. Perfect!

There are several cook stations set up throughout the restaurant, each with about 8 tables connected (ours had 4 two- and four-top sections and 4 tables for bigger parties). It's a neat concept to get to watch the cooks in action without having to deal with the nuisances of traditional "hibachi" dining--no talking and sitting with strangers!

It took a while for our server to greet us and to be honest, that basically set the tone for the evening: Lots of waiting. No plates being cleared. No menu recommendations or up-sells. (This place is new! Sell us on it!)

The food was absolutely the star, though. We started with the guacamole, which was probably one of the best restaurant-made batches I've ever had. Chunky avos, bright citrus notes, ample amounts of queso fresco. (And the house salsa they bring with chips also ain't too shabby either!) We inhaled it.

For entrees, I opted for the grilled zucchini and roasted corn enchiladas, while my boyfriend opted for the chicken fajitas. The enchiladas were OUTSTANDING: they are the stacked style; three delicious corn tortillas (you get your choice of corn or flour) layered with your filling and cheese in a dish is thrown into the oven to transform into bubbly perfection. I will say though, there was no roasted corn in the whole dish...just the grilled zucchini and some other fajita veggies. Didn't reflect the menu name. The sides of rice and beans (I opted for black beans, charro or pinto are also available) were perfectly seasoned and hot. Boyfriend loved his fajitas and was happy it came with an extra little ramekin of guac, as our order was long gone by the time our entrees came out.

Like I said, one thing that bugged me was NO plates being cleared. We had to find room on our table to push aside our empty guacamole molcajete, dirty appetizer plates, carafe my glass of wine came in and large menus. It all sat there during our meal. Our server came by to refill our water once and saw the scene, but didn't pick up anything. Once we boxed up our leftovers, the empty entree dishes sat there as well. To be honest, I felt like the guys in our kitchen area deserved a tip moreso than our server. They checked in several times asking how our food was, and delivered it all to us. I also appreciate how they use iPads for settling checks in an attempt to be green, but can also see how that might be a little awkward.

All in all, the food is definitely the star at Fogon, which I guess it should be. Come on service, kick it up a notch!