Just reopened.

I'm told the recently reopened Pasqual's has the exact same interior as it previously did - right down to the wall decorations, seating, dividers, and bar.  I'd never been to this location prior to tonight, so I can't confirm or verify.

We were seated promptly and were presented with two thimble-sized glasses of water. The interior of this place is L-O-U-D, loud.  My friend and I had to shout/spittle all over each other while trying to talk across our table.  If you're looking for an intimate setting in which to catch-up with someone, look elsewhere.

Our waiter arrived and asked if we'd like to order chips and salsa.  We did, and we also placed an order for two brews - a Spotted Cow and a Lake Louie Porter.  The tap selection is limited; just five brews.

The menu is smaller than what you'll find at a typical Pasqual's.  This is, afterall, the "cantina" version of Pasqual's.  We ordered the enchiladas and the carne asada tacos.

The food arrived after about 20 minutes or so, and it was tasty.  I didn't sample the enchiladas, but I'm told they were excellent.  My carne asada tacos came on soft corn tortillas, which were really flavorful.  I skipped the rice and went with black beans, which were also excellent, but were covered in a light layer of cheese.  The cheese was/is completely unnecessary, in my humble opinion.

Our server refilled our brews, but was otherwise absent.  He asked if we wanted to split the check (we did), and then promptly disappeared.  My part of the check was $25... a bit steep for what I received.

The noise level never diminished; it was tiring to be in the restaurant and almost having to shout for the entire meal... as we were readying to leave, we noticed the restaurant had cleared out, yet is was still quite noisy.  

Pasqual's = OK

Food = 3.75 stars (better than your typical sleazican offerings)
Value = 2.5 stars 
Service = 2.5 stars
MISC = 1.5 stars (very loud)

Would probably be a good place for a drink and some appetizers with a larger group of friends; not so great for a quiet or inexpensive night out.