I was really excited to try Tako but I feel like this place is a bit overhyped.  I loved the outside which looked like a real taqueria, but once we went inside it looked more like a club scene--it was quite dark, cramped, loud, and there was even a DJ spinning.  This might be fun for a club/bar scene, but this is supposed to be a restaurant and they were still serving dinner.  I could barely hear my friend speak or the waiter.  The inside atmosphere was very hipster and a bit pretentious. 

We weren't able to get a dinner reservation until 10pm since they were so busy, so my friend and I had already had drinks elsewhere first.  Since I was driving I decided to order a soda.  Our malebun-wearing pretentious hipster waiter got all offended by this and stormed off without even taking my friend's order.  Another waiter returned 15 min later with my soda and they still didn't ask my friend what she wanted to drink.  It's possible he was also offended because I missed or misunderstood something he said because it was so loud in there.  But this did not get us off to a good start.  

We had the queso dip which was quite good, though a little pricey, and we needed to get more tortillas to go with it.  The octopus taco (which this placed is named for, as tako means octopus in japanese) was amazing.  The best octopus taco I ever had.  I also had a carne asada taco which felt like it was lacking in some key ingredient and was not that memorable.  The waiter finally spoke to us and became more friendly when he was all excited to explain all the homemade salsas.  Unfortunately none of them were very impressive.  One tasted just like a bbq sauce, not a salsa, and none were very spicy.  Definitely not authentic tasting.  In general, the prices are a bit high compared to other places that have comparable tacos and you don't get any side dishes or anything with your meal.  

I'd go back for the octopus taco but nothing else I thought was really amazing.  I will have to go back for their drinks another time, as they did appear to have a good tequila selection.