The few times I've been to Paco's, I have found the food to be underwhelming (it's not the best Tex Mex I've ever had, but it's not the worst, and it usually leaves me full and bringing home leftovers). I've had a wide variety of meals at Paco's, and it has always been the company and the margaritas that keeps me coming back, not really the food. The first time I went to Paco's, I got a taco platter, and while they were good, they weren't stand out or spectacular. I've also tried the enchiladas, but my issue with those is I'm more of an authentic kind of gal, and enchies (a very technical and affectionate term for enchiladas) made with sour cream chicken,  or topped with chili gravy don't really wow me (plus they were drowning in sauce, which after bite three made them soggy). My friend can't say enough nice things about Paco's salads (she loves the chopped salad and the Paco's salad), but the one time I went the salad route the veggies didn't seem fresh and the honey cilantro lime dressing was overpowering, and I was disappointed yet again. Yet, I could never write Paco's off (my friends loyally go and say I will find something I like), so I keep giving them more chances. A few weeks ago I was happy I didn't give up on Paco's.

By far the star of the show at Paco's is the fajitas. As I was browsing the menu to try something new yet again (my fallback was going to be to branch out at get some tacos I'd never tried) I stumbled upon the fajita platters tucked in the first page of their new menu. Paco's delivered on steak fajitas, and I was thrilled. The steak was seared to my liking and super tender. It looked beautiful; there were ample grill marks and it was simple and straightforward, which allowed its smoky flavor to shine. An abundance of vegetables accompanied the steak on the sizzling platter, and the peppers and onions melted in my mouth and burst with flavor on each bite. I tucked my precious steak and veggies into piping hot, soft flour tortillas, and topped them with traditional fixings (beans, cheese, lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole and sour cream) before gorging myself.

Read the full review here: http://offtheeatenpathblog.com/2013/08/07/pacos-tacos-and-tequilla/