Last night (Feb. 11th, 2013) I went out to dinner with my folks.  We agreed on getting Mexican food.  But, we settled for Willy & Jose's.  As I have stated in a previous review, I allow myself one night per week to eat out.  So, my folks wanted to hitchhike on my night.  I like my folks so that was no problem... well small problem, they eat a lot earlier than I would like.  But, whatever...

We get to Sam's Town around 5 pm, park, and take a small escalator ride to Willy & Jose's.  As we walked up, I noticed that the outside seating was full.  Crazy!!!  Anyhow, we check in and were immediately seated, inside.  Our seats were near the Kitchen, so there was a lot of foot traffic around us.

Our drink orders were taken immediately.  Our complimentary chips, salsa, and beans showed up on the table.  After eating a couple of chips I was done.  They were too stale for me.  So, I refrained.  As we looked at our menu, I had to help my Aunt figure out how to order Chicken and Rice.  That's all she likes when we go out.

* Side note:  Over the past few years I tried to get my Aunt to try new things - new places.  But, no matter where we went, Mexican, Japanese, Thai etc... she found a way to just order Chicken and Rice.  I gave up and just accepted it.

Back to my review...

So, our waiter, Ramero (sp?), was great.  He is the reason I give 3 stars.  He was friendly and witty, as well as efficient.  He made sure our drinks were always full and checked in on us from time to time, to make sure we were alright.

We order and within 15 minutes or so, our meals came out.  My aunt's chicken and rice was covered with cheese, green sauce and peppers.  She forgot to ask for her meal without all of the mess.  So, for the next couple of minutes, she scraped all of it off and put it on a smaller plate.  The chicken was too spicy for her but she survived.  My folks both ordered the Fajita special... which came out sizzling... so that's a plus.  They raved over it.  Maybe that should have been the move I needed to make.  But, I'm not a big fan of onions and peppers.  So, I would have felt foolish ordering it that way.  So, I decided to get the shredded beef burrito.  Again, it came out covered with cheese and green sauce.  All of our meals came with the same sides. - Beans w/ cheese, rice, lettuce w/ sour cream and tomatoes.  Bland is the word that describes the sides.  The burrito I had was so-so, but edible.

We were finished with dinner in about 15 - 20 minutes.  I am one that always wants to take part of my meal home, so I can eat it later.  I have always been like that... so don't judge!!!  

*On another side note: It was nice that they had the bathrooms in the restaurant.  So, I didn't have to walk into the casino to find one.