My husband and I went to Dos Caminos for our "day-after our wedding" brunch. I used to come here when it was Agave and I thoroughly enjoyed it, so I was a tiny bit apprehensive. I'm glad we decided to give it a go!

I will have to leave an update for this restaurant because we didn't have THE BEST experience, but it wasn't awful either,...so just the 3 stars will have to do for now. First of all, the seating on the patio is much better than it was under previous ownership. They have more tables outside and it feels more open. I've always loved that patio, but now it is a much more comfortable feel.

When our server mentioned to us that we were there for brunch so we receive a complimentary cocktail if we would like, we were all about it. We took advantage and my hubby ordered a blended margarita and I ordered a Bloody Mary. I ended up having to send the Bloody Mary back because it tasted like peppered tomato juice. They had no problem substituting it though and I replaced it with a mimosa which was delicious. 

The part that bothered us was that after we ordered our complimentary cocktail, we then found out from the server that our drinks were only complimentary if we ordered from the (very limited) brunch menu section. We were already half way through our drinks so we had to stick to that menu and there are really only a handful of options. Had we known this, we would have forgone the drinks and ordered from the lunch menu. 

We ordered the breakfast quesadilla, one without bacon for myself, and we waited about 20 minutes after we placed our order and munched on the trio of salsa's in front of us. For those who don't like spicy food - STAY AWAY FROM THE orange salsa. My husband can't handle spice and he mistakenly thought that might be a mango salsa and he was wrong. It was incredibly spicy even to me and I loooove my spicy food. We were both pleased with our meal and the portion siize of these quesadillas are enough to feed 2 people easily. 

I will be back mainly for the lovely patio, but I also want to give their lunch and/or dinner menu a try.