Bahía Centro America Restaurant is the place to go to get your fritanga on in Las Vegas. 

What is fritanga? I'm glad you asked... 

A fritanga (pronounced--free- tan- ga -- yes, roll that R ...) is the common name used for restaurants that make authentic home-cooked  Nicaraguan foods in an open-air/street food type of environment. The staple foods at a Nicaraguan fritanga include: Gallo Pinto (rice and beans), carne asada (grilled meat), tostones (fried sliced green plaintain), platano frito (fried ripe plaintain)/maduros (sweet plaintain), yuca, queso frito (fried cheese), and a cabbage salad. 

I was raised on fritanga on my many visits to Yambos in Miami, Florida (look it up) and on frequent trips to Nicaragua. The hubs and I hunted this little charmer down to fill up on fritanga goodness.  We ordered.....

Dine In...

(2) Fritanga de res (gallo pinto- rice and beans, sweet plantains, crispy plantain chips, fried cheese, cabbage salad, and carne asada- skirt steak) for $12.99 a pop.
 
(2) Cacaos ( a sweet chocolaty milk drink that has a more bitter taste than normal chocolate milk since they use real cacao bean shavings/powder to make it)

And To Go..

(1) Salvadoran 'quesadilla' cake (sweet dessert corn bread/ pound cake hybrid that is often found in local panaderías in El Salvador)

We were very happy with this unassuming location. Let me be clear: There are no frills to this spot and it is not '5 star' dining.  However, the food was legit, authentic, and cooked with care. The fritanga was  good and the hubs really loved the flavorful steak. I gobbled down my plantains, gallo pinto, and queso frito lickity split. Our plates were licked clean in no time. This was a true sign we would be back. We even grabbed an El Salvadorian treat to go which we will enjoy warmed up with our coffees tomorrow morning. Our server was sweet and we had a good experience.

Note- rating is focused on food and service. The location and decor is a bit underwhelming-- I still will return for the food.