I give it a 3 1/2 stars.

If I do have the hankering for a semi-authentic Mexican burrito, I'll usually hit up this Chipotle.  Let's face it folks, it's a CHAIN...come in, get food, get out!  They run the business model this way to keep traffic up at a steady pace.  I venture to find most Chipotles are busy during the lunch break times of day.  Of course!  It's fast, simple, and tastes good.

Easy-peasy ordering at Chipotle.  Pick a burrito, bowl, salad, or tacos (crispy or soft).  Choose your carbs: cilantro-lime rice (white or now brown), black or pinto beans.  Pick a meat: grilled chicken or steak, barbacoa (shredded beef), carnitas, or veggies.  Then add your fixings:  choices of a number of salsas, guacamole, cheese, sour cream, and romaine lettuce.  Pick a drink, decide if you want chips and salsa or chips and guacamole.  Or a cerveza!  On average, you should be in and out of the ordering process in less than 30 seconds.  They be fast!  Think - more people per hour, more money made.  Beautiful.

Chipotle boasts being a responsible eatery - they try to use fresh, local ingredients, as well as outsource proteins that are hormone-free.  That is a great marker, but of course, it comes at a price.  An entrée will set you back an average of $6-7.  That's one pricey burrito!  But I guess it's OK to be green sometimes.  Honestly, the way I build a burrito, it's enough for TWO people to share.  Cheap date!

I stick with my basic fave:  burrito with grilled chicken or steak (steak if I'm not feeling cheap), brown rice, black beans, pico de gallo, tomatillo salsa, a dash of corn salsa, cheese, sour cream, and EXTRA lettuce.  By the time that sucker is ready to be folded, it looks like a mini football.  Touchdown!  It's pretty hard for them to fold, in fact, many a tortilla has been ripped because of my order.  I don't care, that's how I like it.  Fatty.

The flavors are good when everything on the line is fresh.  I like the marinade they use on their meats, leaves them juicy and tender.  But two things I really like about Chipotle:

1) Coca-Cola products!  Yes!
2) Their Tabasco stocked hot sauce bar.  Regular, Jalapeno, and Chipotle Tabasco sauces?  So tasty with your meal!  Adds another dimension of flavor and heat.

Chipotle - your McDonald's of the 'gourmet' burrito world!  In fact at one time they really were owned by McDonald's.