It was pouring when we came here, but yet it was super busy. My two friends and I came on a Sunday night, around 6:30 or so and someone held the door for us and welcomed us in. It was really dark inside, which made it kind of difficult to read the menu (the words were small too) but the booths were comfy, it was warm and the music was good. We were given chips, salsa and beans while we waited for our server. 

My friends ordered a large margarita which was surprisingly good and very strong. After our server took our drink orders and dropped off our waters, he disappeared for 10 minutes. I am not exaggerating, waiting 10 minutes to order is not acceptable. My friends were sure he forgot about us. 

Finally, we were able to order our food but by then we had already filled up on chips and salsa (the busboy refilled it for us twice already). Instead of ordering the chicken enchilada, chicken taco and tamale combo I got the beef enchilada and tamale combo instead. My friends stuck with their steaks, one ordered the Cola steak and not sure what my other friend ordered. 

We were all given a tomato based soup to start off with. My friend said that it usually tasted better, and was kind of bland today. I tried it, and it did taste a bit watered down, I added some salt and pepper to it but didn't care for it much. 

My friends ordered guacamole, which was made table side. One guacamole was used along with probably half of a tomato... was it worth the $8? Not so sure, but it WAS good.

The steaks and my combo came with rice and beans, my friends' steaks were supposed to come with tortillas but they didn't and by the time the server checked up on us, they didn't want them anymore. The beef enchilada was filling, lots of shredded beef and it wasn't too salty! I was too full to try my tamale but did get a bite of my friends' steaks. Both were very soft, and well seasoned. I didn't like the cola steak because it reminded me of a cola flavored bbq sauce that was overly sweet. 

Unfortunately since we filled up on chips, we only had a couple bites of our food and asked for the rest to be boxed up. Our server wasn't around much, but the busboy was amazing and very attentive. He boxed up our food, tableside and was the person refilling our chips and waters. 

Our server came by, asked us if we wanted dessert and we said no, just the check. Then, he left somewhere, and a few minutes later came back to ask us if we wanted dessert again. 

It was a 25 minute drive from my place, but I wanted to come here because my friends raved about it. After my initial experience, I don't think I'll be coming back here anytime soon and will just stick to someplace closer to me.