I have eaten at this location three different times and unfortunately do not have much good to say. 

One time our waitress completely forgot about our table. She took our drink order and did not come back for 30 minutes. When she did come back, she told us that she forgot about us and that we could leave if we wanted to. We thought the comment about leaving was very strange and it made us feel like she didn't want us to eat there. This waitress still works there, by the way.

Tonight I ordered the Naked Fajita, which is under the "Fajitas" section. The description under the "Fajitas" header says that all fajitas are served on a skillet and served with rice, beans, tomato and avocado. The Naked Fajita description says it is served with a side of lettuce to use as wraps.

When I got my fajita, it was not served on a skillet. It did not have rice, beans, avocado or tomato. I questioned the waitress. She left to ask someone about it and came back and told me that the Naked Fajita did not come with any of that stuff. I told her that the menu said it did. She left and came back again with a take-out menu (which is not what I looked at when I ordered... I looked at the regular menu that was given to me by the hostess), where it says in italics that the Naked Fajita did not come with rice and beans. I told the waitress that this statement was not on the regular menu, and she replied that the dish didn't come with rice and beans.

Oooookay. So then I told her that really the main thing I wanted was the fresh avocado. No where on either menu did it state that this was NOT included on the Naked Fajita. She told me that the avocado only comes with all of the other fajitas, but not the naked one. What??? Finally I just asked for a side of guacamole, which I paid $2 extra for.

Based on my experience, I think this restaurant has horrible customer service. I will never eat here again.

UPDATED: After my review, the owner of this business contacted me apologizing for my experience. Because of this, I've upgraded my rating from 1 star to 3 stars.