the bf and finally decided to brave the LR to go downtown...well to get out of the house. i tried recommending some places i liked along the rail to hit up for lunch, but he was set on trying something new for our "journey of personal discovery" as we had began referring to our LR adventure.
got off at jefferson/washington and central/first ave since there's plenty of lunch spots. right away i honed in on thai elephant, a place i wanted to try out, but since we were in that off between lunch and happy hour time downtown, it was closed for another hour. continued to meander til we found matador. $9 enchiladas isn't normally my take on mexican food, but the $10 pitcher of margaritas sold us.
for quite possibly the first time in my life, i was not in the mood for mexican food. i can't explain. fortunately this place has alternatives, but more than like the usual one burger on every mexican menu (i always wondered who goes to a mexican restaurant and orders a burger - damn, i was gonna be one of those people? i wasn't sure how i felt about this) but they also had like french dips, and tuna sandwiches and gyros?!?! i guess since it's downtown they're going for a "catch-all" crowd of lunchers. i braved the gyro - a risky move, but i banked on "homemade cucumber dressing" that came with it.
shocking - it was delicious. the pita was toasty golden, with plenty of thinly sliced, bacon shaped pieces of gyro, along with onion, tomato, pickle (weird) and fries. the food came out literally two minutes after we ordered, so it was HOT and good. the BF got the colorado burrito (when he asked the server, who seemed out of sorts and older - maybe the manager called in to replace a no show?, she seemed confused by his calling it exactly as it appeared on the menu, then said "oh, the burro." look lady, a burrito and a burro is the same goddamn thing, condensend me, man...)
anyway, he ate the whole damn plate of enormous burrito and said it was good, but the "chili"-like filing she described he compared to dinty moore. ouch. well, my gyro from a mexican place was delicious, so we'll call it at wash at2.5 stars? was three, knocked a star because the margaritas had little to no tequila and was a waste of $10, got another half a star back bc that was seriously a delicious gyro sandwich.