I guess it's too late to try Acapulco Bay that was in the same location.  Apparently not enough other people tried it either.  But La Escondida has moved in.  I'm really hoping the garish ginormous trees complete with faux fern growing out the sides are leftovers from the Bay.  It would be sad to think someone's investment went toward that.  Also interesting they have tablecloths and cloth napkins and some fairly decent liquors (single barrel Jack, Sapphire, Grey Goose), but served a Gentleman's Tea in a tequila emblemed glass and soft drinks in plastic.  Hopefully, the glassware was leftover as well.

Never letting poor decor detract from what might be a good meal, I excitedly opened my menu.  I was ready for some Cinco de Cuatro grub.  Not the typical burritos and chimichangas menu I was expecting.  I was also not expecting to see Asian and Italian dishes on the back page of the menu.  I steered clear of those and went with Mexican fare.

Thick tortilla chips and salsa were served.  The chips are clearly made in-house judging by the nice coat of grease.  Unfortunately, they were not hot.  The salsa was more like a slightly chunky hot sauce, quite good.  My husband ordered two entrees, thinking one was an appetizer, or at least that's his story.  The shrimp tacos (3 for $9.50) were not lacking in shrimp and served on very good corn tortillas.  While the shrimp was cooked perfectly, we agreed the sauce the shrimp was in could have been better. 

Entree number two for him was lamb chops ($20).  I didn't sample this one, but he did say it was excellent.  Perhaps he will write a review someday.  I ordered the pork with green chile ($8.50).  I thought it had just a little too much salt and was a little on the sour side for my taste (my husband did not agree and thought it was excellent), but the pork was extremely tender and it was spicy.  The beans and rice were both quite good.  The rice was nicely seasoned without the typical tomato sauce base.

Deserving of more than 3 stars in my book, but not quite 4 based on my first visit.    Also should mention there are a couple poker tables available should you and your party prefer to play cards rather than talk to each other.