After hitting up the bank to sign some paper work, I wanted to stop by the Biltmore for a quick lunch and had Paradise Bakery in mind.  As I was making my way through, I encountered a new facade with Southwestern designs that I have never seen before.  "Cool!" as I exclaimed to myself. 

It looked intriguing enough that I went in to ask the hostess for a menu.  After gazing around for a few minutes, the Chimichanga Entrée caught my attention! Content I was! j'adore Chimis!

After being seated in the, rather blandish, outdoor patio area with mistifiers cooling away, I put in my order: a Chimi and an Arnold Palmer.

Not too long, my waitress brought out some cool, fresh salsa and chips.  Nothing too dazzling, quite ordinary.  Chips were crispy, oily, and a tad salty.  Arnold palmer seemed to lack both the sweetness and citrus.

Now come the Chimi with a side of rice and beans.  Typical Mexican, you would think right? Well, up until I took my first bite into the rice! Puzzled face I was--like an Anime character.  I steadily kept taking small bites after small bites, analyzing what in the heck I was eating.  Generally, it was just sweet and overpowering what I would think a Mexican rice should be.  The corn bits probably only enhanced the sweetness further! The waitress confirmed honey was used but I initially guessed coconut!

The beans with pieces of bacon was just simple and watery.  At first, it seemed to have that smoky, cowboy-ish hint to it, but fell short of a decent side.

The Chimi was quite underwhelming in its overall taste.  What blanketed this deep-fried burrito were green chili (tasteless for the most part), drizzle of this sweet white cream (unsure of what), and some white cheese (unsure).  The tortilla shell was crisped enough and the chicken shred lacked the savoriness that I would have expected from a true Mexican joint.

Nothing made sense to me! Where was the Mexican? I tried very hard to find the positive in my meal.  I quit half way to be honest.  I hate to mention this, but I did garbled some of what I chewed back out to my plate.  Overall, it missed the savoriness that would have saved the meal.  I desperately wanted Tabasco sauce like it was the end of the world, but unfortunately it was too late.

I explained my calm, analytical dining experience to my waitress and she was very understanding and was fine with removing the item from the bill.  5-stars for that.

I really am unsure of returning as first impression is a pretty big deal to me.  The happy hour menu did not look that appealing either.

I guess the question is, how much can you expect out of Mexican-esque establishment that sits on a Fashion Park?  Heed, heed, heed this review.