This review is for their Restaurant Week 2011 menu:

Pink Taco has only one meal for RW 2011 - breakfast.  It's a three course meal.  The food was good - nothing special, the service was great, the timing of the courses was awful (I don't believe it was the server's fault.)

A three course breakfast should be like any multi-course meal--brought out as individual plates at appropriate intervals.  This was not the case at the Pink Taco for their RW breakfast.

The first course was a hand made breakfast parfait - coconut granola with yogurt and fresh berries.  It came in a good sized bowl with a good amount of fresh fruit including mango bits, raspberries, blackberries, and kiwi.  I don't believe the granola was coconut granola.  Rather, there were slivers of fresh coconut on top the parfait.  This was quite tasty but nothing exceptional.  The problem came as I was eating the breakfast parfait.  I had eaten about 1/3 of the parfait, when a different server brought me course two - the hot foods of the breakfast sampler.

Course two - a breakfast sampler.  Their RW 2011 menu describes it like this:  Mexican Breakfast Trio - Tasting portions of Huevos Rancheros, Chilaquiles, and Grilled Carne with House made Tortillas and Pappas y Chorizos.  Now I had a large parfait, partially eaten and a large plate of Mexican breakfast tastes.  (See the photo here which shows the parfait off to one side to make room for another plate of food.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d4qwVw4PcN-_2mK2o1Ro1g?select=tjU_kv_9kwnv8hF2rpcUgQ )  The sampler was tasty especially the chilaquiles.  The carne was just OK.  I really liked the huevos rancheros.

Next service problem - as I was about 3 minutes into course two, the original server brought out course 3 which consisted of 4 sopapillas with a strawberry compote.  Another warm dish that needed to sit until I could get to it.

As for course three, the sopapillas were good.  I didn't taste any honey in the fruit compote as the RW menu stated, but the pillow was just warm and the strawberry was OK.  I ate one sopapilla only.

Thoughts:  someone at Pink Taco needs to give some thought to this menu.  It's way TOO much food for one person.  For the food I got, the price of $20.11 was quite a bargain.  However, since I sent back a good portion of it rather than pig out, it really wasn't a bargain.  And, someone at Pink Taco needs to think out the way they deliver a multi-course meal like this.  If they do this breakfast menu again, I'll bring a friend or three, and we'll split the food and all will be satisfied.  My server, Paulina, was a very pleasant woman.  She refilled my coffee when it needed.

Sitting on the patio was quite nice especially since I was the only person there.  However, they really shouldn't offer patio seating when they're landscapers working on the grounds and using loud and smelly leaf blowers.  It didn't last long, and I did enjoy sitting out and watching some pool critters go by with their bikinis.  Oh to be young again!

This was one of the hardest reviews to write.  Overall I enjoyed my meal, the surroundings, and Paulina.  But, someone at Pink Taco needs to rethink their menu.  A cup of granola, smaller tasting portions, one, maybe two sopapillas and I'd have been a happy camper all around!