My boufriend and I go to Nacho Daddy frequently because the nachos are great and the margaritas always make us happy. Today we went to Nacho Daddy after a long day of moving from henderson to the other side of town. The waitress that helped us was okay. Not as friendly and sociable as the our favorite, but it was cool. my boyfriend ordered the Buffalo chicken nachos and I ordered the tofu nacho. We also ordered the frozen house margarita. The food was deliciousness. We both finished our plates which is normal for the boyfriend, but rare for me because I become full easy. We didn't finish all of the margarita so when it was time to pay the bill we asked our waitress for togo cups with lids so that we could enjoy our margarita at home, but to our surprise the waitress tells us no because it is illegal. Her exact words were "no that's totally illegal". Okay... well that is a surprise to me and my boyfriend because our other waiter and waitress allow us to take it home in togo cups with lids. Then she once again was like "that's crazy and so illegal" and then had the audacity to ask me who my last waiter and waitress was that allowed me to take it home like I would tell her so that she could get them in trouble?! 
So here is the deal. I know that it is illegal to drive with an open container of alcohol in my car. I am an adult and I make my own choices. My problem is for one: obviously the staff isn't on the same page so that needs to be corrected and two: if I pay $22 to $32 for a pitcher of Margarita... do not tell me that I can't take it home!! It is not your problem if I get pulled over. On top of that, the togo cups that this place gives are white with no logo on the cup or lid. 
If I were to order a bottle of wine and ask to take it home because I didnt finished it, the resaurant is allowed to re-cork the bottle and I can take it, so I should be able to do that with any alcohol I purchase. Especially if I ask for a togo cup with a lid and no straws AND I HAVE NEVER BEEN TOLD NO BEFORE!
Word of advice to the restaurant, make sure all of your staff is on the same page because if each waiter or waitress that I have had let's me take home my Margarita but one doesn't because she wants to be the legal police, you obviously have a problem and should either retrain all of the staff or fire the one that thinks she is the legal police.
Once again... I know what I am allowed to do and not do in my car... so I don't expect some random person to make my decisions for me because they think that they can. 
Other than that... the food is amazing :)