Interesting place....

Stopped in here for lunch and was immediately greeted and asked if I wanted samples of the meats. I accepted and at first thought, "Meh, it's okay..."  

I did a three taco plate and decided to try one of each (chicken, pork and steak). It works kinda like chipotle where you pick if you want rice, beans, etc now we get to the salsa picking - I don't remember the specific names of them but I had the verde with the steak and pork and had the corn salsa with the chicken. The pork was still "meh" but those salsas transformed the steak and chicken into something really tasty!  I was very surprised actually that the combination of flavors vs. just the meat tasting was so different.  Later, the perhaps owner or manager came by to ask how things were going and plopped another salsa on my table and said to try it.  Very complimenting as well.  So, food is very good I would say.

Now, why I gave it three stars in lieu of four - the place was only 1/3rd full but almost every table needed to be bussed so finding a suitable clean table to sit at made me choose a less desire able spot (small table in the sun for a semi big guy with an ipad, napkin dispenser, little sign and food on a tray to share all the same spot).  The salsa plopped down while having great flavor was sticky on the outside of the bottle and I hate sticky fingers etc.  So, I would have probably given 3 1/2 stars in lieu of 3 if these dynamics were different - however, not the end of the world.

One other thing worth mentioning, although I got one of each style of taco to make my three taco plate, the 3 steak tacos are like a buck more than the chicken or pork and I got charged for 3 steak ones.  I'm not sure how else they would have done that anyway since they don't have an option for one of each, so I'm ok with it - just be prepared if you go that route.  Also, since we're mentioning price, I came back a second time about a week later an didn't get the guac add on a second time around because I thought the charge for it was a bit hefty at $1.65 or so.  I made a big mistake not getting it as the difference was notable in the flavors I remembered from the week before.  So, cough up the dough and get the guac!

Overall, a nice spot that I would go to again.