Cafe Tranquilo is the resurrected Gallo Blanco in the Clarendon Hotel. The hotel opened this restaurant in a hurry after the owner of Gallo left in a dispute with the hotel owner. As a result, this place seems very similar to Gallo Blanco, but they are obviously still getting going, and it's certainly not the same place. 

The menu seems to include a lot of the same items as Gallo, but as we discovered, they are now different recipes. Why confuse regular Gallo customers like this? The Posole, for example, was an old favorite at Gallo Blanco, but when the Tranquilo staff brought it to our table, it was green, instead of the usual brown-red. Tasted pretty good, but was certainly not the same. The tacos: we had shrimp (they were out of fish), chicken, and pork belly, were tasty, but sort of dry, and not delivered in the expected steel rack like Gallo did, but just flat on a plate. They too were not how I remember them from Gallo. Why include the same menu items that regulars are used to, if you're going to cook them differently?

One thing that hasn't changed (but should!) is drink prices: $11 for a martini is just too steep (this isn't LA or Manhattan). $5 for a beer is OK. We weren't given a drink menu or told of any specials. 

The staff was still a bit confused, and the service was slow (water refills were missing unless they came to the table for something else). But I'll chalk that up to the rushed re-opening. Although I thought these are all the same staff?

It's still the same location, same room, and much of the same decor, but it seems the Gallo owner made off with a random assortment of the art, so the walls are more bare and less interesting than before. They also seemed to remove a few tables, so there's more room, but it also feels less exciting than before. 


Overall, it's quite good for a hotel restaurant and good for the neighborhood (we'll be back), but definitely no longer the destination restaurant that Gallo Blanco was. Hopefully more time to settle into will improve things.