A delightful Mexican Eatery has opened in Village Square, and I'm shelling out a strong 3 stars (or a weak 4 stars if your glass is half full of tequila!)

Chinita is a full-service, sit-down Mexican Restaurant with a pleasant atmosphere on the inside.  We came in for lunch and shared several items in order to report back to you as thoroughly as possible.

In general, everything we had here was good, but nothing really amazed us.  Our favorite was the carnitas.  We enjoyed them in some tacos, but it was the meat's flavor and preparation that impressed, and I would feel confident ordering carnitas in any option that you fancy.  We also really liked the order of Chinita's en Cazuela (fajitas,) we had the asada variation.  The lunch order is a  1/2 order and is ample to fill you up, as all lunch items come with soup or salad.  We tried both of their soups...a corn tortilla and an albondigas.  The soups were both right on the mark and enjoyable...I shy away from soups a lot in Mexican places because they are often overly salty...these were both tasty and balanced.  We also shared an enchilada, which was good.

Our least favorite aspect of the Chinitas was the salsa.  We are both fans of salsa...especially hot & flavorful ones.  The normal salsa is mild, and not particularly strong in flavor...we quickly asked if they had a hotter salsa.  The salsa they brought out next was a habanero based salsa.  This one had good heat, but was pasty, and vinegary...not too enjoyable, but leaning towards a thick Cholula sauce.  Finally we asked if they had a green salsa.  They brought out a fresh, sweat salsa that lacked the heat normally associated with a tomatillo salsa.  This salsa was my favorite of the lackluster bunch, but left me wanting some heat and boldness...I think my little niece may very well enjoy it though.  

It was lunch...on a workday...so we didn't partake in any specialty beverages, but they seemed to have the normal array of margaritas, tequilas, beers, etc. that you would find at any decent Mexican Restaurant.

I wouldn't go out of my way to come back, but I would stop in again if I was in the area and wanting some Mexican food.