Let me just say this: if it weren't for a few little things, I'd probably give this place four stars. But for now, after my initial visit, it's a pretty solid three stars and a big ol' thumbs up for the tasty food.

It was difficult getting to this place, so I understand why the Groupon is out there; it's a great way to get people motivated to visit. The restaurant seems really tucked away, but since it's so close to the baseball fields, I'm assuming it can get a bit more crowded when there's ball being played. We laughed at the cute signs in the parking lot nudging people further in towards the entrance.

We weren't really greeted by the waitress - it seemed like their staff was just sitting around, waiting for people to come in - but she was nice and did a decent job, though her attitude was very casual and she seemed like she didn't care all too much. It would be another story if her nonchalant attitude actually got in the way of service, but there were no problems.

We ordered a few house margaritas and they were okay. Not great. I didn't expect them to be great and half-off is half-off, so why not?

I ordered the Shrimp & Cheese Quesadilla and a cup of Creamy Poblano Soup. When the soup came out, it was quite a surprise to see how very big the portion was! It was definitely more like a bowl. I ended up taking home half of the quesadilla because there was so much soup and the quesadilla was pretty big, too.

I liked the food, but it's definitely not health food - at least not the items I ordered. My parents each ordered a burrito and my dad was a big fan of his while my mother wasn't so sure about hers. Honestly I think she was just being picky because I thought all of the food was tasty.

The little things that bugged me were minor points individually but together take off a star. The many flies at the restaurant bugged me and were annoying. I don't like when sit-down Mexican restaurants charge for chips and salsa, either; that should be a freebie, especially if you are light on the sides that come with entrees. Those factors, plus the nonchalant waitress and the meh margarita make me a little less inclined to give a higher rating. Furthermore, the music was too loud. Just a notch down would've been a great improvement.

I would still go back, though, as some of their menu items really look good (oh, I wish I'd tried the fajitas!). The decor is really neat, too, and I'd love to go when the place is hopping.