Was pleasantly surprised by this place.  It's a great spot to grab a bite before a show at Crescent Ballroom.  Expect it to be loud if a show has already started, but you'll still appreciate the atmosphere.  Old movies play on the wall, the bar is accessible, and, if it's not too hot, there's a sizable patio.  On our first visit, we waited longer than we'd like for service and menus after seating ourselves.  After flagging down a busboy, he delivered on his promise to get our server over quickly and came back to explain that they'd just had a rush of close-outs.  Once our server appeared, we ordered two cocktails:  a Coronado Ice Water and a Honey Badger.  The Honey Badger, a tasty mix of whiskey, lime, and ginger beer, was great but the Coronado Ice Water was a little hard to stomach - too sour and not enough flavor to complement the taste of tequila.  

We also ordered guacamole and chips as an appetizer and the poquito bean and cheese burrito and al pastor burrito.  Food came out quickly and, in contrast with our initial service, the server came back fairly regularly to check in on us.  The guacamole was delicious, topped with cotija and featuring segments of orange that lend a pleasant sweetness to the guacamole.  The chips were crunchy and thick, perfect for scooping guacamole.  The burritos are by no means the best in the Valley, but are palatable.  They are a good size and well-rolled, making them easy to manhandle.  The tortillas are substantial and have good texture and flavor.  I added rice and jalapenos to the poquito bean and cheese burrito and was pleased to discover the jalapenos were fresh, not pickled.  There was a good balance between the beans, rice, and cheese, but not a lot of spice throughout even with the addition of jalapenos.  In the future, I might try to use salsa or hot sauce to add some flavor.  The al pastor was tender but perhaps a little too sweet; the pineapple flavor is definitely not lost in the mix.  Mixed with refried beans, it makes for a slightly messier, but still manageable, burrito than the poquito,  

Overall, I'd definitely recommend Cocina 10 if you're at Crescent for a show or need a late night bite (they're open until midnight every night), but would not make a point to stop in for food otherwise.  Although the menu bears the stamp of Chefs Chris Bianco and and Doug Robson (Gallo Blanco), it doesn't hold a candle to their own restaurants' fare.