We headed here after picking up a deal from Living Social a few months back. I was looking forward to checking out a new Mexican restaurant in Huntersville, since we had already enjoyed Unica and Monterry. Unfortunately Loco Lime did not surpass these other two, which is probably a good thing since it was the most out of the way for us.

Loco Lime is located in the midst of a strip mall-like area, so there is plenty of parking. The restaurant itself is very off-putting, as it is a small place with cramped tables. I personally like a bit of elbow space between my table and the neighboring tables, and hate it when you are so close that you can hear everyone's conversations, and they can hear yours. Plus all these tables cramped into a small space means that it is very loud inside! The place itself is dark and it was pretty darn cold inside, which is something I haven't come across yet at any other restaurants in the area. We had to wait about a minute before someone came to greet and seat us, and once seated the waitress came right over and took our drink orders. I wanted one of the draft beers listed on the menu, but was shot down when I was told that they don't serve draft beer there. My wife ordered a mojito and it was pretty good, but they used a very crushed mint as opposed to whole mint leaves. This made it so that there was fine chunks of mint floating around (looked like parsley you would buy in a spice bottle) and it would constantly sneak it's way into your mouth while you drank.

The complimentary chips and salsa came out right after our drink orders were placed. The chips were warm and crisp, but the salsa was a bit watery and lacking in the flavor department. My wife ordered the vegetarian enchiladas which were filled with mushrooms, zucchini, corn and plantains. I wasn't as big a fan since I like a bit of meat in my dinner, and I am not a fan of mushrooms at all, but my wife enjoyed it for the most part. 

I ordered the carnitas, which is the dish I use in which to judge any Mexican restaurant I try for the first time. Loco Lime does it a bit differently, and in the end I wasn't impressed. They say they marinade the pork in beer before/while cooking but I definitely didn't get a hint of that. What I did get was a heck of a lot of hot, as there was some kind of hot rub on the pork, including some hot pepper seeds. I'm not usually turned off by heat but it just didn't work with the carnitas. Yeah, they were cooked tender but the pure porky goodness that should have been there was overwhelmed with hot. Taking away from the pork like that instead of complimenting it was a turn-off for me. The rice and beans that came with it were good...nothing to write home about but what you should expect to get at a Mexican restaurant.

Like the three stars say, Loco Lime was A-OK. It wasn't horrible, but the food didn't over the top wow me and I was definitely turned off by the cramped, uncomfortable quarters. If a friend or something was dying to go I would, but with Unica and Monterry nearby I don't see myself going back to Loco anytime soon.