Not doing it for me. At least just me for the great reviews I see here. I am happy to say I did not buy into the hype of everyone giving this place great reviews. This place, for me, is not all it's cracked up to be. Lucky I arrived on a slow night tonight. Okay so here is my reviews of the place. I pass by the place take the turn and walk in. Man that door heavy as f****! The place is spacious and I loved that. I found it pretty cool how they have the meat set up like a deli type thing and the line to pay big as well; I liked that.

  So here I order two tacos de asada and the meat looked good along with the condiments. I was surprised that when he asked me if I wanted everything he didn't put chilly... But I guess you put it aside, but even more surprising than that was the fact that he put avocado on it. I was like, "Thats a twist" I was surprised because I do know some tacos shops that do that, but it was surprising because the Tacos El Gordo in the San Fernando Valley, California both inside and the taco truck don't do that. 

  Screw it lets go with it. I go and order and realize the salsas were inside the fridge, I liked that so everyone won't fight in the snack bar to grab there condiments. Yeah yeah I pay and I also got some lengua tacos aside. Now those did have the O.G. taste. As for mine they were more to be desired. I loved that they packed in the meat. Here we go with the flavor detail... Okay. The tortilla used was the yellow kind I like those so that can slide. The meat of the carne asada had a good flavor, but I felt it needed a little bit more of a way to hold on to the flavor of the meat. I added the "spiciest"  salsa to only to my disillusioned self... that IT... WAS... NOT... SPICY! That blew my mind.

  The thing, I believe, that took off the flavor was the fact that it was inside the fridge. That salsa tasted like nothing, NOT EVEN A HINT OF FLAVOR WAS LEFT! So now imagine this... not your regular corn tortilla with sub par meat with good flavor topped off with boring salsa and flavorless avocado. I thought when they added the avocado it was going to have a kick to it, or if that didn't have a kick to it it would have been the taco itself to rescue the flavor, but no.

  So I'm just sitting there debating if I should have a different one to change my mind. So I do order another one. The tacos are a little pricy only because of my experience. I order one de adobada. because it says spicy. I get the taco and already am doubting it just because that meat is more pinker that Patrick from sponge bob and the guacamole was watery as fuck... Should guacamole look white/green? Not in my experience, but whatever. I taste it and am automatically turned off. Screw this I am not coming again. The only thing I am grateful for is that they do stuff you good and the seating it great. But I am guessing THIS tacos el gordo have there own distinct flavor in Las Vegas.

  The Gordo I frequently would go had the same type of meat, same type of flavor, but the difference between these and those is that when they flip the meat they don't lightly press down on it. They flip it and  to press down on it a little longer to grab that tighter locked in meat flavor. Even if that meat was the same and the same yellow tortilla it would still taste good. But what doesn't do it for me was the avacado and chilly with yellow tortilla that just added texture than a taco. Over there it was nothing fancy just your salsa outside, room temperature; white corn tortilla and pressed down meat and they were GREAT!

  If you want a little taco flavor with new ingredients added go here, if you want that Mexico street vendure/ establishment taco shop go somewhere else. I got full, but not the good happy full. My who'll deal is that this Tacos El Gordo is different than the one I used to go. More pricier, different ingredients added and different flavor because of it. I have ate tacos for a many years and I do acknowledged they all have their own, but they do not steer away from the main point. I expected more thats all. I would suggest Tacos El Rey and Tacos El Torito they still do it for me. Plus they are cheaper. If I were to know they would be not your average joe I would have not cared.