I have always pass this place on way home from the gym. I figure why not give it try plus another review on my way too one hundred. The menu is pretty extensive for such small place between the plates, mini tacos, and just lot lot more. They even have two separate menus one that has pictures of most of the plate items (all numbered make it easier), the pics nice size so you can easily see them, and get good idea what you would be getting if order it. The regular menu kind of all over the place so if undecided kind of makes decision harder.

 I love my lengua comes too my tacos. So I had too get couple orders of the mini tacos lengua style. I order something off the regular menu burrito and enchilada plate. The lengua thought was ok. They were generous with the amount of protein always good thing in life! It comes with refried beans and chips. The refried beans for me just plain and not very good. It was little more chunkier then normal spots go too when get my taco fix. Just felt like no real flavor too them. The lengua tacos were good but nothing special. The combination plate the enchilada was just that nothing special and the sauce could have had more flavor. Burrito it was OK. Nothing skimpy about it. It packed with shredded meat with some onions and green bell peppers. The meat was moist and overall ok nothing that wowed me. Really the general theme through out my whole meal felt was OKKKK. The price you pay is very reasonable and portion size get your money worth. If in the mood for more authentic mexican food not the place would stop by. If want something quick, easy, and bang for your buck Felipito Mexican is great choice.

Comes too personality nothing better then going too gas station for some mexican food! It located next too the mini mart in the gas station. Ok might not be that original considering they're McDonalds or different mexican restaurants at other gas stations. If nothing for pure entertainment interesting see the people that walk in and out of mini markets?