3 stars might be generous when it comes to the food, but the service was a solid 4 stars and the atmosphere and drinks are 5 star which is what made me bump this up to a 3. 

Living in North Scottsdale, I don't venture down to old town very often, but when I do it's to try a new place to eat. I've heard a mix of things about this place and decided to try it out with a couple of friends. As I stated above, the service and ambience are great, as are the margaritas! 

Chips and salsa are not standard, they'll set you back an extra $6, but they do have what I gathered to be a "tortilla of the day" type situation and that's given freely and in a generous portion!

Let's get to the meat and potatoes of my issue (literally), myself and one other person ordered the Sonoran Meatloaf, which on the menu sounds phenomenal. The plates arrived and looked very nice, though the bacon that's wrapped around it was burnt to a crisp, literally black and bitter. I didn't mind and peeled it away from my meatloaf and started in on the asparagus, sadly it was over cooked and under seasoned, lacking any true flavor and being limo and borderline mushy at the top, but woody and tough at the bottom. No matter I told myself, the meatloaf and mashed potatoes looked delicious...LOOKED, but sadly they too were a disappointment. The meatloaf was very mushy, which commonly happens when there is too much filler (eggs or bread crumbs), the mashed potatoes were basically glue and the theme continued of a lack of seasoning! Normally I'll season food myself at the table (which never can save a dish, but at least helps) but they had no seasoning on the table, no salt or pepper. I can understand this in a restaurant of a certain caliber, when the chef has a deft hand with seasoning and additional flavor as an after thought aren't needed. 

The other person at our table got the tacos platter, I was impressed with the assortment of protein (shrimp, steak and chicken) he was slightly disappointed that it was served fajitas style instead of crispy tacos. He did eat them and said that the dish was alright! 

Overall if you're down for a cozy little place with a huge outdoor patio and tasty drinks, this is your place. If you are like me and look for those plus a great culinary experience, you'll leave a little disappointed.