Lunchtime in Phoenix is too saturated by mid-level Mexican restaurants to try a random place and risk the possibility of it being 'just average'.  Luckily, I am your voice on the streets, who will do exactly this kind of thing, especially since I work in So Pho and most of the restaurants down south are mama-y-papa variations of similar Sonoran fare.  

La Salsitas used to be a Taco Bell before they wrapped up shop and moved in with their unlikely bed-mate, Long John Silvers.  Good thing, because this restaurant is a large promotion over steam-pressed quesadillas and oily heat-lamp chips ... though I digress.

I walked up to the counter, greeted by a friendly attendant, and waited for her to shoot first; was this gonna be a Spanish dialogue or did she recognize my American Apparel gear?

"Hola!"

"Hola."

"Bregueareareaopoaludlauoposadaeaopoaludlauoposadaadaeaopoa ..."

"Oh.  Can I have a Pollo Asado Burrito, and does that come with rice and beans?"

"Ah, yes, it does."

"Bueno."

I make my way over to their salsa bar, which is impressive.  Very cool.  They had pico, salsa verde, and the benchmark of any proud Mexican joint, salsa rojo.  I grab a mini-Dixie cup of all three.  Score.  I also notice that as is typical of genuine Mexican dives, they have the assortment of random veggies and peppers.  One of the tins had a jalapeno, serrano, and carrot mix and another tin had sliced radishes.  For what the purpose this served was, I don't know, but it totally reassured my choice of lunch this day.

La Salsitas tortillas are hand-made, though I found them slightly too flaky.  I usually prefer my tortillas a bit chewier.  Still, they were fresh and complimented my polla asada beautifully.  The chicken was charred 'just right', and they filled the burrito with plenty of guac.  Yum.  Something worth mentioning is their inclusion of sour cream as a side on your plate.  This is becoming more and more of a rarity in Mexican restaurants, for whatever reason, so it was a welcome sight.

The beans were perfect.  Refried and goo'ed up with white cheese.  The rice was tasty too, but had a mass-produced rigidity to the grains.  The flavor was tip-top tho.

Coincidentally, La Salsitas salsa's were very fresh and delicious.  I preferred the pico and the verde to the rojo, as it was a little too pasty and not fiery enough, but still pretty good.

Also of note, La Salsitas serves the most insane looking licuados, which had me clutching myself for fear of asking for a quick keg-stand or maybe even making a 'licuado run'.  Their strawberry looked frothy and delicious (and as mentioned in another review, Mexis LOOOVE their fresa), as did the melon.  They also had horchata.  It was hard not to get one as my drink, but, for me, its too difficult to drink something akin to a dessert as my gullet cleanser.  I stuck with a Dr Pepper instead.

They also had an impressive dessert display with pies, flan, and other pastry.  

If you like most of the average Mexican food in the Valley, there is a good chance you will enjoy La Salsitas.