I want SO badly to give Crescent Ballroom a 5-star review, because really it is nearly a 5-star place.

First off, the concert venue is perfect for Phoenix.  It is small enough to be extremely intimate, yet large enough that you don't feel cramped and can step away almost enough to have a conversation while the music is loud.  Drinks are reasonably priced, and there are 2 bars that generally don't have a huge wait.  Did you say you could buy a burrito to eat during the concert? Heck yes!  The sound quality and lighting are both pretty good, and they bring in great local acts.  I think they have a concert nearly every night of the week, and tickets are rarely expensive.

Second, the lounge area is pretty awesome.  There is never a cover to get in, and you can generally hear the concerts from there as well.  Most nights there is a DJ that plays some pretty sweet music, and people seem to always be happy.  There are a number of high-tops and tables if you want to chill, and by midnight people tend to create a little dance floor.

I don't have much experience with the food here, but the burrito I had was pretty good and I've heard good things.  Check that out for yourself.

So, why only 3 stars?  The big reason is the smoking.  Crescent has a sizable patio area in the front of the building, and it draws quite the hipster crowd.  I love hipsters.  But I hate hate hate how much they smoke.  Every single person on the patio is smoking at all times.  The problem here?  The patio has giant doors that open the lounge up to the outside, and the hipsters are essentially smoking inside.  Not in 2012, not in my book.  It kills me.

Reason number two for the star-deduction: what is wrong with the grapefruit juice here?  I've been told by every bartender that it's fresh-squeezed, and I have no reason to doubt that.  But seriously, there is something major wrong with it.  I've tried it with all of my favorite vodkas, and it just fails each time.

So, here's what you do.  Drop by one night, they're open until 2am every night.  Check out a concert if you can, for $10 who really cares if you know them or not.  Grab a drink at the bar and stay as far from the patio as you can.  And grab an Odell IPA, they never disappoint.