We're having trouble deciding whether we like El Gran Tacquito or Villa's better.....  They're literally right across the parking lot from each other, they offer somewhat similar menus, and I thought I heard that the owners were related.  But they also seem different.

My son and I have tried Villa's twice now, having taken my wife on the last visit, and have tried the following:

Beans (in burrito and as a side) -- decent beans and cheese, as well as a tasty red salsa on the side that goes well with them.

Chips -- freshly fried tortilla chips are the best and for some reason rare in these smaller Mexican restaurants.  Villa's has them.

Guacamole -- quite good, actually; a nice balance of the lime, cilantro, onions/garlic in a creamy avocado base.  Highly recommended.

Chicken Burrito -- also quite good.  My wife thinks this one definitely beats the place across the parking lot.  I think I agree.

Carnitas Burrito -- This is what I ordered on my last visit, and I thought it was excellent.  The pork tasted like it had been slow roasted, a little dry and fatty, but just about right.  And the tortilla, as always, is quite tasty.

Villa's, though, needs a little help with the ambience.  The walls are mostly bare and the sun comes glaring straight through the windows at dinner time.  Only half of each plastic bench/table combo is actually functional when trying to avoid the harsh sunlight.

Otherwise, I'd say that the owners have done a great job in this tiny little space.  But seriously, this is the second Mexican food place to open in Laveen and not offer cervezas on the menu.  I hope the next one to open (I'm sure there will be more) sees this opportunity.

One more note: I did not appreciate being bombarded on Yelp by the owner's messages announcing that Villa's was opening soon.  Also, my first attempt to visit -- after receiving a coupon on my Fry's receipt -- was a failure, as they hadn't yet opened.  Perhaps the owners could work a little harder on future marketing efforts.