I'm kind of torn on the rating here. On one hand, the food was mediocre. But on the other, the items were sexy cheap. 

So the thing that confused me, was this place had the word "gourmet" in its name. But you walk in and its like a Del Taco or Baja Fresh. You order from the counter. You bus your own table. 

You can order ala carte or you can order plate lunch style (one or two items plus refried beans and Spanish rice). They have lots of vegetarian or seafood options, always a plus for me. 

I was also confused about the service. I think it was supposed to be a strictly order-from-the-counter, get-your-own-fountain-drink kind of place, but because it was so slow, the counter help was more attentive and accommodating. 

I ordered a two-item combo, $8 or $9. I wanted to try the chile relleno and a gourmet eggplant parmesan tamale. My bf ordered a two-item combo as well, but he got a chile relleno and gourmet pork tamale. Our other friend just got the chile relleno, her favorite, she said. The chile relleno by itself was cheap, less than $4. 

After we put in our order, the counter girl came back to tell us there was only one chile relleno left, so of the three we ordered, two would have to be subbed out. So I sacrificed mine and my friend did, too. I ordered a fish puffed taco instead. 

Then she came back and told me they "found more chile rellenos" so we could all have our chile rellenos again. But I said I'd stick with the fish taco and just try a bite of my bf's chile. Then she came back out again and said they didn't have the eggplant parmesan. So I reverted back to the chile. I thought it was a little scary that they lost food and then found it. 

While you wait, they serve chips and there's a salsa bar. 

The food was well worth the price. The I've had better on the chile relleno, but then again, I did only pay $8 for a plate. The chile was pretty standard chile relleno. The puffed taco was a'ight. It was like a little taco salad on a flat, puffy corn tortilla. My only gripe with that item was the shredded cabbage was kind of not well shredded and clumsy. 

The only dessert they had was sopapillas. In one order, you get six small sopapilla triangles, no filling, with cinnamon and sugar and honey to dip. It wasn't great, but it was only $3-something. 

We actually hit this place up to meet with some business partners. The music was a little too loud to carry on a serious conversation. But my bf asked the counter girl if she could turn the volume down un poquito and she obliged. 

I would not go out of my way to try this place. I'd hit it up out of convenience. But I'd rather come here than Del Taco. 

* off-the-strip, non-casino.