I know there are some people here that are gonna disagree with this review, but I'm just not a big fan of this place.  Their drinks are expensive, the wait staff does not put a lot of effort in making the customer happy (in my experience) and it's tough to grab their attention.  Plus I thought the food is overall about average in my opinion.  I expected more from this place, especially after having read some of the glowing reviews on here.

Went here for the first time about 6 or 7 months ago on a mini bar crawl of sorts and had a round of tequila shots with two friends.  I can't recall the tequila we had but it wasn't particularly tasty.  I think we paid $7 per shot, which was a bit higher than I was anticipating.  We all got kind of a cold vibe from the bartender and later discussed this fact amongst ourselves.  We payed for the shots and bounced within 5 minutes of being there.  About the interior - the indoor bar area was pretty dimly lit (it was around 9 or so from what I recall) and the small bar hangout area had a bunch of hipster-esque folks lingering about amongst themselves in little clusters.

The next time I went here was about 6 weeks ago with a larger group of friends.  I was really hoping to like this place on the second go-around, which was on a Tuesday evening for happy hour.  Their special is $4 margaritas and $4 sangrias, plus $1 off beers.  The margs were served in a mason jar, which sounds cool, but they are some TINY mason jars.  $4 seems maybe an average price for the serving size you get in my opinion.  And the quality of margarita was nothing particularly special either (I got mine on the rocks).  It just seemed bland, and not particularly strong.  I ordered a set of fish tacos (they were half off I believe?) as well, and they were decent but nothing special.  Nothing like what I remember sampling in coastal Baja California Sur (but then again I'm not sure what RCC is trying to emulate here).  Also got a Tijuana street dog which WAS in fact decent.  I mean it's tough to mess up a hot dog, and add some jalapenos, some avocado, bacon, crema, etc. and you've generally got yourself a party!  The chips were also decent and still warm, though I was not a huge fan of their salsa.  I'm tough to please with Mexican food.  I'll blame it on all those Mexican vacations...

I swear I'm gonna give this place one more shot - third time's a charm, right?  I'll try ordering some different entrees and maybe try some different drinks.  And also try their outdoor seating area.  Until this happens, I'm only giving this place a generous three stars for not living up to the hype to date.  I'd like to think they are closer to 2.75/5.