I visited Three Amigos on a recommendation for the Mole Enchiladas. I actually hate Mole, but our out-of-tower guests are huge fans so I decided to suck it up.

We ordered some margaritas which were a mixed bag. Delicious, fresh taste, but completely and totally lacking in alcohol. I was running on bone-dry stomach and even after a large there wasn't even the beginning hint of a buzz. Perhaps they were trying to upsell their half-off tequila shot special for the night?

We ordered our food and let's get the best part of the night out of the way: The mole was freaking amazing. A little spicy, not to sweet, with flavors that were really missing from my previous experiences. I also got a dish with a little thin slab of steak that tasted delicious. It wasn't tender or anything, but when you have a slice that's a couple mm thick you want it to be crusty and salty rather than super soft.

Now to the bad. I got more traditional enchiladas and I'll be honest: I was expecting a heck of a lot more. There were 4 very skinny enchiladas (explaining how the all-you-can-eat special came around), covered with an INSANE amount of lettuce and tasteless cheese, with a little dashing of super bitter onions. Beneath at least 2 inches of filler, the enchiladas were already fighting a losing battle and had virtually nothing to offer anyway. The queso being bland wasn't an issue really, I know it's mostly there for decoration, but the veggies were what sealed the deal.
In addition, the chips that we got were pretty gross. They had some seasoning on them but they were cold and stale. The salsa tasted pretty good, but the cilantro was crushed instead of sliced in big soggy leaves.

I'll also say that the tacos al pastor my neighbor had were determined to be mediocre as well.

It looks like Three Amigos is a neighborhood staple for Plaza Midwood. The problem is that it seems like the hipsters in the neighborhood have given them a pass. "Authenticity" does not have to be a synonym for bland, but it seems like they've carried their name based on just their mole. There needs to be more than a sauce behind a restaurant, and I'm not sure I'll be back.

Final (not inconsequential) point was that service was very friendly and efficient, which saved this rating from 2 stars. Add a little salt and some peppers to your other dishes (though who knows if you can due to regulars) and this place could actually be pretty great.