Yes, I also attended the soft opening.  Everyone there was excited and so friendly.  The actual grand opening is tomorrow so it will be interesting to see how they did.  

We just had to try the guacamole made at the table - the guac-chick was awsome.  They give you all kinds of options while preparing it.  It was fantastic....needed a little salt for my taste but pretty darn good.  Chips light and crispy-homemade.  Salsa just ok.

For entrees we ordered a chicken salad, steak pablano pepper and pork tacos.  All delish!  The chicken salad was full of flavor.  The steak pablano pepper (not sure if that was what it was called) was great.  The pepper stuffed with cheese, shrimp, onions and mushrooms sandwiched by a thin steak.  Wow.  Really wow.  Yum.  The tacos were good and flavorfull too.  My daughter ordered the corn dog (haha-kids) which they served honey mustard with which I thought was weird. lol  

The decor was very blah.  They sat us in the back facing a wall with nothing on it. Odd kind of ambiance.  Kadence was our waitress-she was fabulous!  Like I said everyone was fantastic-on their best behavior still learning everything and getting to know each other but seemed like a good future team. ;)

The best thing was the BROWNIE!  They said it takes SIX yes SIX hours to make!  What???  They prepare the brownie with some kind of cream sauce and ice cream on a skillet right at your table.  Unbelievable!  It sounded like alot of their desserts were specially made like that - at the table.  Very "special" kind of dessert.  I only planned to have a couple bites...uh yeah that didnt happen.  hahah  Bet you would say the same and change that thought.

3 stars because they are not opened yet.  We will have to try it one more time to see.  The prices seem a little high-well some on them.  Our bill would have been about $90 with a margarita and a glass of wine.  Its worth a shot at least once.   Not sure when we will be back but if we do I will update this review.  Cheers!