The Mission is one of those places that is so hyped up everyone "loves" it simply because it's the thing to do, the place to be seen, and where the cool kids go. The Mission was on every "top" or "best of" list I read and it was recommended to me by a few people as well. I consider myself to be a fairly cool kid too, and I'm not afraid to be the lone person to say "This place really isn't all that!" 

The ambiance is one thing The Mission has going for them. With its many chandeliers, rich tones, outdoor patios... it's a beautiful establishment. Our server looked like he could be Adam Levine's brother, so needless to say, I was okay with that as well. I really can't comment on his actual service because every time he came to our table, all I could think about was the fact that it felt like we were having a discussion with Mr. Levine himself. 

The food was pretty much a miss for me. Overrated mexican frou frou food is how I would describe it. They had the basics down... the chips and salsa along with our margaritas were good, but those are hard to mess up. Entrees either do not come with a side or with one small side, depending on what you choose. Sides are available a la carte for $6.00 each. My husband wanted the flat iron steak, which came with an extremely small tomatilla salad. He actually had to turn his plate toward me just so I could see it, as it was hidden behind his steak... a sign it was way too small. I tried a bite of his steak, but did not care for it at all. I'm very picky when it comes to meat and this was not lean enough for my liking. Very few items stood out to me on the menu, but I ended up selecting the mahi mahi tacos and a side of poblano grits. The tacos here are also very small. Three come to an order and they are roughly the size of an english muffin when laid out. Here's the funny part: they tasted exactly like the Gorton's fish sticks sandwiches I use to eat as a kid. I didn't like fish sticks and the only way I'd eat them was on bread with cheese and mayo to mask the flavor. It's a bad sign to be reminded of a childhood fish stick sandwich while trying to enjoy $14 tacos from this "exceptional" restaurant. Needless to say, half of my tacos were left on my plate. I did really enjoy the grits, but they should be a supporting cast member, not the star of the show. We did try the pumpkin bread pudding for dessert as well, and it helped save the meal. The pumpkin flavor really shined in this moist dessert.

So now it's up to you. Do you follow the hype, give The Mission a shot, and rave about it with all the other cool kids? Or do you see it for what it truly is? Simply a place to be seen with mediocre and overpriced food.