When I walked in I was greeted quickly and seated. The thing that hit me was I walked all the way to the "back" which was the front of the building. There was a small bar and it was very dim inside for 11am. Perfect for dates. As it was, I was alone - but a lot of decor for me to look at while I waited. I passed another small seating area but I guess that was for overflow.

The waitress was super nice and suggested the guacamole and salsa sampler. I agreed. Salsa? Yes, please! The guacamole was delicious, home made! The green was my favorite, you can definently taste the lemon. The chunky salsa was spicy - perfect. The had a red salsa, but it had that mole taste to it....I dont' like mole. The chips were the regular tortilla chips you can get at the store - the green bag with the man wearing a sombrero...lol..not the best.

I order the Cesina dish. Thinly sliced meat with refried beans, rice and corn tortillas smothered in cheese and enchilada sauce. My first thought was, this is Mexican food? LOL Or am I just used to Filibertos/Juans?

The beef was tasty and not at all chewy like I expected. I was given two slices which was filling. The refried beans were good but the rice came with peas and carrots mixed in. For some reason seeing those little squares of carrots turn me off. Why from the bag? The toritllas reminded me of my dad's enchiladas. He'll take one tortilla, smother enchilda sauce and cheese on top and so on until he has about 5 layers. What was served was two layers, not typically how I eat tortialls. I actually almost asked for flour tortillas to eat my beef and beans with when I realized what the cheesy goo was at the end of my plate. But pairing the tortilla/cheesy goo with the beef and beans pulled the dish together.

Checking into yelp I recieved a free dessert. I showed the waitress my phone and after my meal she brought me a white tres leche's cake. Was there other options? Not sure, she didn't give me a choice. Thankfully it wasn't a chocolate desert.

All in all I thought it was a very beautiful atmosphere, especially if you were there with a date. The food was delicious and the employees nice. The parking is small and looks like during a busier time people would be forced to park along a residental street.