I love Oyamel and Jaleo, so I was eager to see Jose Andres' latest creation, and I had really high expectations for China Poblano.  I had this idea that Mexican-Chinese fusion would be the love child of two of my favorite restaurants, Oyamel and Myers+Chang (a funky pan-Asian restaurant in Boston).  We decided to try the Asian side of the menu at China Poblano, after we realized that there weren't that many fusion dishes on the menu.

The good: the tuna ceviche was great - the soy sauce did NOT make me think of sashimi at all! overall, it was a flavor combination that I wouldn't have thought of, and I liked the texture of the ceviche with the walnuts.  The monk's noodles had a nice texture, and I was pleasantly surprised by the fried rice - it really distinguished itself from your average fried rice.  As far as drinks go, I had a margarita with sea salt "foam" (standard at Oyamel, still tasty here).  The lemon drop with "noodles" was clever, and it tasted like your standard lemon drop.  Yes, I bought into the cutesy presentation, and I enjoyed it.

Also good: the service.  The host table seemed a bit confused but once we were seated, everyone was great.  Our waitress had recommended the tuna ceviche to us over the scallop ceviche, since she thought the scallop portion was too small, and I always like candor from the waitstaff.  There was also a mistake at the bar, and when she saw a drink about to go to waste she brought it over to me (yay!)  The entire staff was very attentive.

The bad: we had the "when pigs fly" pork steam buns, and something about the texture of the bao was off.  Even worse though, the meat was underseasoned.  The same thing goes for the ten treasure noodle soup and the monk's noodles - they looked great but the broth was underwhelming.  It's difficult to get the broth just right (Tampopo, anyone?) but if you can't, maybe you shouldn't offer so many noodle soups on your menu.

I'm willing to give China Poblano the benefit of the doubt, as the restaurant was only two weeks old when we visited.  I will probably eat here again... but there are so many restaurants to try on the strip, so I'm not sure when or if I'll be back.  The bottom line is, Jose Andres does a fantastic job with Mexican cuisine and tapas, so if you're going to visit, maybe that's what you should stick with.  My visit to China Poblano just left me craving a visit to Myers+Chang and Oyamel.  I didn't take the ceviche and tacos at Oyamel for granted before, but I will certainly appreciate them a lot more on my next visit.