Desperate.  Hungry.  Impatient.  I want it now!

That's what happened when we were right in the middle ground of two different Roberto's Taco Shops in our area.  We ended up going to the one slightly closer to us for an afternoon snack.  The Roberto's that is located literally in a hole-in-the-wall...in Fabulous Freddy's Car Wash.

Not really used to this, being our first time here we made our way in.  Everything about this Roberto's is like the others around town, menus all look the same, kitchen all smells the same.  Thankfully!  We had a need...the need for....carne asada!  Sorry all you Top Gun lovers out there.  Ended up ordering one of my usual suspects from Roberto's, the Carne Asada Burrito ($5.65).  This bad boy has no frills - just meat, guac, and salsa.  On a fresh tortilla.  No cheese.  No sour cream.  But damn is it tasty!  Still one of the better burritos I've had!  

Service was fast, order was even faster since we were like the only ones there that day.

A couple of things knocked this Roberto's down a star.  Ambiance.  So strange, who likes eating Mexican in the middle of a non-Mexican car wash station?  I literally sat on a tiny table next to the snack racks on one side, and the beer coolers on the other.  Need a Twinkie?  I could have reached out and grabbed one as dessert.  Other gripe is that this Roberto's has NO condiment/salsa bar like all the other ones do.  I like buffet options dammit!  I like making my own little plates of cucumbers, radishes, pickled carrots & jalapenos.  Plus I like copious amounts of red & green salsa for my meal.  None of this available at the Roberto's in the car wash station.  But they do have all of these items for you, just ask the cashier behind the Roberto's counter and they will give you little baggies & containers of veggies and salsa.  

Roberto's luckily your Carne Asada Burrito is just as good as the ones I've had before in other locations.  Meaty, fatty, rich, carb & calorie loaded, with a touch of fresh.  Just the way it should be!