Moe's to me is the place to go when I can't get to Chipotle. That's actually exactly how I ended up eating here last week - the line for Chipotle was just too long to stand in considering some coworkers and I had a work meeting we had to get to an hour or so later.

When we walked into Moe's we got right in line and were impressed by how quickly it moved. The staff here are definitely really fast and efficient - I actually totally forgave them for asking to repeat myself a couple times just because you could see the whirlwind pace they had to work at during the lunch rush to keep things moving. Kudos to them for clarifying things rather than risking messing up my order just to keep the line moving. We admittedly made fun of the menu set-up while waiting, though, since none of us got why they felt the need for funny order names here. 90% of the names don't tell you anything about what you're ordering, making them totally pointless and even potentially confusing. And I mean, are fancy order names really helping you compete with places like Chipotle?

Anyway, all of our food was tasty enough, although my "Overachiever" tacos weren't particularly deserving of their name. They were fine and I enjoyed them, but they weren't exceptional either; if anything I think more meat and black beans would have balanced out the insane amount of guacamole they came with. I wasn't psyched when I sat down and discovered that I'd gotten a semi-flat cup of coke from the drink machine, either. And I know someone will get mad at me for saying this, but I also wasn't particularly in love with the chips. Honestly I need to start remembering to ask them not to give them to me; they just taste so bland and I get so many that I don't want them, and I feel awful throwing them out.

I also need to add something about this particular establishment - do not sit by the middle set of doors if you don't have to, especially in the winter. Unfortunately for us the only open table we could get was right by those doors, so throughout the meal the door constantly opened and slammed shut, resulting in cold winter air drafts and a small headache on my part from the noise.

All in all, this Moe's does offer very quick service and ok food, but you do need to watch out for certain parts of the seating area. They're a fine enough place to eat, just don't expect anything extraordinary either.