Well it was bound to happen... yes, here is my review on Chipotle. I am not a huge fan to be honest. However, I am going to be optimistic and at least mention what the best thing on their menu is. 
For the longest time, I honestly hated Chipotle and couldn't put my finger on what it was that I disliked. Then I finally hit the nail on the head. Its the meat! I have tried all of their meats and all have sucked honestly. The steak and chicken are tough, don't have much flavor, and tend to have pieces with grissle. Barbeqoa is wayyy too fricken salty. Carnita's are probably the lesser of the evils but is wayyyyy to peppery. If it weren't for the hubby being a huge fan of the carnita's and guac here, I would have never gone back. But since he loves Chipotle so much and requests it once a month, I had to find something to order that is decent. 
After trying tacos, salads, quesadillas, my go to meal turned out to be the vegi burro. Please don't give this review that look. Its actually good and it comes with the guacamole! Yes, I love meat and rarely order something vegetarian. However, Chipotle is the one place I prefer something vegetarian over something with meat because like I said, the meat is soooo horrible. Now when I am forced to go to Chipotle, I get a burrito with rice (I order extra), black beans, corn salsa, hot salsa, pico de gallo, extra sour cream, and guac on the side. These are the best items Chipotle has. I have to admit, their rice is actually tasty, their tortillas are soft and huge, the corn salsa is downright delicious (but who doesnt like corn), and their pico is always fresh with a pretty good flavor. Betcha noticed that I make no mention of cheese huh? Don't get me wrong, I love cheese but Chipotles cheese seems too strong for my taste. Anyways, let me sum up the food by saying that although you get alot, nothing accept the veggie burro is acceptable in my book. Even this vegi burrito is simply ok and tolerable, once in a decade craveable. 
Now as for the service, some of the locations seem to hire people that lack intelligence and this location is no exception to that. Many times, there seems to be too many people behind the counter running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Also, the burritos tend to have holes in them because the roller doesn't know how to roll. 
I will say that I am absolutely puzzled as to why Chipotle has such a huge following. To me, its far from being sensational. Luckily, I have found something decent to order but this is not a place that I get really excited about. About the only time I got stoked to see a Chipotle was in NY after eating multiple overpriced downright depressing meals. Maybe I was just looking for something familiar after being away from home for a week. However, when other Chipotle cravings emerge, I satisfy them and then head to the drug store to get a certain test because obviously somethin aint right!