Finally, the infamous Chipotle.  No matter what food destiny could await me, my mind will forever be "stained" with the memory of the hilarious South Park "Chipotle-Away" infomercial, with Billy Mays hawking a laundry spray to take away Chipotle-related skidmarks...

For those wondering why I would still try it: I actually heard numerous raves from a buddy who used to eat at one in Colorado Springs.  He still insists on pronouncing it "Chi-Pole-Tay."  I told him that it's the same as a chipotle pepper--he comes back saying the pepper is "Chi-Pote-Lay" but the resto says it "Chi-Pole-Tay."

Sorry, but South Park says otherwise.

Anyway, the Chipotle chain seems to be thriving, converting a lot of people.  I wonder if those people ever eat at real Mexican places.  If you don't have real Mexican food available, you might be impressed on what Chipotle offers.  I'd give this location 2 1/2 stars.

The menu is pretty limited: soft or crispy tacos, burritos/fajita burritos, "burrito bowls," salads, and chips w/guac.  You can choose from about 6-7 kinds of meat (or veg options) depending on what you order.  I didn't want fajitas or just veg., so I had to decide between grilled carne asada, grilled chicken, barbacoa (shredded beef), or carnitas (shredded pork).  

When we first walked in, we were told there was no rice ready, and there would be about 1/2 hr. wait if we wanted rice.  A girl ahead of us in line walked out.  Not being from the area, we didn't want to go back into the heat and drive, so we decided to kick it.  Fortunately for us (sorry rice girl!) we were then told that it would only be a couple of minutes, and to go ahead and order.  I checked out the meats in the metal serving bins, they looked like they had been sitting for about an hour...shredded meat looked totally dried out --I opted for the grilled beef which didn't look as bad.  What looked really good was the guacamole--freshly pounded and still chunky with avocado.  The guac was $1.40 extra, but it looked good enough to be worth it, and what better way to moisten a potentially dry burrito.  I'm leery of any sour cream that sits out, so I opted for cheese instead, rice, lettuce, hot sauce, and black beans (pinto being the other option).  The rice is a white cilantro-lime rice.  You can also get corn, which I'm about as likely to add to a burrito as an Oldsmobile.  Luckily for me, the kid @ the register didn't charge me for the guacamole addition (he saw me flinch a little when told about the extra charge), so I got the deal.  That move earned your business an extra 1/2 star kid, pushing this review into the 3-star (therefore acceptable) zone.  Way to go!  Since the company might not appreciate your giving that stuff away for free, I'll neglect to thank you by name, so you can keep your job n' all.  Also, Coke Zero was available as a fountain drink, which was a happy surprise to me.

The burrito was pretty average in both size and quality.  The guacamole was really tasty, but none of the other ingredients, including the meat or salsa, stood out flavor wise.  The gringo-fied rice and relative blandness of it gave it more of a "wrap" taste than the more authentic burritos I'm used to.  Not bad, just kind of blah.  A decent, inoffensive meal, no more, no less.  I've had worse.     

I accept the concept of Americanized, or, as Chipotle calls it, "gourmet" Mexican food.  In the Santa Barbara area, despite having a few authentic places, 15-20 years ago (when I lived there) one of my favorite Mexican places was very "California healthy Mex," i.e., quite inauthentic.  If the quality and value is there, why not.

But I wouldn't say the quality of Chipotle is anything approaching "gourmet."  Plus the price--if the kid had charged me for the guacamole, that would have been an $8 burrito.  If you're gonna charge that much, kick up the portion size.  I've paid $4.50-$6.50 for HUGE burritos many times, what I like to call "bricks o' food" that could easily provide two meals.  That's including avocado or guacamole.  I don't mind paying a little more, but at least make it worth my while..  The guacamole stood out, other than that, meh!!

For what it's worth, Chipotle does seem to have a commitment to organic and healthy ingredients.  And, I'm happy to say, I did avoid the fate that South Park was warning me about.  I guess with that, the convenience, and the generosity of the worker, this "Chi-Pole-Tay" gets a passing grade...but not much else.