3 stars for the seating/how busy it is really.  I came here over the weekend, waiting for my flight to board to head back to California.  I got here around 9:00AM with my boyfriend and we went to go find where our gate was to board.  We surveyed the area and found somewhere (close) to eat.  It was between this place or another place that served strictly just alcoholic drinks (it's 5:00 somewhere, right? haha!)

So we chose this place, it was pretty crowded but it was only thw two of us so it wasn't that bad.  We were immediately seated  and our server came to our table within seconds.  The seating arrangement was different, maybe because it was a small place but we basically had a chance to choose where we would like to sit.. and we also shared tables with strangers.  My boyfriend got himself a beer, I forgot what it was called but it was a nice amber color.  I got a mixed drink called the Greyhound.  Mine was tasty, but probably not my favorite (I don't like vodka).. it had grapefruit juice so I enjoyed that part at least.

We ordered a steak and egg burrito, which we had to split because our appetites was not big.  Around this tiny restaurant, we had tv all around us to watch.  Fortunately, we are huge sports fans so we enjoyed what was on tv!  Our steak and egg burrito came on two separate plates (instead of bringing an extra empty plate) they already split it for us, which was really nice.  The burrito sizes were pretty good!  Think of a Big Mac burger size.  They also come with a pico de gallo salsa, and home fried potatoes.  The potatoes were a little orange, and because of that I thought they were sweet potato fries.  They weren't, but I'm ok with that.

Overall, the food was pretty good and the service was as good as the food.  A few things I did not like though was the size of the actual place, and because of that... workers with food trays, carts, etc. would have a hard time passing though the restaurant.  I would come here again if I had to leave from the Phoenix Airport and probably order the Huevos Rancheros