Such a small little place in the land of superblock developments and large scale everything wouldn't normally fit in so well, but Vitamin T will be just fine. 

The space is nicely decorated and a relatively wide open room, really set up for take out only, as there are no chairs in the restaurant. It's all stand up fare here, even on the patio, or at the counter in front of the cooks. A small'ish menu, a well stocked salsa bar, a soda fountain, and a small cooking line is all there is here. 

I was really under the impression that this was going to be a tequila bar so I was a bit surprised to see they only offer one tequila, as well as one beer, Dos Equis. Prices are a bit high as well, with street tacos being $2.50 each, but much of the menu well under $10. I tried to sample several things, including the Barbacoa taco, Cochinita Pibil taco, and Sonoran Hot Dog. Barbacoa was fantastic, with a great tomatillo salsa, Cochinita Pibil was not as great, and really lacked the citrusy taste that is so typical of this dish. My main gripe here is with the Sonoran Hot Dog, which has a formula of a certain amount and type of ingredients. May did not follow the formula when he created this hot dog. It was fairly tasty, but the pre-made buns from the grocery store, black bean spread, and lack of ingredients that make the Sonoran dog made it a fail for me. I've also tried the Ahobado Torta, a delicious pulled pork with a spicy salsa, avocado spread, and a garlicy taste. The draw back again came from the bread, it seemed low quality and overly wet like they had it in a steam tray. Nothing I hate more than my bread being gooey from humidity. The veggie tamale was delicious, with a nice assortment of potatoes, mushrooms, onions, sunflower seeds, and spinach. 

Be warned here, as tasty as the food may be, most everything on the menu is a conglomeration of processed, packaged, or pre-prepared foods. Canned beans, premade tortillas and bread, everything is designed to be easy to make. I don't get a big kick out of paying money at a restaurant for something that was made with no heart or real skill. I get a little bit annoyed when I order something, then watch restaurants open cans or bottles and mix already made ingredients together.