Eating outside at Sam's while birds are awake is a bad idea if you a) have sensitive ears, b) are distracted easily or c) don't like feeling like you're in the middle of a rainforest.  The birds in the trees surrounding the patio are RIDICULOUS.  
Excuse me birds, I'm trying to eat.  I don't need your incessant chatter, and I also don't need you perching on nearby chairs giving me those "look how cute I am, don't you want to give me a chip?" moony eyes.  And since you're shouting so loud to hear each other over the water feature, it just means the paying human diners have to yell to each other even louder to be heard above everything else.  Soothing, it is not. 
But if you're a mellow sort and you can let the cacophany fade into the background, you'll be stoked you found anywhere downtown that is serving food on a Sunday evening, and hey, it's early March and you're sitting outside for dinner because the temperature is in the mid 70s!  Gotta love the desert!
The margaritas are glorified lemonade; I had to have 17 of them before I even started to feel a tiny bit buzzed, and even then it may have been just from wishing so hard.
I had the carne asada and it was pretty good.  Flavorwise, it was quite good, although I couldn't get past the feeling that it was flavored with beef bouillon or something, to up the beef flavor.  Texturewise, if you told me I was eating mountain goat I would not have argued with you.  Note to management: sharp knives would be nice to cut through the stringy cut of meat.
My server was fast and friendly, and didn't even call the Federales when I had to confess that I did not have my wallet.  Good thing online shopping has taught me to memorize my credit card number!!!
Oh, and score on the chips & salsa concept: a mix of blue corn, corn, flour and. . . . sweet potato!  Hell yeah!  Only drawback was that some of the sweet potato chips weren't crunchy and had that awful chewy, oily texture of fried food gone wrong.  Who knew sweet potato chips would be good with salsa?!  Prices were great - my slab of some type of animal and onions (don't believe their promises of "onions and peppers" - it's mostly just onions) with black beans and rice, and a margarita all for less than $30, including tax and tip.  Not too shabby.
Oh, and don't forget the white chocolate/pecan "tamale" they give you gratis.  It tasted just like a Jordan almond if you ask me, and even though you didn't, I just told you anyway.  Better than average mall food.