WOW...One Star? This place is not Excellent, however I think it deserves more than one star...here's what my experience was like. 

Nate & Nicki decide that after spending WAY too many evenings closing down the patio at Auntie Chiladas, we needed to find a new place to call "happy hour home". So what better way to start the weekend...Friday night Happy Hour at Barrio Cantina? Nate lives nearby, so it seemed like a great option! His experiences were hit & miss after 3 previous trips, however I'm always up for a new experience...so there we were! 

I walked in and was immediately impressed with the bar area. There is a very cool, large square shaped bar that makes for excellent people watching. The bartenders (all skinny blondes with hard fake boobs) were bitchy and not very responsive to a thirsty young lady such as myself. Although the bartenders weren't quite responsive to anyone I do have to say that I thought that the men across that bar that were ogling their tata's were quite entertaining. 

When I quizzed the bartender on the ingredients in the "house margarita" she shared with me that the Sweet & Sour was made in house...so I tried it. Decent, but not exactly what I was looking for. Same ol' crappy margarita. So I switched drinks and we ordered food. 

The food here is decent, but I LOATHE the chips. I hate puffy, greasy chips. Give me thin & greasy and I'm OK with that...but the puffy ones??? Yucky! We ordered Chips & Salsa, Handmade Guacamole, and Chimi's. The guacamole was really good and the Chimi came with a tomatillo type sauce that was quite good. I probably wouldn't try anything "crazy" from this menu. The food is pretty generic. Prices were typical for PV, so I can't fault them for that. 

Lastly, as the night wore on (we were there for about 3 hours) it got more entertaining. They were playing extremely depressing 80's music like Silent Whisper - Wham! and More than Words - Extreme. But all things considered, we thought it was hilarious. The scene at the bar was hilarious. Cougars were on the prowl. We witnessed a 55+ cougar (or is she a jaguar at that point?) at her finest...moving from prey to prey. If you are young man that is into cougars, this may become your new mecca. 

I'm giving three stars more because of the entertainment and company. Without it, I would be tempted to give 2...maybe 1 for crappy service. Don't go out of your way to go here...but if you live in the area, expect nothing and hopefully leave with a buzz and some laughs. Maybe even a coug?