Saw this place on the way to our favorite- Seasons 52, and we were excited to try it.  The place had a nice feel to it, good crowd inside and out on the patio setting the mood.  Didn't live up to the setup.  The host stand was being held down by what looked to be middle schoolers who were friendly enough but just getting into the workforce and still getting it all figured out...works at Red Lobster but doesn't really match expectations here.  Patio was full so they put us at a table that borders the kitchen. Usually I don't really get bothered by that but  think it was just a little too close cause I felt like we were just short of being in the action - felt like I was back trying to make the adults table as an adolescent. The food- good menu with a lot of options.  Waitress made sure to let us know that the tacos were 'street' type which is supposed to be I guess small but really these things were piled high with ingredients but I'm getting ahead of the review.  The appetizers looked like they were going to be a great start and we picked the Ceviche and the Roasted Corn dishes. Now I'm a bit of a Ceviche connoisseur  so I always apprehensively order this dish knowing it's one of those signature dishes that the sous chef gets to prove to the big man that hiring him was the right decision. Should have used Jobbing.com instead of Craig's list.  I like a South American version like the one served at Ra.  This is really the Rocky Pointe version you get at a number of places there or a strip buffet.  Didn't really appeal to me.  The tacos came after a really long wait which is unexpected when you order 'Street Tacos' as usually this dish comes fast. We did get the option to mix & match which we did. Fish, Carne Asada, baja chicken were my selections.  As I mentioned, the only thing street about them was the undersized corn tortilla they came on but the three of them filled an oversize plate so don't order these thinking you are saving room for a quick stop at The cheese cake factory on the way out.  Stick with the fish tacos- this was by far the best and on their own were the only real positive part of the dinner and pushed this review to 3 stars. I started with that one and the other two were just filler from there- plenty of it but not all that memorable. Still looking for a good street taco place- going to try Joy Ride next....