Well, this is how I found Durangos. I put in my GPS that I wanted to go to Qdoba and this is where it took me. I know for a fact that this Durango's used to be a Qdoba because I've eaten there before back when it was a Qdoba. I was really, really disappointed because I had my heart set on a Queso Chicken Burrrito.

ANYWAY, I decided I was already here so I might as well try the place out. I believe it must not have opened very long ago. First off, it's a bit different from your Qdobas and Chipotles. They offer wheat tortillas (for an extra price! Um, I don't think Zaba's charges you extra if you want wheat). And they do have a menu that has salads, tacos, burritos, and enchiladas. They have enchiladas because they have enchilada sauce. They also put the sauce on top of the burritos (wet burritos).

I ordered the grilled chicken burrito. Here's what is nice: they do grill the chicken meat before they put it into your burrito. Next they offer three types of beans, two types of rice (I got black beans and Spanish rice). Cheese goes inside and on top of your burrito. IF you get the sauce option on top (which I did not) they send your burrito through a heating device so it melts the cheese on top (I'm assuming). I thought my burrito was okay, nothing spectacular and I must admit I like Qdoba and Chipotle better taste-wise.

PROs: It's different, more options, good if you want to eat a burrito with a fork. They offer a small size (which is HUGE) I can't even imagine what the regular looks like, it must be the size of my head.

CONs: Not really the best if you want to eat your burrito with your hands. They do not wrap them up in foil. Also, for some reason when I was there, there were ladies in front of me who wanted lettuce inside their burritos (I like mine that way too), but the employees insisted the salad came on the side of the burrito with pico de gallo. Instead of asking they put the lettuce in my burrito I just let them do it how they wanted and ended up mixing the lettuce into my burrito on my own.

I don't know... I doubt I'd make a return trip. It's far away from where I live. But maybe if they opened one closer to me I would go back to try something different, like their enchiladas.