This is hard to rate because I have been here a few times and the food is always excellent. However, I went for Mother's Day, and the service was so terrible it will make me hesitate to return despite the fact that the food is great. I made a reservation for a large party in the middle of the week. No problem. I was excited because I had out of town family coming in and was raving about the place. Plus it was Mother's Day, and I was excited to relax and not have to cook and clean my kitchen. When we arrived, they had no record of our reservation, but they sat us immediately, which I thought was kind of them. After that, it was downhill. We had to keep flagging other people down to get refills on our drinks, and we waited over an hour for our food. One of our party is a diabetic, and he was getting rather nervous because everything was taking so long. We also had small children who were holding up super well, but were super hungry. In the meantime, there was no apology from our waitress nor was there any checking in from her. We had to flag her down to ask what was going on. When our food finally came, one of the entrees was wrong. We asked our server to correct it, but it NEVER came. When it came time to pay, we asked for a break since we had a bad experience. They only took the bad entree off, and we had to talk to the manager to explain our situation. He gave us another discount. Then it took FOREVER to try and pay. I ended up having to give our bill to the hostess to close it out for us. We were extremely disappointed. We have loved coming here in the past and recommend it to our families and friends, but now we are not so sure. I have worked in food service for 15 years, so I know what it can be like on holidays, and I am always willing to cut servers slack because I know how it can be. But this was unacceptable. Perhaps our server was new, but if she was, then she should not have been working on a holiday. The restaurant has been in business long enough to know how to handle a holiday, and to know what basic customer service is.