Just got back from Bibiano's Restaurant with our friend Kathy R. and my wife. In a place like Phoenix where delicious Mexican food is so easy to find, Bibiano's  was just OK. I kind of expected more from a "mom & pop" establishment. 

Nothing about this place is particularly memorable except the fact that we had a superb server (Ashley) who was great. Right away she greeted us and got our drink orders and brought us a basket of complimentary chips. The chips came out with a taco like sauce.... The chips were not home made I'm guessing they came from a bag. What Mexican restaurant doesn't serve salsa?!?! I pretty much judge a Mexican restaurant on how their salsa tastes. 

I asked Ashley how long Bibiano's had been in business. She told us it was bought out just under two years ago by new owners. 

I ordered a bowl of Albondigas Soup for all of us to try. We all truly enjoyed the soup. It was absolutely delicious and flavorful.

I asked our waitress what was good there since we had not been here before. Our waitress was very helpful in her recommendations 

Our friend Kathy ordered the Enchilda / Tamale Combination Plate. She thought it was excellent.  

My wife got the chicken Fajita. She always judges a Mexican restaurant by their Fajitas and  Bibiano's failed her taste test. Her chicken was dry and the dish was underwhelming at best.

I got the Carne Asada Sonoran Street Tacos with floor torillas. The meat was bland, tough and  apretty tasteless. Even putting the "taco sauce on the meat didn't help much. The torillas were burnt and I was able to eat one out of the whole mess. 

FOOD: The food is mediocre at best. All l I can say is I wish it were better:-(  I've been to quite a few Mexican restaurants around the city and this was not high on my list. It just didn't have a whole lot of flavor. 
AMBIENCE: Bibiano's had very simple decor. The enviroment was not very memerable. SERVICE: The service here is excellent.  As soon as we walked in, the bwaitress greeted us and told us about the menu. 
CONCLUSION: Everyone can have  a "off" day... but there is so many great Mexican restaurants in the Phoenix area I guess I shouldn't completely write off Bibiano's but unfortunately, I won't be in a rush to revisit this restaurant.