It was great at our first meeting....fish tacos while lounging by the pool, but even better when we experienced the restaraunt full service. Last night I finally made it to the Gallo Blanco for a sit down dinner with bri; it has since become my favorite american-mexican  restaraunt. The food has an american twist on the old favorites like the fish taco, guacamole and then adds a salad with a citrus vinegarette and pumpkin seeds, hicama, tortilla strips; which was delicious! I wanted to order another one. The savory taste of the roasted pumpkin seeds left my mouth singing with joy. I can't wait to eat it again.....soon. 

The tacos are served on a taco party tray...its a fiesta in itself. I had the fish tacos, which for this day was Ahi tuna-lucky for me, porque es mi favorita; but on a sour note-when the server announced the fish in the fish taco, not the noted menu item, she never announced the price increase. I didn't mind paying the extra $2.00 but she should have disclosed the price increase  too. The tacos are on soft shell, last time they tasted like the tortillas were homemade, but i couldn't tell ya so this time. The red cabbage is an american twist gone great! I normally don't enjoy the white sauce on fish tacos, but i think this one might have had a citrus twist and i didn't mind it at all. The ahi tuna was lighty seared to perfection! It was bright red and melted in my mouth like straight BUTTAH! Bri ordered the pork tacos and beef tacos, but i stuck with the Ahi. 

The sides are served ala carte here, which is very amerrican. The beans were great with the tortilla strips, which tasted like they were made in house. I also liked the roasted tomato salsa. It was so spicy and flavorful, not much tomato, just how i like it! One thing i definitely didn't enjoy, but get the joke (green tomatoes in stead of red tomatoes are definitely american) was the rice. It was a cross between soft, fluffy and hard sticky rice (that from the bottom of the pan when you leave the pot on the stove, then scrap it) served mixed with a tomatillo salsa made with too much onion.....very weird! That was one rice, where once is enough, next time i'll just have to order two salads and more tacos lol!

Guacamole ala americano served with their thick tortilla chips. It came with big hunked halfs of avocado, which i cut up into cubes, and a citrus salsa, which weirdly enough had grapefruit slices in whole slivers. A little too much onion and fruit for me, but it was still tasty. I'll definitely order this again.

The sangria was a little cup of heaven. It was perfect. Not too sweet, not too much liquor, not too bitter and laden with diced fruit. Our service was great as well! There was always a server around; asking about the food, knowing when not to interupt. That is superb service, they are around and available, but not hoovering. The decor is very fun. I loved the strips on my chair. We sat in the window at a tall table with a perfect view of the uptown highrise buidlings. We sat with a beautiful backdrop, spanish music enveloping the room and a delicious twist on the food i grew up with, making it exactly the way i wanted it, just wish the spanish rice brought me home....oh well ya can't win them all. I'll definitely be back much more and soon.