I feel a bit guilty giving this place only 3 stars, due to the reason I visited the Tee Pee, but being an honest, good little yelper I can not tell a lie.

My Step Father recently passed away unexpectedly here in MD and we had to make a trip out to Chandler, AZ where he grew up, and had wished to be laid to rest. The Tee Pee was one of my Step Dad & my Mom's favorites places to come and eat while they were visiting. For years they would go on tubing trips down the river, and their favorite place to go afterwards was the Tee Pee. It was a tradition. 

The atmosphere is definitely casual. It is laid back which I love. The patio is pretty cool, with the tv's and the misters. The owner was extremely considerate and was very, very nice. He gave our huge party complimentary cheese crisps  for every table, as he had heard what had happened, which I will give an extra star, because service does matter. The servers, bartender's, and the owner are all super friendly and pleasant. 

The only issue I had with the place was the food. It was terrible. The famous cheese crisps are just a simple flour tortilla with melted cheese. The chips were stale, the salsa average. The guacamole was pretty good however. My brother and I split the chicken chimichanga. It was massive. It was a little too greasy for my taste. I have had better mexican food at chipotle. I don't really get what all the other reviewers are raving about, how Tee Pee serves authentic Mexican food, in my opinion it's simpy Tex Mex. I am from MD and I think I have had more authentic Mexican food in my home town. I thought I would be in for a treat being in AZ. So I was extremely disappointed in the food. Not a huge fan of the margarita's either, the only good thing about them was the salt. 

Needless to say I was glad to experience a place that they had loved and enjoyed together. However I think they forgot to mention that they were always hammered after those all day tubing trips so I am sure the food was amazing after several cold beers, and the Arizona sun.