After debating for an hour over where to eat dinner like it was our last meal, my husband and I found ourselves at Maria Maria.  We did only have appetizers and drinks, but found their dinner menu to be nice-it's upscale Mexican dishes.

The restaurant's decor is very nice-contemporary, all neutral colors, except for the artwork which is where the Mexican style comes in.  Nice patio and bar area.  It was early when we arrived so there were plenty of tables, yet we were seated at a very small table.  I guess they were "saving" the tables for four-except for the other two-somes that were more deserving apparently.  This was a put-off to me and made life more difficult for their servers when we ordered three appetizers on large platters.

I was quite impressed with the food for the most part.  With your chips, they serve a roasted tomato salsa (mild yet full of flavor), a smoky chipotle hot sauce and a hot green sauce.  All were excellent.  We had a steak quesadilla that I loved-the steak was sooo tender.  We also ordered chicken flautas.  I didn't care for the seasoning of the chicken, but that was a personal preference.  They were very good, and I'm sure many others would enjoy it.  We also ordered guacamole which was expensive ($9) but it was also very good and you did get a decent sized portion.  Their version of Spanish rice is actually a blend of rice and orzo.  It could have been delicious but badly needed salt as did the black beans.  And, there is no salt on the tables, none of the tables.  I take that as an arrogant statement that all their dishes are perfectly seasoned.  Maybe they should taste them!  I'm not one who likes food overly salty either.  Oh yea, tortillas-not good.  Think Mission brand.

Service wasn't bad, but not great either.  I also think if they're are going to have water glasses on the table when you arrive, they should try some Jet-Dry as the spots and streaks on everything are not that appetizing.  I can eat at home for that.  

This restaurant has great potential.  I don't think it's quite there yet, but it did just open.  With some fine tuning, it wouldn't be difficult for me to raise my rating.  We plan to return in a few months.