I pretty much agree with the lukewarm reviews.  This is another case of style over substance.  Old Town Tortilla Factory is to Sonoran what Sassi is to Italian, except where Sassi gets 5 stars for ambiance and 3.5 stars for food and to me is worth the price, OTTF gets  3.5 stars for ambiance and 2 stars for food and isn't worth the price.  So I think I'm being generous with the 3 star rating.  After reading the yelp reviews I made sure to not get my hopes up, but before leaving Boston my co-workers gave me a gift card here so I had to give it a shot. 
 
On to my particular experience. . .
 
The outdoor seating is very nice, but I wish the chairs weren't plastic.  Plastic works at brunch on a farm, not dinner in Scottsdale.  And I still can't believe how many heaters they had going at full blast, it was a calm 62 degrees when I was there.  If you get cold, throw on an alcohol jacket. 
 
Which is what my husband and I proceeded to do.  He had the Treasure Margarita - at first he balked at $11.25 but they give you a shaker to pour it yourself so it comes out to be like 1.5 - 1.75 drinks.  He liked it very much, but laughed when I had said another reviewer had called them "sublime".  I had a sauvingon blanc which had a funny taste to it.  Meh. 
 
Instead of bread and butter, there gimmick is, as you would guess, fresh house made tortillas.  When the waitress brought ours out she remarked that the spread was a cilantro butter, then proceeded to open the tortilla holder and said, "Oh, and the tortillas are cilantro flavored. . .they make new flavors all the time so I guess this batch was cilantro. . ."  Quick hint to OTTF - if you're serving cilantro butter, skip the cilantro flavored tortillas.  The tortillas were very good no doubt sans extra cilantro flavored butter. 
 
We started with the Chorizo Fundido which was nothing special.  It was a bit too creamy (think sour cream) and not cheesey enough, certainly not the Queso Guillermo at El Encanto which is a bowl of melted cheesey goodness. 
 
Since I'm sort of a wimp when it comes to spice, and considering nearly every dish is marked with a "spicy" chili logo, I asked the waitress how spicy the Chicken Calabacitas were.  She said that they are very safe with their "spicy" designation and none of the dishes have overpowering spice.  "It's not like you'd need a sip of water after every bite."  I trusted her unfortunately, and was disappointed that I needed a sip of water after every 2 bites.  Besides the spice, the dish was good and bountiful.  My husband ordered the Pork Chile Verde and was disappointed at how tough and chewy it was. 
 
The highlight of the meal was when we paid with the $75 gift card for the $67 meal (being so underwhelmed, we were willing to forfeit the additional $8 without getting anything else).  The waitress came back, apologized that she couldn't get the gift card to run properly, so instead of being left with $8 on the card she just gave us a new $10 card.  Of course, this now means we'll have to go back. . .at least for a drink. .