The Skinny: came in for their Taco Tuesday - the food is okay - a bit pretentious and needs an editing hand (3) Service: despite a few seating snafus, the service was pretty prompt. (3) Value: pricey for what it is, we might hit it again but not at full menu prices (3).

We dropped by after work to take in their Taco Tuesday promotion. This is 2 of their street sized tacos for $5.50 after 9 pm. Bar only.

So we check in with the hostess and she gestures that we could seat ourselves in the bar area. We score an elevated bar table for the two of us and we wait to get service.

Then we see the hostess/server milling around us, looking at us funny. Finally the hostess approaches us and asks us to move from our spot.

"Isn't it first come first serve?"
"Yeah, well normally it is but another couple has been waiting for this spot to be vacated and cleaned. They were sitting at the bar."

She apologized and moved us to a table in the dining room, assuring us that Taco Tuesday still applied for us. As soon as our server came, he told us that it didn't apply to the dining room however he would have to check with his supervisor to see if it was okay. In the end,he couldn't find his supervisor but gave us the discount anyway which was cool.

We appreciated our server's brisk and energetic service. Never were our water glasses empty and the food came out prompty except for our last set of tacos.

So we tried 5 different types of street tacos: their mahi mahi fish tacos, carne tacos, al pastor, wild mushroom and their pancitas tacos.

If there is key criticism of the tacos we ate, it's the overall muddled flavors in all of the food. I would say that most of the tacos had just too many different competing flavors going on to truly make an exceptional dish. 

Overall, we liked their al pastor the least. Their rendition of the al pastor was overly sauced and it lacked that meat roasted on a stick smokiness that makes al pastor so good. 

The carne tacos were solid - like the watercress jicama combination on top. My only issues were the watercress jicama overwhelmed the carne a bit too much. The mahi mahi was good but the fried mahi mahi's crispy coating went soft too quickly and could use extra time in the fryer. The pancita tacos were okay - digged the interesting texture of the chicharron but didn't like the overly fatty pieces of pork belly. The hongos, I thought, was the best dish of the night with the umami hit of mushroom matching well the the tomato sofrito.

In general, the food is largely okay and quite pricey considering the level of cuisine here. I am undecided on whether to return here - if I do, there would need to be a discount involved. 3-starred review.