There are certain DOs and DON'Ts when planning a trip to Jose Andres' Chinese/Mexican restaurant China Poblano, located inside The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.

DO: pronounce the name right.
It's China, like Chee-nah, Poh-blah-no. Next person I hear calling it "Chai-nah" is getting chopsticks straight up the culo.

DO: realize its Chinese/Mexican, not fusion.
If you're looking for wacky dishes like orange chicken tacos, it's not happening, bub. Although they have a few plates that play with both sides of the aisle (like the Viva China tacos), the "fusion," as it were, is in the juxtaposition of the cuisines. How many times have you been eating a taco and thought, "This is brilliant! Now if I only had a wonton to go with it..." I mean, if I only had a nickel for every time, right?

DO: go in a big group.
Food at China Poblano is served dim sum style, which means you'll be ordering lots of small plates. Get a group of about 5 or 6 and have people try to order different items, and you could have a veritable cornucopia of food at your fingertips. Dim sum is most fun when you have a lot of people anyway.

Here's the problem with China Poblano (which I believe is Spanish for "Chinese Poblano") -- there's a list of DON'Ts as well.

DON'T: go in famished.
In fact, don't even go in quite hungry. For China Poblano's menu is mostly "dim sum" style, which is Chinese for "frackin' small." If you're going in for a hearty meal, I'd pass right on and head down the hall to Holstein's. If you're ready to proverbially eat a horse, you'll have to get three plates in before you even register a proverbial hoof.

DON'T: go in on a budget.
You're going to break it. I promise. The dishes range from $8 to $25. Yeah. For dim sum. I had a plate of 6 wontons, and two fish tacos. Add a Diet Coke and I was up in the $26 range. For two dishes and a soda. Again, if I had gone down the hall to Holstein's, I could have had a huge burger, fries and a beer for less.

China Poblano is NOT a bad restaurant. The food was tasty (although I've had better Chinese AND Mexican food -- thank you Emily), the atmosphere was kitschy, and the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. Plates usually showed up less than five minutes after you order them too, which is a nice touch. But in the end, one of the most hyped-up restaurants in the resort drops the ball somewhere along the way.

If you REALLY must have Chinese and Mexican on the same plate on the Las Vegas Strip, there's a Panda Express that shares the same space with Chipotle next to Harrah's.