In the past I would have given this place 4-5 stars, but last night was a bit of a let down. 

My oldest sister used to live across the street from the shopping center Chile Verde is in and her old neighbors gave us the recommendation. We had tried it out and it was great, prices were super reasonable, service was good, food was great. It was like that almost every time we went or got take out except for one weird take out experience where the service was bad and kind of dumb. 

So last night we were in this part of town and decided to come here, plus we had an $8 off coupon from those City Pass books. When we walked in there were only about 4 tables occupied and no staff to be seen. Finally someone came running out and said they'd be right with us. So he took a takeout order and then sat us. Then he brought chips and salsa and then menus. 

So after sitting a few minutes our actual server came by and took our drink order, and then ran around and did everything else but get our drinks. I watched him pick up and close out checks from tables that left, refill drinks for other tables, take orders, etc. Just didn't seem to know how to prioritize. 

Side note, I don't want to sound overly picky here but I did serve for many years in all types of restaurants and handled many more tables at once and so I just felt he really was slacking. Okay side bar over. 

We eventually get our drinks and put in our order. I always get the same, shrimp fajitas because they come loaded with sauteed onions, green peppers, mushrooms and squash. So we didn't wait too long before my skillet comes out, but that's it just the skillet of food and no tortillas or other accompaniments and nobody else got anything.

So there I sit with a plate of food and nothing to do with it, my sister suggested covering it up so it didn't get too cold because there really was a wait from when the food got dropped till he came back again for me to ask for the tortillas.  He dropped all the other stuff off 1st before I finally recieved them.  He also mentioned the cooks were making rice and he'd bring it out soon.  That took another 10 minutes or so before everyone received it.

My fajitas were good but I was already annoyed.  My sisters dish was too spicy for her which was not noted on the menu as other dishes were, but luckily she was able to switch with her husband.  And the kids enjoyed their burrito and quesadilla.

Since big sis is no longer in the area I guess I won't have to worry about coming here and being let down again anytime soon!