Ok here goes,

Mad Mex is the Tex-Mex offering of the Big Burrito conglomerate of restaurants. As far as Tex-Mex goes, you could do worse. You could do better, but let's just focus on the here and now. 

My girlfriend (a common partner in my culinary escapades) thinks that Mad Mex is,  to quote, "the shit." At the risk of a  sreiously unhappy relationship, I must disagree. I think it is mediocre at best. 

We will start with the atmosphere of the place. It is packed to the walls with new age yuppies each trying to posture as much as possible and show the world how great they are. I don't care, I'm not impressed and neither is anyone else. As as result of everyone in the joint trying to tell the world how great they are, the noise level is a little high for my tastes. Also, after a certain hour, the lights are dimmed to the point where you can barely see your date (a potential plus if you have some evil friends who like blind dates), let alone read the menu. Not that it matters.

The menu is rather standard fare for Tex-Mex, but it all tastes the same. No matter what you get, it all tastes like spice with a vinegar, pickled backbone. I don't mind spice, hell I like it, but spice should be an accent to the flavor, not the sole player. 

Mad Mex has a decent beer selection, but it all seems to be kind of run of the mill craft selections. I know that sounds like an oxymoron so let me explain: they do have a fairly healthy variety of decent craft beers, but nothing unique to them. At least at a place like Fat Heads I can get something like Bear Republic Racer 5 on a hand pump. Mad Mex is limited to the standard Dogfishead, Rogue, and Sierra Nevada you see everywhere. As a Tex-Mex place, they do have a nice selection of tequila and their margaritas are "bomb" according to my better half.

As far as service goes, it was borderline, which I don't necessarily consider a bad thing. The servers were friendly and attentive, but not overbearing, which I like. They seemed to grasp the concept that I was there to enjoy my friends' company, not theirs.

All in all it wasn't a loathsome experience and I will probably be back, if only to satisfy the girlfriend. And now I am off to the couch...