Mexico City you may be my new go to mexican joint in the city.  I'm very happy to have found you and based on the line you are a secret no more.  Ray and I wanted to take advantage of the relatively nice weather (42' and cloudy) and go for a quick walk.  A client of mine had told me about this place and was pretty adament that it is the best authentic mexican in the Pittsburgh area.  We all know the usual spots (el camp, ray azteca, etc.).  However, I hadn't heard of this place.  THe place is pretty convenient.  Head down 6th and make a left on wood st. about a block away.  The relatively small storefront hides a surprisingly large restaurant.  We walk in and there is a line at the door and almost every table filled.  The place is pretty massive with a big bar in the middle of the area and small rooms tucked away on the sides.  We were lucky enough to find a spot in one of the nooks after only a short wait.  The place looks like you would expect, colors and decorations just like anywhere else.  The corner rooms are nice however because the one we were in had a plasma and a couple of couches in addition to a couple tables.  The tables are a little too close together and don't provide much privacy when it's crowded.  I suggest if you're going for lunch to go after 1 PM.  Waitress greets us quickly and is very friendly and they all seem genuinely filled with glee at their packed restaurant.  She brings over the tortilla chips which are okay albeit not warm and lacking a little salt.  She comes back pretty quickly and we place our order.  I was told the guacamole is a must have, so we order it and it arrives pretty quickly and the guy prepares tableside.  It's a big morter set and he asks how hot we like it.  We like it spicy, so he puts a bunch of jalapeno, cilantro, citrus, etc... and it's super delicious.  Maybe the best I've ever had.  Now, my only complaint is that it's a bit overpriced.  He used maybe 1/2 of an avocado and it was good for only a few chips worth.  Plus, much of the avocado was lost because it was in the crevases of the morter.  However, it's worth getting at least once because it really is good.  Ray, gets the chefs quesadilla which was okay, nothing too interesting and quite frankly a little bland and maybe a smaller portion than he would have hoped.  I get three tacos.  They have a two taco special for $7, but they had so many options I had to try more than two.  I order the lamb taco, which is good braised lamb served with cilantro and rice.  I also order the chorizo taco, which is certainly my favorite.  The sausage is spicy and flavorful and works well with the small soft tortilla shell and the flavor of the rice.  Lastly, I tried the chicken with pumpkin seed (?) sauce which was okay...actually, I was expecting a more bold or interesting flavor.  My only other small complaint is that it was close to an hour between the time we ordered and ate our entrees'.  I can see giving this place four stars in an update in the future.  I'll come when it's not so busy and work through the taco list to find ones I love.  They have about a dozen options and I'll try everyone.  I will be back.