I have mixed feelings about Crescent Ballroom. I have been here maybe 10 times, only 2 of those times to see a show. The times that I have seen a show, I couldn't have been more pleased. The ticket prices are reasonable, there is plenty of room to stand or even sit and see the show, the sound is top-notch, and as an added bonus there is a large bar in the stage area. When it is not extremely crowded (more on that later), the lounge area is an excellent choice to have a few drinks, smoke on their patio, and I have heard the food is pretty good, too. I have no complaints about it when it is a slower weekday night. 
Crescent has been extremely successful and I am very happy to see it do so well. However, on nights of popular shows, or on Saturday nights when they do Kismet, the place is packed. Like WAY too packed. Takes ages to get a drink, and once you do have it, you have to drink it while being pushed and shoved by everyone around you. My biggest complaint though, is the bathroom situation. In the lounge area, there is one toilet. For everyone. This leads to a very long line of people that have been drinking and really need to pee. Also, you're talking about drunk people here, so people have no respect and are constantly cutting in the line or using the private locking bathroom for "recreational" activities. The last time that I was there, it was a Saturday night and I was standing in line for the bathroom. I had been waiting for awhile, when 4 or 5 people rushed into the bathroom. They were in there for-EVER and when they finally opened the door, an enormous amount of pot smoke was rolling out into the main area. Ummmm...believe it or not, it's not funny to hotbox a public bathroom and some people don't actually want a contact high, jackasses.  It was absolutely disgusting having to use that bathroom afterwards. Not to mention, the bathroom there is almost always very dirty, toilet paper everywhere, and everything is always wet. It's gross. I know that Crescent can't control what its customers do, but I hope that they are making plans to add another bathroom or porta-potties or have a way for everyone to use the restrooms in the stage area, or SOMETHING because it really is my only complaint about Crescent Ballroom.