I've been to Salvatore's three times now. The first time was in Sun Prairie, and the last two times have been at their new Madison location.

I've never been as excited about Salvatore's as many are. In Sun Prairie, I found the place very dark and very smoky. Strangely, the poor ventilation issue seems to also be affecting their Madison location. The windows are coated in steam and it's smoky inside. Not quite as dark as the Sun Prairie location, but the black walls are sure trying their hardest to fight the light from the big storefront windows. Just kind of gloomy. The decor overall leaves something to be desired at the new location. It seems like an afterthought, nothing really goes together. 

The pizza is delicious. Not Grampa's-level delicious, but they do have an amazing sauce recipe. On my first visit to the new location, I had the Forza pizza, which had whole cloves of roasted garlic on it, and it was so, so good. Unfortunately, the after effects for my stomach were so, so not good.

In light of that, on my most recent visit I tried the fish tacos, and my dining companion had the veggie version. The light, doubled corn tortillas were done very well, but the fish tacos themselves were almost inedibly hot (as in spicy hot). The pickled veggies were a mixed bag of good and not so good. The pickled brussels sprouts were so good, almost addictive. We also ordered the white bean hummus and veggies appetizer. It was served with hard, dry, tasteless slices of baguette, and the same pickled veggies. The hummus had zero flavoring, as though they had just opened a can of beans and threw them in the blender and called it good. Not so good, as it turns out.

The unfortunate stomach issues happened again after this last visit. Not sure what's up with that. We also had a waiter with a bit of a 'tude, which is always fun. Asked several times for water, and when he finally brought it, he only brought one glass, I said "can we both have one, please?" And he snapped, "well, why didn't you say so?" Or words to that effect. Charming chap. I see that they are currently looking for waitstaff, so maybe this is the best they are able to get right now, for some reason.

I'll give it some time, and try it again. I really, really want to like it more than I do now. The tap beer list is nice, the menu is varied and creative, and I love the location.