Service was inconsistent, food was good quality but not to my taste. Bathroom was weird- some things were automated and others not. Felt like details were skipped.

When we walked in, we were asked if we had reservations. No, but the place was not full, and we were told it would be 20 min wait. Okay, so the four of us went and sat at the bar. We ordered water and got menus and chips and a trio of delicious salsas. Not two min later, we were whisked away to a nearby available table (five feet away). 

It felt like the first server kind of pressured us to order, in the manner she phrased if we were ready. That was just the vibe I got. 

The empanadas were TINY! Delicious though, but lacking much sauce and the side salad was tasteless and an after-thought- it seemed superfluous. Why bother?

After waiting for what seemed like ages, one entree was served- my husband's steak fajita platter. Gradually the rest of our group got served; but my husband had to point out they didn't bring the corn tortilla option he'd selected. So we all sat and waited for those to come, because we weren't going to eat in front of him. Maybe five minutes later the tortillas arrived and we started eating.

I'm an enchilada aficionado. Although they espouse to use fancy organic ingredients, neither variety I ordered was any great shakes, and too spicy for my taste (I like spice too). I didn't care for the refried beans nor the cilantro rice (both bland). 
For about ten minutes I waited for the server to come back and ask how we were (those enchiladas needed sour cream). Finally I flagged a server down. 

The worst part was having plates cleared from some of us while others were not finished eating, "Are you done with this?". I felt like they took my girlfriends plate away before she was!

After all plates cleared, here comes the ghostly waitress again. Trying to get us to order dessert. It didn't seem like they cared about our experience at all and things were inconsistent and spotty and really not very good at all. Would not recommend. C-