Call it non-authentic, chained-out, garbage Mexican food, Someburros it is what it is. And I actually really enjoy the place. 

My "Mom in Law"  frequently orders Someburros party platters of their mini chimis, flautas, burros, etc. for our annual family Christmas Eve gathering, graduation parties, you name it. For what this place is, that's always been exceptionally delicious. 

I especially love their chips and that amazing hot sauce that goes good on anything! 

After spending most of the afternoon volunteering (and didn't do our weekly grocery shopping yet, whoops), Dude and I decided to get dinner before attempting to walk into a grocery store HANGRY!  

This location is always very clean, has friendly counter service. And the chips are free, boom!

Decided to venture off into the deep end having not had much else other than the party platter. 

Ordered that famous Pollo Fundido several of my Yelp friends (and many other) have raved about. 

Marinated chunks of chicken breast wrapped in a flour tortilla, then deep fried and smothered in jalapeño cream cheese, grated cheddar and green onion. 

Dude had the Rod Burro, filled with green and red chili beef, refried beans, chorizo, and capped off with both red and green enchilada sauces and melted cheese. 

All of this came out to just over $15 with two drinks. 

So maybe they were having an off night, but I'm sad to say, the Pollo Fundido sucked. To call that mess atop the burro "cream cheese" is not only a lie, but an insult to real cream cheese because it had the consistency and taste of runny sour cream and no jalapeño taste whatsoever. 

I was super bummed after rave reviews of this! The chicken was also extremely dried out, but the hot sauce managed to save it. 

The Rod Burro; however, was delicious and I had total plate envy. Was it knock your socks off delicious? Definitely not. But Dude enjoyed it, which was great . . . Given how spoiled we are by his Nana's Sonoran Cooking. 

Next time I want fast Mexican food and want to blow 700+ calories and over 35 grams of fat in a single sitting, I'm just going to Qdoba and getting a Chicken Burrito with that heavenly 3-cheese Queso and some habanero salsa. MMM MMM MMM! 

Will I still come to Someburros? You betcha! Their combo plates and chimis are pretty good. 

There's something for everyone here. Check it out for a fast, affordable meal, or if you're hosting a party!