We finally visited this place for the first time the other day. It had been on my list literally since it opened. This is the spot that used to be another restaurant, and they did rather little to the interior and decor to alter it.

For first timers, the setup can be quite confusing. There is no signage or formed lines/barricades directing you (like at Cafe Rio or somewhere). And that left us frazzled and complaining from the start. Some rope and an "order here" sign would go a long way.

So here's how it works: There are 4 areas. One for al pastor, one for a bunch of other meats, one for carne asada, and one for nachos and all other items (in that order, from left to right). Approach what you want and order. Slide down with your tray and keep ordering until you are done and/or reach the cashier. You can get each meat as a taco, a mula, a vampiro, or a couple of other ways. Mulas and vampiros are essentially meat between two tortillas with cheese and other toppings. Mula = soft. Vampiro = crunchy.

Once we figured it out, after approaching the cashier and asking, we got in one of the lines, received a tray, and began placing our order. We had, honestly, never heard of mula or vampiro, so we had to have those explained to us - which was simply showing us a picture. Not particularly helpful, but we felt adventurous. We opted for an al pastor mula and al pastor vampiro. We then proceeded to order the mole fries - sweet potato fries with chicken, cheese, and mole sauce.

The mula and vampiro were good and reasonably priced. The al pastor was quite tasty and seasoned perfectly with loads of flavor. The mole fries were expensive and a left down. You got a lot of them, but they totally lacked flavor.

We also got an order of just chips so we could try out their salsa bar. They had several different salsas and all were tasty. The habanero was easily my favorite. None of the "hot" salsas were actually all that spicy.

All in all, it was an a-ok meal and experience. I think now that we know the process and what everything is, we will have a better experience if we return. In short, the al pastor was super tasty and authentic. The ambiance and experience was lacking.