Almost all the good Mexican restaurants near where we lived have closed over the past 2-3 years so we found ourselves having to drive ever-farther from home to find good burritos. That is, until we saw some poor soul with a yellow Superman-type T-shirt swinging a huge arrow-sign  with "Super Burrito- Super Good!!!!!" standing on a sidewalk near this place. We didn't want to encourage that sort of threatening advertising so we didn't go in that day, but once we did get here, we found out it was indeed Super-Good (with one exclamation point at most, though.)

The menu is short and sweet- burritos! Many different types and sizes to choose from and mix-and-match, from the mini bean-and-cheese to the Super Burrito with guac, rice, pico and your choice of meats (or vegetarian.) We haven't been bold enough to try the tongue burrito, but the chili verde and carnitas are definitely good, as well as the more basic chicken and non-seasoned beef varieties. They also have some enchilada and tamale plates on special but we haven't had those because the burritos are really what you have to go here for. 

As befits a kind of dive-type place, the ingredients are only so-so but put together pretty well once they get in the flour tortillas. The meats are all well-seasoned and the pinto beans are pretty well seasoned too. Chips and salsa is worth it if you are thinking a Super Burrito might not satisfy your hunger, (not sure that would be possible) but you might want to avoid the chips with a nacho cheese sauce which seems to come right out of a can.

There's plenty of seating if you want to stay, but you would have to be a fan of ranchero or corrida music because the owners (or workers) are big fans of a radio station that plays it pretty much nonstop. In a way, though, that fits the general vibe of the place- a burrito bar transplanted from some more urban place (in this case, San Francisco) and plopped down on the dividing line between Las Vegas and Green Valley. 

All in all, if you are looking for pretty good burritos at a fair price, a little out-of-the ordinary and cheesy advertising, Super Burrito is definitely for you.