Maybe we went on an off day/time, but Sabor wasn't that great. We went in on a Wednesday around 7:00pm. It was pretty quiet inside with only one other table occupied. 

We walked in and saw the order counter in front of us, two large LCD's displaying the menu above, and coolers full of beer on the left. They had a good selection of craft and Mexican beers. The decor was plain and simple. Nothing exciting. We ordered, paid, and sat down. Not long after, they called my name and we picked the food up at the counter. 

The food:

Arepa - The star of the plate! Tender, well seasoned chicken stuffed inside a fresh corn flatbread and topped with cheese. I would go back just for this! It is a sizable portion, too.

Pupusa - Spinach and cheese filled. I was largely unimpressed with this. It was really dry and kind of hard, like it had been reheated.

Empanda - Chicken and cheese filled. Unfortunately, the chicken was dry and the filling was under-seasoned.  It outside was nicely cooked. 

Taco Authentico - Steak. Not too bad but not that exciting.

Chips - Warm. Thick. Seasoned (but not evenly). I was ok with them but they weren't my favorite. 

Salsa bar - I was largely unimpressed with the salsa bar. The ice was all melted and most of the containers were empty. It definitely did not look like it did in Ben G.'s photo. Three of the salsas were in squeeze bottles. The hot salsa was hot enough to burn your face off. I'm not a hot/spicy food whimp by any means, but this was straight up burn with no flavor. Extremely underseasoned. The taste reminded me of habaneros that had been blended and bottled. Not my favorite. The salsa verde was supposedly hot but it wasn't that spicy and also flavorless. The best out of the batch was the pink sauce. It wasn't so much a salsa as a crema. I'm not really sure how the pickled onions and cabbage constituted a salsa. 

I like the concept of Sabor but their food just didn't impress me. I'd be willing to give them another shot. Maybe I'll try the burrito next time.