I am giving Blue Agave a 3 star because of the service.  From the hostess who greeted us, our server, to the manager who stopped by our table----friendly, personable, efficient.

Not so much for the food.   Let's start with the chips and salsa.  The chips tasted like those kind that come in a big cardboard box shipped in from Chicago, and we got the bottom of the box and they were stale.  The bowl of salsa we got had no bite and had a weird bitter flavor.  DH asked our nice server for something with some more "bang" and he returned with a bowl he said was chipotle.  It was a little spicer, but it had a weird "dirt" flavor.  Okay, skip the chips and salsa.  But that was really the worse of it.

DH ordered the Ultimate Chimichanga.  I ordered the Stuffed Rellenoes.  Our meals  came out fast, came out hot, and were of generous proportion---which is good, because at 15.99 and 12.99, they weren't cheap, really.  We definitely both brought home half our meals.  And yep, we brought home the leftovers because there was nothing wrong with the meals---they just weren't memorable enough that we'd ever come special to the Blue Agave (we were at BB&B at dinner time).  The pulled pork that was in both my and DH's entrees was bland, though pretty tender.  The whole meal was kind of bland.  Forgettable,  Although I did like that my meal came with a side of sauteed vegetables rather than the inevitable beans and rice.

But it was hot and filling and acceptable and we liked the staff.

BTW---maybe we weren't impressed by our meals, but a lady in a booth across and up from us must have really not liked her dinner, because even three booths away, we could hear her haranguing her server about her meal.  She wasn't pleasant at all.  Hey, People---LISTEN UP!  Your server did not (99.9% of the time) cook your meal.  It;s okay to tell them you didn't enjoy your food, but to subject them to a bitter tirade...c'mon, it's a meal, not a life-altering decision.  There are ways to handle it, like ask to speak to the manager of even the chef, but to natter on at a poor server whose only crime was to carry the plate to your table.  Really?

So if we are back down there shopping, maybe we'd stop in again, but there are some other places in the area I have been wanting to try, so...  I can tell you if they brought the quality of the food to the level of service, we'd be there a couple of times a month.  Kudos to the staff!