Welcome to the land of plenty! If you're looking for large plates stacked high with food, Gran Agave is the place to go.

I visited with a large group of friends and was pleased overall with my experience, even if it wasn't perfect. On walking in our group realized the seats here aren't easily re-arranged to allow groups to sit together, which was doubly complicated because they had a filming crew in taking footage for a commercial. So four of us ended up sitting in a booth while the rest of the group sat at some high tables. I just wish we could've all been together.

The menus were enormous, so if you like choice, you'll like it here! And yeah, like I said earlier, man the dishes here are huge. My table ordered the nacho appetizer and honestly it was probably all we needed food-wise, especially on top of the complimentary chips and salsa that everyone is given at the start of the meal. The nachos were just one large round plate PILED high with chips, meat, guacamole and tomato and lettuce. I also ordered their smallest margarita - their smallest is 32 oz. (So hey, next time you have a bad day at work, you know where to go!)

Where the food began disappointing me was my main course. A lot of other people really liked what they got so I know everything we had as a group overall was mostly good. I think for me it was mostly a texture issue - I had ordered a combo that came with two enchiladas, rice and beans. The "beans" were surprisingly more of a paste, which combined with the filling in my cheesy enchiladas basically made most of my meal...mushy. I know it sounds a little odd to bring up, but hey, sometimes texture can make or break a meal, and sometimes I honestly can't handle mushy food. I also kind of wish the enchiladas had more of a kick to them; the food here IS advertised as being a bit plain compared to what we're used to, though (even says so right on the menu), so that wasn't surprising. To be fair, my main meal really wasn't too bad - it was just a bit of a disappointment after the amazingly delicious nachos.

Last word of advice: beware going into the bathrooms late on a Saturday. I don't think anyone cleaned them since that morning and they smelled really, really bad. Ugh.

I think a fair final say from me is that the food can definitely be a bit hit-or-miss here, but the atmosphere and staff are great, and even the 'meh' food I had was fine and dandy. I'd definitely come back again if someone suggested it.