This was my second time at a Los Dos Molinos, first time at this location.  The first, at the south phoenix location, definitely has a lot more character on the outside and in.  This one just looks like your average strip-mall restaurant/bar.  It's not a particularly inviting part of Mesa, in my opinion, but I was in the mood for something spicy and I had just read the Best of Phoenix 2009 review on the Adovada Ribs and I had to go try it.

So it was just my wife and I with our little girl.  We entered at the south doorway, not really sure what to expect.  The front of the building is all mirrored glass windows with neon signs.  There was a bar and a bigger banquet room behind that, but no one there.  But off to the right, there was a doorway with light and more noise so we cautiously made our way over.  There were about a dozen folks there, at various points in their meal, and that nice homey smell of good food.

We got seated over by the north side, where there was another entrance that we didn't see.  It was kind of a dark corner, but it was okay.  There were a few other folks on this side two, and a big old expresso machine sitting on the other side.  Not sure if that gets used, because it looks more like a decoration.  Anyway, my wife doesn't like real spicy food so she got the bean and cheese burro, but I ordered the Adovada Ribs.  We enjoyed the tortilla chips along with the spicy red and green salsas.  That alone is worth coming out to Los Dos Molinos for.  It has a good burn, but wow, so much flavor and a good garlicky kick.

It took a little while for them to come take our order, but the food came quickly.  There were folks around us having some large, very pretty margaritas, but we weren't drinking.  I'd probably get one next time.  The food was very good.  Served hot and wow, lots of spice!   It's good that they serve pitchers of water along with their food!  It's not just flaming heat, but a very nice complex blend of spice and flavor and heat, definitely not the average "mexican" flavors.  The beans are not the mushed up refried type, but they're stewed and perfectly seasoned and cooked.  My wife's bean and cheese had these beans in it too and it was not just the mush.

I got so full, so quickly, because I was gulping down so much water with every bite!  But it was really really good food and it's definitely somewhere I'd want to bring my friends from out of town.

I docked a star for the location/ambiance and another star for the charging a $1 for extra chips and another $1 for extra salsa.  Not that the salsa isn't worth it, but I just think it should be part of the service at a place like this.  It definitely encourages people to buy more drinks!