the border grill is a mexican restaurant located in the Mandalay Bay Hotel Casino Resort.  It is the last eating establishment along restaurant row. a few of us were already hesitant about eating at a mexican restaurant in section that also has a wolf gang puck's trattoria, red square, fleur de lys,  michael mina's strip steak, etc.   
the decor of this restaurant was outstanding.  the vibrant yellow and orange painted walls decorated with mexican art brightened the whole restaurant in the evening.  i was very surprised at the size of the restaurant.  it has actually two levels with the lower level accommodating larger parties of 6 or more.  the lower level connects to some outdoor seating, which i look forward to taking my lovely dining companion on the milder vegas nights for some drinks.  
we started off on some homemade tortilla chips that had just the right amount of saltiness.   it was complimented so well with the salsa roja and salsa verde.  one of the other red salsas had a fruity tinge to it, but   not strong enough to be identified, so it was uninteresting.  we also ordered guacamole, which was a little more bland than i usually like.   they were generous on the avocado, but i think they could have done a better job in adding some more kick (spice, tanginess, saltiness).
when the waiter mentioned that the Cochinita Pibil was a southern mexican specialty that is rarely found in menus here in the U.S., i immediately knew that i had to order that dish.  basically, it is a specially marinated pork that has been slow roasted with or in banana leaf with cinnamon and grilled onions.  it was accompanied by black beans, rice, and plantains with orange salsa on the side.   sounds yummy, unfortunately after i gave the first bite to the GF, she immediately let me know that i could have the rest of the bite.  i said to myself, "OH NO could it be that BAD?"  i was disappointed at how tough the pork was and how the whole dish lacked any zest.  maybe the tortilla to wrap the meat took away the flavor, or the onions and banana leaf muffled some of the flavors away.  either way, the GFs grilled skirt steak was a lot more tastier.  she ordered it rare and you can actually taste the marinate of garlic, cilantro, cumin, and lime.  she found that her taste buds loved in the beginning and was bored with it towards the end.  i also loved eating her charred corn relish,
i will have to be honest that the price for our meals were a bit high ~$80/2 people for mexican food.  there are tons of other great mexican restaurants/taquerias in las vegas that are much cheaper and better tasting.  i will have to admit that i will return for drinks.  the mojitos (regular or mango) are very delicious.  ask the GF!!!  they were extra sweet, very refreshing, with a minty bite.  they also have caipirinha (a brazilian concoction, which lacked the tang that i was used to).  i yet have to find this drink anywhere else in vegas.