I've waited awhile to post this review because there's so much that could be said. Ah where to start?!? I think this is a place you'll love or hate. One extreme or the other. 


First - the restaurant seemed smallish to me with a kind of odd floor plan. We kept trying to figure out what it was "before". We asked and found out it was always a restaurant. Hmm ok. We sat in what seemed like the main part of the restaurant. It was an awkward area with lots of traffic. 

Second- our waitress asked how we heard of their restaurant. I said I found it on Yelp. My biggest mistake! After that she hovered to the point of being annoying. Stopped by the table to chat too many times and kept telling us her name so we could mention her in our review. Ironically I've forgotten her name. Probably my mind trying to protect me from nightmare of being stalked.  My husband now cringes and gives me "the look" if someone asks and I say I'm a Yelper. What can I say, be fearless- tell them and see what happens!

Third- We were told there would be a longer wait because of a party of 50 that was supposed to order from a specific menu and didn't. We were starving so we over indulged in chips in anticipation of the wait. Then our food came out pretty quickly. Ack! Now I'm full and our food is being served. 

Fourth- the food: I had the chicken chimichanga. Originally without the green sauce as paying $1 for sauce in a Mexican place seems weird. It needed the sauce! Suck up the $1 and order it. With the sauce it was very good and I had lots of leftovers. 

My husband ordered carne asada which he loved it. I hated. It was VERY citrusy. Too much for my taste but he came home and tried to replicate it. Goody. 

The salsas- when you read the reviews about the salsas, they aren't kidding. One is sweet to the point of disgusting and another was so hot it keeps your tongue and lips sizzling. If you do a mix it's ok but honesty - just get some normal salsa. Um- yeah, and my husband liked the super sweet salsa. (Insert boggled face here) I can only say-maybe it was too hot that day and delirium hit? 

Any who - 3 stars as an average because my hubby loved it and I didn't