I'm on the fence about this place still. It could go down to 2 stars or it could go up to 4 stars. I'm currently exercising some forgiveness since it just opened and a few kinks are pretty much inevitable.

When I walked in, I was greeted by 4 hostesses. Yep, 4. I'm assuming it was part of some kind of training. And, technically, I was really only greeted by 1 of them. The others just sorta looked on. I was asked if I wanted to sit in the bar or dining area (bar area includes high tops). I replied that the bar area was fine. The hostess then went back to the other 3 hostesses, conferred for a bit, and then led me to a high top in the bar area.

The bar and dining areas aren't really divided at all. It's all one big room with no physical division. The dining area is all booths for the most part. The bar area is a long bar with stools and then a cluster of high tops, including some high tops that are part booth.

Upon seating me, the hostess explained that the only part of the menu available was - the nachos. The rest of the menu is not available until after January 1st.

And so I sat there for awhile. No one even so much as looked at me. Though, I counted at least 12 staff (hostesses, bartenders, and servers) milling around and there were only 4 other customers in the entire restaurant. But ok, I was waiting for someone, so maybe they were waiting until that person arrived. Nonetheless, seemed strange that no one took my drink order, brought water, etc.

After the person I waiting for arrived, we continued to wait for about another 10 minutes. At that point, a woman who I assume was a manager came over and asked if we'd been helped yet. She then promised that our server would be right over and she took our drink order (stating that the drinks were on her). She was incredibly sweet and friendly. Things were looking up.

The bartender, after being all befuddled at how our drinks could possibly be on the manager, brought us our drinks one by one. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the draft beer selection was rather decent. They have the standards (Bud, Coors, etc.), and they have the slightly better (Blue Moon, etc.), and then also have the way better (Snow Cap, 2 Below, Dogfish Head, etc.).

After a few more minutes, our server arrived. She apologized for the wait and asked if we were ready to order. The nacho list is quite extensive and inventive (and you can also build your own). And all of the nachos are available as a half or full order. We settled on two half orders - the Buffalo Hot and Sloppy Daddy. At this point, we were informed that they didn't have the chips the Buffalo Hot is supposed to come with. Ok then, we'll just have it on regular tortilla chips.

Our server was very nice and was good with timing, checking on us, etc. However, it definitely seemed like she was very new - new not only to this new restaurant, but new to serving. She was super sweet, but seemed a little flustered. In fact, I think the same could be said of the majority of the staff here. And by staff, I mean young, thin females with a strong preference for blondes. Possibly trying a little too hard for a Hooters feel.

It seemed to take a while for our food to arrive, especially considering it is nachos. But it didn't take too long, so all ok. The nachos were pretty good. Good enough to warrant us coming here again. The chicken on the Buffalo Hot was just the right size and perfectly spicy (which in my book, is on the very hot side). The pulled pork on the Sloppy Daddy has a great flavor. And the best part was that they didn't skimp on the cheese. Unlike other plates of nachos, we were not left halfway through eating with a plate of chips and no toppings. The cheese permeated every inch of of the chips. They weren't the best nachos I've ever had. In fact, not even close. But they were different and they were yummy. 

The prices, though, did seem a little high for what you get. You can get full orders of nachos elsewhere for less than the price of the half orders here.

The manager came over two additional times, asking what we had ordered (and making some small talk) and then again after the food had arrived (asking how everything was). Major props.

The decor is nice and everything was very pristine. Several large flat screens in the bar area tuned to different sports channels. Even a couple of flat screens in the corners of the dining section. No gaming. No smoking. Music was neither too loud or too soft - primarily all Top 40.

Overall, a decent experience and a decent place. I fully intend on patronizing here again, especially to see how it is after the kinks are ironed out. And ok, yeah, I might already be craving the Buffalo Hot nachos a little bit.