Two different fountain hills professionals recommended this place to us. Please understand I was raised on Mexican food so this may seem harsh. 

First the chips and salsa. Chips nice and warm and perfectly fine. The salsas not so much. The mild is reminiscent of generic tomato paste. The hot is the same as the mild but a little spice added.  The tomatillo I don't even know what to say. It was green.  We ordered a side of guacamole and it was not what we were expecting. It was just mashed avocados. No seasoning. Not traditional.  

The main dishes. 

I had the pollo fundido everyone raves about. First, I'm not even sure it qualifies as "Mexican" food, but that's beside the point.  From what I gather, this dish is grilled chicken breast wrapped in a tortilla and deep fried a la chimichanga style topped with the fundido sauce and shredded cheddar cheese. The "fundido" sauce (cream cheese and jalapeños) was very rich, creamy, and flavorful. It was quite good.  The cheddar cheese they might as well have just skipped it due to how little cheddar cheese was on it.  The biggest problem I had with this dish however, was the chicken itself. To say it was "dry" would be an understatement. It was super dry. Tough. And stringy. The side of rice was ok but nothing worth writing about. 

The other entrée we had was the cheese enchiladas in red chile sauce. Not much to write about here either. Canned red enchilada sauce over melted cheese in a tortilla, rice as in the other dish, and beans.  

The service and atmosphere were outstanding and the only reason I give 3 stars.  The service was 4+ star. The prices for what we got?  Not. 

I'll definitely try again and hope for better results.

Edits:  see pics. 

Jalapeño rellenos?  There was no chicken and really nothing worth mentioning. I won't order this again and that is a disappointment to me because I love jalapeño poppers, rellenos (if you want to call them that), etc. 

The "tacos" I had were of the carne asada variety. Two things:  I've never had carne asada tacos with cabbage. And I've never been served a dish in restaurant wrapped in aluminum foil.  

That "sopapilla" I won't even discuss. It should be removed from the menu. Oh. Wait. I don't think it's on the menu.

Lastly, one of our party asked for gluten free options and was told they didn't have any. So. Just be aware of that.