Joining the BF's colleagues for dinner, Border Grill was the choice for the evening.  When approaching the restaurant after walking through the maze of Mandalay Bay, it may appear that Border Grill isn't very large.  However, you'll find lots of large tables available downstairs too.  

They seat you down with plenty of salty tortilla chips and a tiny platter of three sauces.  There was one that was green that I just loved, and another one of the two red ones that was yummy too.  

Drink orders first!  I had their Cruzan Mojito, which is described as "Cuba's most popular cocktail; cruzan estate light rum muddled with fresh mint, lime, and a touch of soda."  This was oh-so yum and among the best mojitos ever.  However, not so strong but tasty indeed.  I also tried someone else's Mango Mojito and it was oh-so yummy too!  The BF had the Caipirinha, which is "a Brazilian classic, fresh juices muddled with sugar drowned in ypioca cachaca."  It tasted a bit better than my previous experience with Caipirinha, but still a bit strong tasting.

Our waiter was super friendly and a such a doll.  They get you going when they offer the Guacamole (mashed avocado with cilantro, red onion, jalapeo, and lime).  It's standard fresh guacamole, nothing particularly special about it but it does come with a little salad of something or other on the side.

Not sure what to order, I ask for suggestions from the waiter and comes up with a few.  I decide on the Grilled Skirt Steak, which is "marinated in garlic, cilantro, cumin, and lime; served with charred corn relish, tomato avocado salad, and black beans."  I chose my steak rare and it came out nicely to my liking.  The initial bite was very enjoyable...tasty and delicate.  However, as I ate the rest of my steak, I felt it lacked some flavor.  I ended up dipping my steak into the sauces left on the table for the chips to give it a kick.  The tomato avocado salad was a nice blend of heirloom tomatoes that was a nice accompaniment, but the charred corn relish was a bit too hard for my tastes.  (The BF finished it off though.)  And the black beans were standard too.  This came with a large flour tortilla that I ended up not eating.

The BF had the Cochinita Pibil, which is "achiote marinated pork slow roasted in banana leaf with cinnamon, grilled onions, black beans, and plantain orange salsa."  It was recommended by the waiter because it came from southern Mexico and is considered a rare dish to find on a menu.  I took the first bite and gave it back to the BF.  The pork was nothing special and I was disappointed.  The BF wasn't so impressed either as he kept on eating my steak instead.  It came with corn tortillas that the BF felt overpowered the pork.  And the plantains were okay too.

Overall, the food was okay.  Dinner for the two of us costs $84, which is definitely not worth it when eating Mexican food.  (Both of us have been to central Mexico, so it's a little hard to justify spending so much on this type of food.)  I would be curious if they had a happy hour just for drinks and appetizers though.  Then you'll see me coming back to drink up on their mojitos! 

Sidenote:  Watch out for their elevator.  With the six of us in it, it made a funny sound that had us catching our breath for a moment.  And I know we didn't eat all that much now!