Notice the mixed reviews from all the Yelpers? Well this is a mixed-experience place. You would have to come here wanting Mexican food (Tex-mex to be precise - authentic Mexican food isn't served here), but not expecting to be amazed. And then they will either delightfully surprise you, or let you down completely. 

Me and the hubby-wubby-kins have eaten her on date night too many time to count. We first started coming here when we were dating for their $1 Tijuana Tuesday deal. If you sit in the bar area you will be served $1 tacos all you want all night long. Then they have drink specials (we only ever order margaritas, but they have bucket-o-beer specials too) unti 7pm. This is a fantastic deal - you get to choose between chicken, ground beef, or shredded beef and crunchy or soft shell. Free chips and salsa to boot. However, service is hit-and-miss in the entire restaurant and you take an extra risk on such a busy night in the bar area. Was it worth it for the tacos? Hell yes. 

After frequenting this place every Tuesday while pregnant with my first son, we discovered their Thirsty Thursdays. Premium tacos for only $2 until 7pm with drink specials (strawberry margaritas are only $2 also - a supreme favorite of ours). You can choose between beef brisket (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - who knew I would like barbeque sauce on a taco???), chipotle chicken, or carne asada (tex-mex. tex-mex. tex-mex. not REAL carne asada - so don't get your hopes up). Also an amazing deal. Since they're less busy on Thursdays, this isn't a bad gamble. Once we did have to sit without drinks for about 20 minutes, but I can let that slide. They're not getting a 5 star rating. 

I've eaten in the regular restaurant, and I wouldn't go back to this place if they didn't have the specials in the bar area. The food is overpriced and often bland, though I did get a salad once that I thought was tasty. The service is mediocre at best and for some reason they're super popular "Guacamole Live" appetizer (where they make it fresh tableside) has been "unavailable" both times I've eaten in the restaurant and wanted it. 

If you're looking for a cheap, satisfying dinner Tex-mex style, come here and sit in the bar for their specials. Otherwise, you might be disappointed.