I was set to try a burrito and all the flavored fries....uh yeah they don't make them anymore. 

They restructured their menu and it now includes only:

Tacos: beef, chicken, pork or tofu&egg,-  1- $2.78 or 2-$4.63
(not so) Fries- seasoned fries $1.16 so no more flavor options
Crazy Dough $1.16
Jumbo "Nate" Dog $2.78
12 oz Drinks $1

We got for ourselves, mom and grandma to share 4 pork tacos, 2 tofu&egg, 2 (not so) fries, and 2 crazy doughs. 

I'm going to be the first somewhat negative review, but seriously I came here excited for some "Seoul" Fusion tacos and it came up short. Let me preface that I am from LA and have been eating my way through all the fusion food trucks when the craze started. You can say that I've had the standard, the grail to which I will judge all others heavily. Oh, and I know how to pickle, brine and kimchee with the best of them and I have done fusion tacos all my life being part of a blended family (filipino adobo tacos, ethiopian tibbs tacos, duck confit tacos, "bahn mi" tacos, BBQ pulled pork and beer slaw...yeah I go there with my food). 

Even if I didn't have "experience" in this food genre, there was something off about the food. Not trying to be the "expert" asshole, but just saying, I know what kimchee should be like and what is good fusion since that is my style of cooking. Though the kimchee had a right amount of spice to set off the food but not  be overwhelming for meek palettes, the flavor was off and was going in a sort've bitterish, weird flavor that threw off all of us. That is my main shtick is the fusion part of the taco was not good- that is not how kimchee is supposed to be. It can be savory, a bit sour, a bit salty/briny, but bitterish and odd flavor I can't place is a no go. Best way I can describe it is if you were to botch up or have a spoiled batch of kimchee. I had a bad jar once and later found it wasn't not only sealed loosely, but my dad ate pieces out of it with the spoon he was eating lunch with contaminating it hence the off fermented spoilt flavor. So the tacos are fairly big flour tortillas but it was mostly filled with lettuce. The pork was cubes, not the usual shredded, and was soft and juicy and nice on their own, but sparse. The Tofu Egg had a lot of tofu egg in the taco compared to the pork.. It was mashed tofu mixed with the egg and with the very wet kimchee made for a soggy texture that just wasn't working for me. Also, the wetness made it a bitchfit to even eat the tacos because they were stuck to the paper container and ripped holes into my taco so it was then a "bowl" instead of a taco. I think it needs a "heavier" fry to stand up to the wetness of the kimchee (I personally would do crispy/fried tofu cubes and shredded omelette instead of blended together) or drain the kimchee a bit better before putting on the taco to avoid a large amount of the sog factor. The BF left this Tofu&Egg alone after a few bites and that guy kept saying "I'm soo hungry" in the car after we decided to skip "lunch" at 1, go to errands and go eat later here at 4. Apparently not hungry enough to down his taco. 

Fries were yummy- crispy, not greasy and a good amount of seasoning on them. Crazy dough was good- it was crispy and doughy and not greasy at all, but it definitely needed more sugar coating on it (I dipped them in honey at home). 

I think Vegas needs street food since every great city has great street vendors so I give kudos to anyone who wants to get into the food stand/truck culture and start this city off. For that, I gave it a very fair 3 stars (being VERY nice) and for the fact that my fries and dough were tasty. However, I can't just live off dough and fries alone as a meal and I'm afraid as the way the cards fall that's all I'll be ordering and only if I'm at Lee's already feeling like having a snack. They were doing some sort of promotional stuff at Lees and even had a Hanshik raffle so very well an "event" can boggle things up.  I will come back maybe in a few months and try one taco again to give it a fair chance, but as it stands it's something I hesitate ordering again. The BF does not want to go back, he says he was really disappointed.

 I was set to go to Blue Nile Ethiopian food for lunch, Crown bakery for dessert  and dinner at the Slider Truck then the BF got the idea to go to this instead to bring to his mom and grandma food who weren't feeling to well. Yeah, today I feel I got shafted out of a good eating day at three places to go to one place that didn't live to the hype....I was pretty pissed I starved part of the day to eat w/ the family instead at a place near them. I have to resurrect it myself by getting in my kitchen late tonight and doing up something Chef worthy. It might have been an off day for them and everyone can have that, but shit it made my seeming good day off. It wasn't their fault we chose to come at that day and time, but we expected something worth giving up my day for and that leaves me bitter as the kimchee.