As fast food goes, I generally avoid it like the plague that it has become, but when our company received an envelope full of two-for-one coupons, with my limited choices for decent and affordable lunches downtown on days that I'd not prepped something at home, Qdoba won me for at least a try, and they became like my fifth in line for something to eat downtown.

These coupons were only good for this one specific location downtown, so this location got us.

I have to say, I wasn't disappointed, and over the course of the next two months, we went through quite a few of these coupons. Almost every time we went in, the place was really busy, but they've divided it into two lines. One for burritos only, and the other for the rest, and it seems to work out rather well for keeping a smooth and timely flow. 

The food itself is pretty good. I mean it IS fast food, so the crew from The Chew won't be standing in line to assess its gourmet goodness, but considering the crap that most conveyor belt fast fooderies crank out, Qdoba actually puts out a decent edible and I dare say even tasty product. I've gotten steak burritos and nachos, and neither have disappointed. They are decent sized, filling, and come with that thing that eludes a lot of fast food factories...flavor. It's not what I'd call cheap, nor is it expensive. For what you get, it's about right. The steak doesn't taste like freeze dried dog food, and the additives like guacamole and cheese are fresh. 

Additionally, the staff at this particular location isn't the usual paper-hatted line-up of minimum wage zombies. Some of them are actually kind of adorable, including the little guy who usually starts you off in the burrito line. A slightly cherubic guy, he's friendly, being the starter of the burrito, with the tortilla, meat and rice/beans, seems to genuinely like his customers, and then he passes you on to the next staff member who will stuff the remainder of goodies into your burrito, and usually, they're just as friendly. 

All in all, this is a nice option for a downtown quick lunch. Decent food, ok prices, pleasant staff, and a quick in-and-out. A chain worth linking with.