The mission: good Mexican food in Glendale. Should be like shooting fish in a barrel, right? You'd be surprised how much mediocre and downright bad Mexican food there is on the West Side.

Not only that, but I like a place with table service and booze, and if my server speaks English, or at least as much of it as I speak Spanish - that's a bonus. We'll meet halfway.

I was a little anxious about trying El Charrito. I had only found reviews on less-trustworthy sites than Yelp, and they have a website -- a pretty nice one at that. Seems like places with great downhome cooking don't have websites, and if they do, they're crappy.

However, El Charrito surprised me. I have been to Caramba, across the street, many times, and never noticed El Charrito. It's between a tattoo shop and something unremarkable.

Inside, it's brightly painted, yet cozy, due to the low ceilings and dim lighting. Seating is mostly booths, which I dig. There is also a bar. The two big TVs were showing wrestling and Good Evening Arizona.

Our friend was already at the table, so we joined her and immediately plowed into the chips. OMG. They were so light and crisp. Not as warm as I would like. But so light. The salsa, well... it was the traditional style, and just salty, not very spicy or otherwise flavorful.

The menu features all your traditional favorites, plus some more upscale options such as mojo garlic shrimp and chicken mole. I also noted some specials that looked promising, like a grilled fish with spinach.

When it came time to order, we had some communication issues with our server. But we got through it, thanks to the universal language of food and lots of hand signs. I ordered a Negra Modelo and the pollo asado. 

It looked really good, and the portions were generous. It came with a huge salad (nothing fancy, just your usual iceberg, tomatoes, etc.), a pool of refried bean, and fries. I was so down with having fries instead of rice. 

The chicken was salty and yummy, but the white meat was a bit dry. The beans were kind of thin and pale. But I don't care too much for refried beans anyway. All in all, it was pretty good.

My dining companions demolished their chimis, so I assume they were good. I'm thinking next time I'll order a special, or maybe one of the more popular dishes.

I would call this adventure a success! I would certainly go back to El Charrito. Oh and you can hit up their website for a 15% off coupon!