This is the Subway of "Mexican" food. I emphasize the "  " since this is a American interpretation. It is also pretty consistent at this branch with being fresh tasting, aside from one time we came right before closing and the meats were a bit dried out. One thing to improve on, like Connie R. said, is cleaning the tables. Sometimes we have to flag down someone to wipe it down. 

It is seemingly healthy, and in some ways it is with naturally raised grilled meats and fresh prepared rice, beans, salsas, veggies, etc. It tastes fresh and simple so it gives the impression it is all good and fine. I thought that too and didn't really put much stock in it other than the taste. I thought it probably had a lot of calories simply because of the size, that can be two meals for a lot of people, but didn't think much of its nutrition other than that. I thought, this is a great alternative to the usual fast foods. 

However, I recently found out that this was owned by McDonalds (they were the ones that expanded the brand until 2006 when McD sold). They first to start the pre-prepped food that is high in sodium, preservatives and fat to equal +cheap food with higher profit margins trend. That got me to do a lot of digging...I dont ever trust that fucking clown. Though the meat is natural and salsas and guacamole is freshly prepared somehow McDonalds has managed to mess up the fresh ideal by putting a fuckton of sodium in the food. Why? I don't know, if food is fresh, why do you need it? I swear, somewhere out there I think McDonalds is secretly funding research on artificial transplant organs, owns part stake in Plavix, Jenny Craig, and Freestyle diabetic meters to maximize their profit in a product progression cycle. 

I like a Bol with Carnitas, rice, black beans, tomato, corn, a little green salsa, cheese, sour cream and lettuce. Big ass bowl doesnt sound too bad at 780 calories but apparently it also has Fat 32G (49% daily value), Saturated Fat 15G (75% ), Cholesterol 140mg (47%) , sodium 2310mg (96%), carbs 71g( 24%), dietary fiber 15g (60%), sugars 13g, protein 51g 

Real fresh food doesn't need it. That much sodium is enough to give someone hypertension even though they are eating Chipotle, which is supposed to be "healthy". If I add guacamole and chips, which we sometimes do, I'm at 2940mg, 122% of daily intake. I have a fairly fragile health system so I have to watch out for things like these and I'm sure I'm not the only person who needs to know these things.  Everything else is fairly high, but that is a reflection in portion size. If you count that bowl as two proper servings then the calories,  the fat, proteins, fibers, etc. is very fair of a serving as per meal. Still, MSNBC Health placed the burritos on their list of the "20 Worst Foods in America" because of their high caloric content and high sodium. 

Hey, if I'm going to do fast foods on occasion it will probably be a "better" choice like Chipotle that actually taste pretty good and is hormone free, but just saying- though it is fresh and natural, it is not as healthy as it is marketed and perceived by the public to be.