I'm going to be honest just like I will do with any review,

I'll start if with the service, it was excellent. They were attentive and very very nice and polite, granted I was only there to order something to go but they were still overly nice. The place is super clean and I think anyone can appreciate a clean restaurant. The salsa bar was clean and the salsas were very tasty I took one of each because I'm a salsa fan but no guacamole at salsa bar, no bueno. 
I'm from Mexico born and raised on "real" Mexican food, which is where my problem started. I think the "three starts" I'm giving could have been because I ordered the wrong things based on my taste. I ordered the "Gordas Wipe out" which is a burrito made enchilada style. If you are Mexican than you know that huge burritos aren't really Mexican and that enchilada style is really not a Mexican thing so on my part that was a mistake for ordering that.  The burrito was good I'm not going to say it was bad or anything it was good and it was huge! I didn't finish it and I was stuffed. The problem was that my clumsy self didn't really read the menu right and it could have been because the overly nice person at the register wouldn't stop recommending me things and I'd rather listen to them than read the menu. My passion is pastor/adovada, but like another person in a new restaurant I wanted to taste everything. The person at the register kept insisting on the wipe out stating it has a little bit of everything and so when I heard everything I imagined adovada asada and chicken, I don't know why that came to my head, maybe cause I had just gotten done explaining how much I love adovada/pastor. Well I get my food and come to work to eat the nice huge burrito. I have no clue what the guy meant by "a little bit of everything" because it only had rice beans shredded beef and sour cream.  I guess I was still stuck and getting three meats that I was disappointed like I said it could have been my fault.

The prices are also a bit high. Being that I work in the area I can proudly say that I have been to almost every restaurant and food truck in this area and this has by far been the one with the highest prices, I paid around 7.50 for the burrito but once again it was big. Yes I get it, it's not a food truck so It doesn't have food truck prices but in this area tacos for over 1.50 are pricy specially Baja tacos because they are small, I think here they are over 2 bucks. Now they have great reviews so it might have just been me and what I ordered and my mistakes. Although I think it's a bit pricy for the area I will give it a second chance because of the friendly service and the cleanliness of the place and also because I love to support locally owned businesses. 

I promise that when I go the second time and it blows me away like it did most of the people who are writting reviews on here I will change this review and update with a new one.