I am quite surprised at the current ratings of this restaurant! (1.5 stars), I guess mainly because the lack of reviews. I actually have been really wanting to try this restaurant since I live close by Santa Fe Station and see the specials for this restaurant all the time. And since Stations Casinos is so kind as to offer dining credits to us all the time, it was time for some Mexican food!

Well, this is your average chain restaurant. The food was very average. The items we had were not AMAZING and were not horrible either. I have posted pictures of the food we did order.

I would actually rate this place 3.5 stars. The bonus for the chips and dip you get when you first get seated. The chips were warm and they offer 4 different dips! (3 levels of spicy, and a bean dip.) I loved it all! I guess almost filled up on that alone, but I wanted real food.

Me and the bf ordered the Cabo Party Platter $11.99 (appetizer) to share and the Combo #6 ($12.99) to share. The appetizer was pretty good. But not great. More than half the plate (quite a good sized order) was of nachos which were not that great, but the dip that came with us (an orangey colored creamy dip) was awesome for everything on the platter. The quesadillas were ... bland. But the other items on the platter were good.

And Combo #6. Slightly disappointing. The Chili Relleno was just bad. Pretty tasteless. The Chicken Tamale was also disappointing. Barely had any filling. But the beef taco was yummy!

I think we filled up too much on chips and saved no room for dessert. Bummer. I wanted to try the deep fried ice cream. Oh well.

Service was not too bad. We got seated right away and got the chips and dip right away and she actually explained each dip. But we were so into the menu and chips we didn't realize nobody came to take our drink orders. Until about 10 minutes later. But then they took our food orders right after. And it was less than 15 minutes and we got our food. The server came back to check on us a couple times. All was well. The booths and tables were clean. I do agree about the uniforms, they suck.

Overall, average. But kudos for the chips and dip :)