Have eaten here many times. the most recent visit was just last nite. myself and two friends, we were warmly greeted. Our drink order taken and without hesitation fresh totopos(corn chips) and two fresh salsas were brought to our table. Their salsas are always very good,.flavourful with a good amount of kick and not overly salty. one friend ordered chicken tacos with rice and beans, the other ordered steak burro with a side of beans, I ordered bean sopes..two of us ordered jaimiaca  for  beverages.my friend says his chicken tacos were fine, but that they were smaller then usual and that the amount of rice and beans on his plate was also small. my friend said his steak burro was very good. just that it was lacking any thing interesting. their was only meat in the burro no tomatoes no onions said it tasted good it could have had some thing else. my sopes were very good but on the small side. this place gets a extra star from me because they always grill my sopes instead of frying them and not all restaurants will do that. I must say this time the sopes were smaller and they did not have much beans on them in fact they didn't put much on them at all. usually they are topped with beans lettuce oinons and shredded cheese this time it was just a small  amount of beans, and just a tiny amount of lettuce. I also orderd chillis torreados with onions. the chillis  are always perfect here they don't over cook them. the onions on the other hand are always very oily and over cooked. Over all I like this place and would recommend.  the fact that they have sopes and huaraches. Because if you look most Mexican restaurants don't have sopes, gorditas or huaraches. At least on my local restaurant search. their are just a handful of restaurants that offer this on the menu. 

The staff here is always accommodating and friendly.  the price is average and just about what you would pay at any other Mexican restaurant. 

have yet to find...... Does anybody know a good Mexican restaurant that makes the corn tortillas fresh daily, and a big plus if they make them by hand .  just the best so delicious, theirs nothing better.