It was a rainy day, so being the kind person that I am, I agreed to drive my wife to My Sister's Closet in North Scottsdale.  She thought I was wonderful, until she saw that there was a Hornaceks Golf Store in the same shopping center.  Imagine, she questioned my motives!!  So to make it up to her, I took her to Jalapeno Inferno Bistro Mexicana.  

We just happened to time it so that we were seated immediately.  We were  given chips and a red salsa, which was rather bland.  When the waiter found out that we had never been there before, we were also given a free sweet green corn tamale.  It was quite good, but not quite what I was looking for.  I wanted HEAT.  So I asked him if they had a hotter salsa.  He brought out their hot salsa, which still wasn't very hot - so then I asked for a side of fresh chopped jalapeno peppers.  After adding that to the salsa, it began to have a little heat to it.

After looking through the menu, my wife decided that she liked the tamale so well, she ordered two more of them off the appetizer menu.  The menu was quite extensive, and had a lot of choices.  I finally decided on the Enchiladas Nuevo Mexico, off of the "Some Like It Hot" section of the menu.  My wife was very happy with the sweet corn tamale.  I thought the enchiladas were very good, but still lacking in the hot factor.  So it was simple - I added more fresh jalapenos, and that helped it a lot.

So all in all, it was a good experience.  The service was excellent, the bistro was quite attractive on the inside, and the food was above average.  I always drink Dos Equis Amber, so I can't judge the wine or mixed drinks.  My only complaint was that with "inferno" in the name,  they should allow at least an option of spicing up the salsa or entrees.

At  best, the salsa was bland, and the enchiladas, while spicy, were not "hot".  I thought my expectations might have been to high based on the name, but my wife, who is not fond of "hot" foods, also thought the food somewhat bland.

But, of course, the best part was that my wife did forgive me for visiting the golf shop.  That made it worth the trip.