While wandering around looking for a place to eat, my friends and I stumbled upon China Poblano.  Once someone pointed out to me that it is a Jose Andres restaurant, I knew I had to try it.  Although I didn't think it was his best, I enjoyed every dish I had for one reason or another.

Like most of his restaurants, China Poblano is more of a tapas-style place in that they serve up smaller plates intended to be shared amongst a group.  Eating in this manner, I was able to try three different dishes. The first were the lamb pot stickers which were small in size, but surprisingly filling.  I enjoyed the "crispy lace" (in essence, extra fried bits from the pan, which is never a bad thing) and thought they were well made, but overall didn't find them different enough from anything I've had before.  On the other hand, the two types of tacos I tried were both tasty and very original.  The Viva China taco has soft beef tendon, Kumamoto oyster, and a touch of a slightly spicy sauce on top.  The oyster was the real standout here, as the softness of it complemented the texture of the tendon, while the natural saltiness of it really added a punch to the dish.  The other taco I tried was the Pancita al Pastor, which is slow-cooked pork belly and pineapple.  If you know me, you know I love pork belly, so this was a big winner.  The saltiness of the tender pork belly balanced so well with the sweetness of the pineapple and made for a great dish.

We also ordered some drinks.  I shared the cold "tea" for two, which was a mixture of green tea, tequila, and beer.  The presentation was nice, as it comes out in a tea pot and is served in a couple nice glasses, but flavor was a bit off.  Although I found it a refreshing drink, I thought they added a bit too much lemon to it and wished there was more of a green tea flavor.  Another friend ordered the lemon drop "soup," a lemon vodka drink with lemon "noodles" made out of a gelatin-like substance.  It also seemed very refreshing, and the "noodles" were an interesting touch.

Overall, I really enjoyed my lunch at China Poblano.  Although it was a little expensive for a normal lunch, spending $25 to share 3 dishes and a drink at a Jose Andres restaurant seemed pretty reasonable.  Although it wasn't quite good enough to break into 4 star territory (felt like more of a 3.5 to me) I would definitely recommend checking it out if you are a fan of his, or if you are just looking for something different to try.