I love chinese food and I love mexican food. What can go wrong? A couple of things. First things first, this place is more of a "rice bowl" kind of place. I thought it was going to be more diverse as far as the menu goes, but its mainly rice bowls you get with different kinds of meats. The ordering was a little confusing at first, but one of the employees helped us out and I got the 2-item bowl and got the jade chicken and hengrenade chicken with all rice(jerk). I also ordered a jade chicken quesadilla on the side.

I'm gonna admit, this place looks kinda dirty. I don't think Arizona uses those health department letter grade system like California does, but if I were to just judge by how it looked inside, i'd give it a "C" grade lol. We waited for about 15 minutes or so and finally got our food. We took it to go and ate at our hotel room. 

Mmmm... the food was just alright. The jade chicken was nothing special. It tasted like any generic chinese fast food orange chicken/sesame chicken variant. The hengrenade chicken, although was the less spicier version of the jerk chicken, was still pretty spicy for me. Just be warned the jerk chicken is super spicy. If you aren't sure, ask for a sample at the restaurant before ordering, but it was way too spicy for me. 

The jade chicken quesadilla was decent, but nothing special. Just imagine orange chicken in between a tortilla and cheese. A friend of mine ordered a jade chicken burrito and we were confused when we pulled it out of the bag because it was literally the size of Mcdonald's apple pie. If you order the burrito, be warned that it's a burrito for gnomes and smurfs, but he said it was tasty. 

They provide a snicker doodle sugar cookie for each meal and it was decent, again nothing special. 

Not gonna lie, the next day my stomach felt like a little mexican dude and chinese dude were wrestling and throwing molotov cocktails inside. I used the bathroom like 5 times. I don't recommend eating this place if you have a lot to do the next day.