My friend and I went to eat here while we were out of town with our kids.  The kids didn't really care either way about the food or service so I'll only talk about kid food quickly and just note what the adults observed and from two different prospective:

We were sat pretty quickly and given our menus.  I thought the menu was boring and lacked any kind of imagination.  My friend thought it was swell.  (Menu has brunch and 10 different kinds of Mexican food orders all "tex-mex" style).

They have a Bloody Mary bar and a Mimosa bar which is actually kinda cool and something that I had never seen before.  You order the booze, they bring it to you and you go to the bar and put in your fixins.  The offer different tomato juices, garnishes,  and spices for the Mary's and then OJ and different berries for the mimosas.  My friend got a Mimosa and had fun doing it.  I drank tea 'cause I don't dig on boozing it up before 6:00.  

The decor is pretty cool.  They are trying to be super up-scale but it's not really working.  It really just looks like any other chain I've ever been - it was nicer than say......a Chevy's but I wasn't horribly impressed.  My friend thought it was pretty neat and enjoyed the fun liquor bottle tree they had on display.  (Wrought Iron with empty bottles glued to the stems).

Okay - DRUM ROLL - Food time:

They serve cornbread where most places would serve chips and salsa.....I think that's weird.  My friend thought it was cool and said it was very tasty.  I'd just as soon have them take $2.00 off the bill and keep it away from me when my palate is gearing up for the Mexican dishes.

We both got the Smoked Chicken Enchiladas.  They totally don't come with quac and they charge $1.00 for it.  - NOT COOL.  The Enchiladas are not really Enchiladas.  They are two small soft shell taco tortillas with cheese and chicken in the middle of them.  Basically it's a $13.00 quesadilla.  It does come with rice and black beans and it does fill you up but it shouldn't be called an Enchilada.  I thought mine was just A-OK, bland and boring.   My friend got a chicken bone in hers.  It was pretty sizeable - probably about an inch long.

One kid got a burger which he liked.  The other kid got the poached eggs w/ potatoes.  He said the eggs were awesome but the potatoes were pretty poor and he wouldn't order them again.

My friend complained about the bone so the Manager took that entree off her bill and gave her a free slice of pie which was nice of him.

They have $10.00 tableside guac which is about 1/2 an avocado............huh.......all I'm saying is I can totally dice up 5 of my own avocados for that price.

I wouldn't go back.  I wanted to give this place 2 stars because the food was boring and the whole experience lacked anything worthy of memory retention.  I ended up giving it 3 because the Manager cared enough about bones to give away free pie.  

My friend hated this place and if it were up to her the review would be lower.  But it's my Yelp, not her's so 3 stars it is.