My buddy calls me a week ago, he says: I reserved a cabana at Sandbar for next weekend, can you go? 

Not knowing anything about Sandbar, my first thought is: ... a cabana? This guy's known me for 20 years. When have I Ever given him the impression that I want to hang out in a cabana?  ... An effing cabana!? 

I answer: Sure man! What time?

Fast Forward One Week...

It's Saturday night around 9:30-10pm. I pull into the parking lot and I see Sandbar Mexican Grill. Oh ok, I get it. This must be a little Mexican restaurant that has cabanas and we're going to eat and make interesting conversation. This should be fun!

I walk up and first notice the motorcade of taxis hanging around outside. Hmm interesting. Then I almost reach the door, and there are 3 door men... ok... that's a bit odd for a Mexican restaurant in a suburban outdoor shopping mall, I thought. The one guy who checked my ID was really nice. I told him I was meeting some friends but they hadn't arrived yet. He told me to go on in and grab a drink. So far so good, I guess. 

I opened the door and get bombarded with loud club music, in a dimly lit club-like atmosphere. I'll be honest, I went into fight or flight mode. I turned right back around and proceeded to walk outside, then told the friendly door man I'd wait for my friends to arrive. To my car I went, to contemplate ways to feign illness so I wouldn't have to go back into that awful environment. 

Then I got the call... We're here, where are you? 

Actual: I'm in my car hyperventilating. 

What I said: Cool, I'll be right there.

We all checked back in with the helpful door man and were then escorted like some kind of VIPs to this coveted cabana area. The ladies sat down and us guys stood and talked college football... because that's what men do, right? 

A nice young lady came up and took our drink orders. It was at this time that I realized how old I am because I just called her a "nice young lady". We were fitted with wrist bands that symbolized to the other people in the bar that we were awesome, and only we could enter the cabana area. Only Us! Not You! There were even four tough looking chaps guarding the entrance to the cabanas so no "unauthorized" people could enter. I felt like such an asshole. 

My friends ordered some food. I didn't eat. It was way too late (another sign I'm old). The food looked okay. They seemed to enjoy it.

We had a few drinks, chatted and stayed until about 12:30am. I enjoyed the time with my friends, but this is not a place I would generally choose as a hangout. At least not at night. It may be less... umm what's the word... douchey, during the day. 

The people bumping, the people grinding, the people making out in the cabana next to ours... this just wasn't my scene. If you're in your twentys and single, you may enjoy the night life at this place. I'm neither of those and hope I never have to come back.