I browsed the market itself, which was a bit smaller than i expected. i guess that what the market had were the things that one could find practically nowhere else in pittsburgh in order to make some decent authentic mexican/caribbean dishes. frankly, even though i only visited it a week ago, it was definitely not a very memorable store.  drink selections were lacking with little more than the usual jarritos.

i tried the taco stand outside next: while they said they offered empanadas, it was sunday afternoon around 1PM and the gentleman said that they had run out.  Frankly they take these ready-made empanadas and microwave them before serving them to the customer, so i don't understand why they coudln't have just gotten some more from the huge mound of empanadas i saw in the store just minutes before. but i was too lazy to ask. also, they microwave the empanadas on styrofoam plates....no comment.

the 1 taco for $3/ 2 tacos for $5 was probably the best deal that I could find in pittsburgh for some close to authentic mexican tacos as i coudl find.  They indeed pack your taco with a lot of the fixings, but in doing so, they don't realize that all the juicyness that comes from the meat (especially the lengua) causes the little corn tortilla to rip very easily.  i have not been any other mexican joint that serves these style tacos with only one little corn tortilla: they're always made with two corn tortillas with the presumed purpose of protecting rippage.  one star off for that.  The salsa on the side that was left out that was the perfect consistency of the type of salsa i like (non chunky) was somehow too dry.  this may have been due to lack of freshness.  if only it were fresher, it would have been a nice complement to my tacos. on the upside, they prepare the meat from scratch, putting a little blot of uncooked meat on their grill, while they prepare it in front of your eyes. that was a welcome difference for this joint compared to other taco joints.

all in all, compared to the other place in pittsburgh i've tried for tacos (Mexico City), I'd much rather come here.  closer, cheaper, and tastier. mexico city does not do mexican food justice.