Location
Located in Southern Highlands, a master-planned community located on the southern side of Las Vegas, on W. Cactus Avenue, a main thoroughfare through the community.  Sits next to a beauty salon.  Lots of free parking.   It's a chain, though, so they're located all over Nevada and California.

Atmosphere
Your standard "walk up to the county and order your food and take it home" or "walk up to the counter and eat it inside because you're too hungry to wait to go back home" restaurant.  It had festive colors on the walls.  Bathrooms in the rear of the restaurant.  Lots of wall outlets!  (Which was good because my phone was dying and I need somewhere to charge it!)

Service
It's not fast food, but you can tell the food is being made fresh to order, so there is a little bit of wait before your food is ready.  The cashier was very friendly and made small talk with me and my friend while we waited for our food.

Food/Drink
I'm from the East Coast, so we don't have "real" Mexican food.  My favorite fast-food chain is Del Taco (think of Taco Bell, but cheaper and you can get burgers and fries to go with your tacos).  So, when my friend told me that nothing is better than Roberto's I said I'd try it.  Decided to play it safe and order the chicken tacos.  Fresh chicken (I'm assuming chicken breasts that they grill, then slice and put inside the tortilla), shredded iceberg lettuce, and an abundance of shredded cheddar cheese on a warm, soft tortilla. Very simple, but very delicious and very authentic.  I'm disappointed that they don't have pico de gallo as a salsa option.  In my opinion, their red salsa was pretty bland and their green salsa was too watery.  But, they saving grace were their pickled carrots.  You think you're eating healthy because they're carrots, but they're not that healthy because they're pickled.  But, they were so good, I kept eating them long after I was done with the tacos.

I would go back just for the pickled carrots!  I gotta learn how to make this at home!