Hmmmm, unless a Mexican restaurant is authentic, has killer salsa or guac, or thinks totally outside the box, Tex Mex seems all the same to me. I mean obviously if they hand you a burnt or cold dish you can say it is terrible and if it has killer salsa or guac you can say it is great. Maybe I shouldn't write reviews for these types of restaurants because I just don't get it. I have just never left a Mexican Tex Mex restaurant and said OMG! I love it. However, I  am an "authentic" Mexican food lover, innovative Latin Fusion taster, and of course, the worse Salsa and Guac snob in Phx. Sooooo, on that note here goes with my review. They kind of asked for it and tempted me to do it when I read their advertised, "Best Salsa In Town" signs.  
    The place is darling. I liked the darling deco, the menu artistically is adorable, the girls bathroom has a pail and water pump for a basin! (Love it) My mom said I have always been fascinated with fancy bathroom decor since I was a little girl growing up in NY and I guess I haven't changed much. lol!
   Food- the chips tasted like a bagged grocery type- and I am not talking one of the better brand types either. The red salsa tasted like ketchup to me. However, I will say I did like the green salsa. Mango or fruit infused maybe? The green was good but I am still not giving it a "Great" or "Best" in town label. Not even close. Nothing to write home about, just better than the red. I ordered a Shrimp Quesadilla, which again was good but nothing to write home about.
  The service was not very good. It did not stink but it wasn't great either. They were busy due to the convention. I usually reserve judgment on those matters to the  managers for not knowing what is going on around their town and scheduling enough staff. However, the guy was not very friendly serving us. He seemed annoyed with simple requests, and he was very slow.  More help was definitely needed that day. Pet Peeve on service- please clean away empty plates and glasses when you put down new ones. We had tons of dirty dishes and glasses in front of us at an already very crowded table. (Not good)
  Ok, so there is my review. Take it or leave it. I feel this place is nothing to write home about. I am amazed at all the 4 and 5 stars it got from fellow Yelpers. It is cute though with OK food. The prices seem on a high average end. Go on off hours I am guessing for possible better service.