Being an Arizona native, well Phoenix metro more specifically, I grew up in the west valley. Back then it was an entirely different landscape, there was no Loop 101, no Arrowhead Towne Center and no Walgreen's on every corner. Back then there were farms of cotton and orange groves as far as your eye could see. During the springtime the intoxicating smell of orange blossoms filled the air with their sweet fragrance, it was amazing. Today almost all of the orange trees have been paved over to make way for so called progress and what was is now a distant memory. 

While the west valley appears to be pretty much like any other part of the valley or the nation for that matter, landscaped by corporate America, there are a few places my family frequented that have managed to survive. One place in particular brings back some of my earliest experiences with Mexican food, Top Shelf. For over 30 years Top Shelf has been making simple yet delicious Mexican food in the west valley. I'm not talking about anything fancy, just tasty burritos, enchiladas and large plates filled with red and green chile, all hearty, comforting and oh-so satisfying. 

Naturally, once sat, you're treated to a large bowl of fresh chunky mild salsa and hot salty chips. This is something that many newer Mexican joints just don't do, a sign of the times I guess? What usually goes great with your chips and salsa? An Original Top Shelf Margarita (6.75), though their version had a bit too much margarita mix which made it acidic.  After only a few sips it didn't matter that much. 

Any Mexican place I visit I always will order a Cheese Crisp ($5.55) with lettuce and tomatoes. Ever since I can remember eating here The Top Shelf version has always had the perfect balance of crunchy tortilla to gooey cheese ratio. The addition of fresh veggies and a few spoonfuls of salsa make for a healthful and delicious appetizer, well in my mind anyway. 

Quite a few places around town serve up a Fajita Burrito Fundido ($14.95), though only a few get it right. In the Top Shelf version they take grilled chicken or beef, wrap it in a huge flour tortilla then deep fry until it's brown and crispy. On top they then cover it with jalapeno cream cheese and melted cheddar cheese and it's served with beans & rice. While I only had a few bites in order to save room for other items, the tender chicken was so moist and flavorful they didn't even have to put cheese on it.

Years ago it was at Top Shelf that I had my first exposure to red chile; they take cubes of lean pork then simmer them in a bath of red chile gravy. With the Number 8 Combo, ($13.20), you not only get a massive plate with a red chile burrito, you also get a cheese enchilada, beef taco plus rice and beans. Whew, it took me some time to finish but I felt proud of myself for accomplishing this. 

While the smell of orange blossoms is gone, the taste of Mexican food remains, free chips and all.