While on this side of town taking care of some errands, I suggested this place to hubby since we were passing by it anyway. I have eaten here many times in the past but it had been a while so I was curious to see what had changed if anything. 

They now have a "Coasta Cantina Express" which is right where you walk in to be seated in the actual restaurant. If you don't want to eat inside this gives you the option to just grab it to-go. I would think you could just order it to-go from inside the restaurant the same but maybe people don't think about that and having the express makes them realize that they want a taco. The express menu is limited compared to the menu inside but has the standard favorites. You can choose tacos, burritos, salads, rice bowls, quesadillas, nachos, soda, water and it wouldn't be Vegas unless they sold beer and they do that too. $4 a beer! Eating inside gets you free chips, salsa & bean dip but if you want it from the express it is going to cost you $3.50 (no beans just chips & salsa) and $1.95 if you want to add rice and beans to your order. 

Now that I was finished being nosy about the express option I decided eating inside would be better for us. We were seated right away and had our drink orders taken. The person bringing us refills was spot on he was quick to refill our chips & salsa or ask if we needed anything but our server lacked a lot of things. It took her 15 minutes for her to even come over and see us and then 5 more minutes until she came back to take our order. We finished 2 rounds of chips & salsa before she came over to us. They weren't very busy at all so I don't know what the deal was. The chips & salsa are good and the bean dip is amazing. It tasted just like I remembered it. When it came to the main course I ordered the "Cheese Enchiladas" made with flour tortillas. It came with a side of beans (I know I said it but the beans are so tasty!) and rice. It wasn't terrible at all but it wasn't spectacular. I think it could be due to the fact that the plate wasn't very warm when it arrived. I was able to get it for $7.99 after I showed my players card. Currently if you have a players card then on weekdays before 6 pm you can get a 2 item combo for just $7.99. My meal would have been $11 with out the deal. Score! Hubby ordered a "Shredded Beef Burrito" priced at $12 and had it smothered for 99 cents more. He enjoyed it and found the size to be good but again the food was sorta cold. 

This could have been easily given more stars by me if the server did her job and if the food wasn't on the cold side. I will more then likely leave this location to the tourists and stick to the location closer to my home.