Trusty pal "Mikey" and I found ourselves in a quandary a few days ago.  It was a scorching hot day, we were in Downtown Phoenix and hadn't had a thing to eat.  I recalled the "Foodie faithful' tweeting up a storm on-line about a little Mexican restaurant with tasty food called Verde, so off we went.

In a neighborhood in which such notable eateries as Pasta Bar and Matt's Big Breakfast (which I really don't like) reside, you will find an unassuming, sparsely decorated building housing Verde who's motto is "Fine Food Fast."  Upon entering you notice a simple counter and slate boards listing items available.

As there are only six reasonably priced items to choose from, each coming with fresh tortillas, rice and beans, ordering really isn't rocket science and since I'm generally willing to put my stomach into the hands of my server when trying a new place, I ordered the recommended Green Chilaquiles, with pork of course. (the house speciality), and "Mikey" ordered the default roast chicken.

Off to the dining room with it's bare wooden picnic style tables and benches we went to await our order.  While sitting at the table enjoying an ice cold "Mexican Coke," (no high fructose corn syrup here), I noticed an opening near the front of the room and as I had a few minutes, I arose to investigate.  What I found made my stomach smile, there in a room just big enough for a table and her supplies was a friendly, smiling Mexican woman rolling out scratch made tortillas!

Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed that our order was ready to be picked up so I waved to the tortilla lady and beat feet to the counter to retrieve our lunch.  One of my biggest complaints about Phoenix is the apparent lack of good, honest Mexican food so I'm always a little bit dubious when taking that first bit but I must say I was pleasantly surprised here.  The tortillas were liberally covered in the house green tomatillo sauce, cotija cheese (which I love), and little bits of pork.

The chips had crunch and flavor (thank you tortilla lady ), the green sauce was bright, tangy and most importantly had that "fresh" flavor that so many eateries try to fake.  The pork was tender and flavorful but also the source of my only complaint, there was so little of it to enjoy.  The beans were no better than average and the rice was just okay, a little bit overcooked for my taste and a bit of seasoning would have done it well.

Overall I would have to say that "I ate Verde and it was...well, not bad."  Mikey, enjoyed her chicken and the price was right.  If I found myself in the area with a food baby in need of attention, I would probably stop in again and try something else.