Paradise Cantina isn't too bad for Las Vegas Mexican food and that's coming from someone who frequents taquerias in San Francisco. I will for sure tell you that Paradise Cantina is much better than Pink Taco (and less expensive). This past January, I found myself at Paradise Cantina two or three times as I made my way to the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. The patio seating attracted me to check out the menu and my friend and I decided to get a bite to eat.

The menu has all your usual basics including starters, soups and salads, entrees, and dessert offerings. On my first visit, I went simple and got their Cantina Tacos, which included three tacos with your choice of meat, and onions, cilantro, and salsa. For $2 more, you could make it a dinner plate and add rice and beans and tortilla chips. The dinner plate came to a little less than $10. 

The food didn't take too long to come out, maybe 10 minutes or so and it all came out together, including the chips. I was surprised at the portion size of the rice and beams, as it was a whole other plate on its own. The tacos were your typical size and the carne asada was topped off with onions, cilantro, and salsa. The meat was tender and had plenty of flavor, yet I always add tons of salsa to my tacos. The green salsa in particular was my favorite and asked for seconds or thirds. The rice and beans were more than filling and weren't bland nor was the rice overcooked. All in all it was a great lunch for less than $10.

My other two experiences at Paradise varied, as one night we were treated great by the bartender. We stopped by for happy hour and an appetizer or two. On our third and last visit, the waitress was without question rude from the beginning to the very end. The waitress was always short with us and had no conception of what customer service is supposed to be. Nevertheless, we paid our bill, gave a small tip and made our way back to our hotel. Although our last visit to Paradise was less than stellar, I'll more than likely revisit if I'm in the area. I would however avoid the 4am dinner shift.

Ambiance/Decor: 4 Stars (out of 5)
Food: 3 Stars (out of 5)
Service: 3 Stars (out of 5)
Price: $$
Overall: 3 Stars (out of 5)

Pros:
+ Decor (very Cantina like)
+ Taqueria in Vegas
+ Reasonable prices/value
+ Generous portions
+ Good tasting Mexican
+ 24 hours
+ Happy hour
+ Location (across from Hard Rock Hotel & Casino)

Cons:
- Service can vary