I've always eaten at Moe's whenever I visit the East coast so I was excited when I found out one had opened here in Vegas. Moe's earns a good solid 2.5*s but I've bumped it up to a 3 because of two things: one, they have burrito bowls that you can easily customize to be low carb (leave out the rice and beans) and two, they have a good, small salsa bar to spice things up! 

This Moe's location is big inside with lots of easy parking (you don't have to park in the mall's garage which is nice). The interior is new, clean and spacious. The employees were friendly and welcoming and seemed happy to help newbies decipher the menu. 

Bonus points for having one of those amazing customize-your-own Coke machines (with like 500 drink options). They also have Southern style sweet brewed iced tea.

Moe's is a lot like Chipotle where you go down an assembly line and tell the employees behind the counter what you want to add to your burrito. I love being able to customize my meal. Moe's doesn't have any seafood options but they do have grilled tofu (a big plus for my vegan friends). 

I visited on a Tuesday night around 7 pm and the place was mostly empty. No lines and no crowds at all. I ordered a burrito bowl, low carb with no rice or beans. I opted for grilled chicken breast and I added extra meat (the steak). I was VERY disappointed with the portion sizes of the meat. The amount was SO puny that at first I thought they forgot my "extra meat." I've eaten at Moe's many times and this was even less than the "normal" amount of meat at other locations. Be aware that they screw you on the amount of meat here. 

Yes, Moe's is expensive for what you get. I left hungry and I added on the side of chips and queso (the cup of queso you get is so small they should be embarrassed to charge what they charge; it's about 5 bites of cheese) and paid extra for "extra meat." The chips are bad, don't waste your money. 

I think the expense in relation to the portion size would make me not eat here too regularly. I know this location just opened so maybe the employees need training on the amount of meat to serve -- they just seemed to be SO stingy with the meat portions. At least the guy loaded me up with pico and cheese! Overall I'm happy to have another quick service Mexican style option in town.