First a preliminary rant, yay. The typical compliant against Qdoba is that "it's not authentic Mexican."  I say, "Who cares?"  I don't see why food has to confer to what people think it should be if its successful on its own merits.  The valid comparison in my mind is not whether the food adheres to what you expect it should be, but practically how it compares to other restaurants of similar class.

So the Dobe offers stuffed burritos that while pricey, around 6-8 dollars, for grab-n-go are a good chunk of food.  I recommend going when you're absolutely starved.  Like Subway, the Dobe offers you nearly all the extra ingredient fixings you want, a nice selection of hot sauces, and vegetarian options.  I prefer their shredded cheese more than many burrito places method of one or two slabs of cheese because it's more noticeable here.  Their more inventive options I've had less success with including their BBQ Mole Sauce which was blah, stick with what you know you like.  Their menu irritatingly describes the options so similarly its very hard to distinguish much between items.  Largely, you're burrito is defined by what you specifically ask them to put in it rather than any menu selection.  

Essentially, for those who like more in the burritos, copious amounts more, Qboda will shine since you can insist I them putting in everything.  If you prefer a simpler burrito, or aren't all that hungry it's really not worth it.  This customization is the only real rationalization of the expensive prices.  My familiarity with the non-burrito options has been limited but every time I'm in there what I see of them dissuades me.  

The chain could also use a bit more of a theme since its pretty bare inside.  Obviously, no one goes to a fast grab-n-go place for the environment and dcor but a little something is still nice.  It's more the lack of anything that really makes it an issue.  Their dull design is straightforward, clean, black tables and high stools.  Which to be honest, every time I'm in a Qdoba I found it awkward, alienating, and uncomfortable and prefer to eat elsewhere.

Overall, it's a worthy chain for an occasional splurge, however it's disconnected interior and expensive options prevent it from becoming what a chain strives to be, a comfortable and welcoming sight.