Based on a recommendation from a friend, I opted to try America's Taco Shop for a solo dinner one night.  I was craving a breakfast burrito, and I was intrigued by their Ranchero burrito.

First: the restaurant was surprisingly spacious and extremely clean.  I especially liked that there was ample outdoor seating; it's always a shame to find a restaurant that doesn't have outdoor seating to take advantage of Arizona's fabulous weather 9 months out of the year.

Ordering was simple.  It was $1.99 to add a drink, chips, and salsa to my burrito, which seemed reasonable.  I got my drink cup immediately and my chips brought directly to my table (more on those in a moment).  This restaurant has a fancy Coke machine that has eight gabillion options.  I opted for the iced tea, which was delicious.

There is a large TV in the indoor dining room that was tuned to a basketball game.  The game was a little loud, but I did sit right underneath it.  It wasn't loud enough to be obnoxious, and if I sat in a different part of the restaurant the volume would have been fine.  

Now:  the food.  The chips and salsa were extremely disappointing.  The chips were cold and unbelievably stale - like they had been made the day before and sat out on the counter overnight.  The salsa was bland with no heat.  I had to add a lot of hot sauce to the salsa to make it even remotely edible.  I wish I had just ordered the drink.

The Ranchero burrito was delicious.  The eggs were perfectly cooked, there was a lot of cheese, and the potatoes added the right amount of starch and structure.  The tortilla was warm, delicious, and obviously fresh.  I could have eaten one of the tortillas by itself.  The burrito was also stuffed with red and jalapeño peppers.  The first bites weren't particularly hot, but the heat grew as I continued to eat my burrito.  Between the peppers and the obscene amounts of hot sauce I poured over each bite, the burrito almost got too hot for me to eat - which was perfect.  I LOVE spicy foods, and this hit the spot.  (If you don't like spicy foods, you should ask for your burrito without the jalapeños - it would have been delicious that way, too).

My burrito also came with salsa, and the girl at the counter gave me a choice between spicy and regular.  Because of my love for heat, I opted for the spicy salsa.  Like the salsa that came with my chips, it was incredibly bland.  This had a bit more heat, but absolutely no flavor.  I tried it on two bites of my burrito and one bite of chips before abandoning it entirely and using just hot sauce.  Thank goodness this restaurant had hot sauce!

For reference, there are two sizes for most of the burritos ATC offers: small and large.  I opted for the small, which was more than enough food for me.  It was smaller than your average Chipotle burrito, but still unbelievably filling.

While my burrito was spot-on and satisfied my craving, I can only give this restaurant three stars.  In reality, I would give it 3.5 if I could.  The prices for their burritos are reasonable, the food is delicious, the restaurant is clean, and service was fast.  However, I cannot overlook stale chips and bland salsa at a Mexican restaurant.  It's like a bakery that has terrible buttercream icing on their cupcakes - inexcusable.  

I will happily go back for their breakfast burritos, but I'll steer clear of their salsa selections.