When we went in, we asked to go in to the bar area so we could watch the football game, but were informed that they were't seating anyone there as they had just seated a large party in there and they only had one wait person. REALLY on the last Sunday of regular football they only had one person working in the area where the tv's were?  Poor planning on management's part.

Every year we are given a gift card to Macayo's and we always look forward to going and having a good meal, unfortunately tonight we had a really poor meal, I do think part of it was a language barrier, our waitress was very sweet but she obviously did not understand what we were saying, no salt on a margarita didn't seem to be that hard. When I asked what Relleno Sauce was she could really only tell me it had tomatoes in it, when I told her I didn't like tomatoes could I get  green chile with baja sauce she said so you just want Baja sauce, I had to explain three times that I wanted the baja as well as the green chile.  When our food came out, a man brought the food and said he would tell someone we needed a refill on our drinks.  My meal was totally garnished with tomatoes, as if I had told her I LOVED tomatoes.  I scraped them off and cut into my chimi, which is when I realized that I hadn't specified what kind of meat I wanted (chicken), out rolled some of the largest chunks of onion and chiles I have ever seen, and little tiny chunks of beef, not even shredded.  So my meal consisted of some pretty sticky rice, which I mixed the baja sauce into for some flavor, and about 10 chunks of beef about the size of dice...I left hungry. We had to actually stand up and flag down someone for a refill when our meal was almost done.  

The salsa was not up to its normal standard either, our thought was that perhaps the kitchen had run low and someone was just chunking up tomatoes and onion as fast as they could because when my husband dug in (see above...I don't do tomatoes) he literally had tomatoes the size of his chips...he said it tasted fine but the salsa didn't go far as the bowls were full of big chunks instead of lots of small flavorful items.

We will go again, as we have been here and had good meals, but this one tonight was just so disappointing.

Also, when the waitress took our plates, which had almost as much food on them as when they were set out, she should have asked if there was a problem, my husband tried to tell her that the meal was not up to the normal standards, but she just gathered the plates and rushed off to get our bill. Tip was not our usual generous +20%.