Alright...


Came here this weekend with my husband and 1 year old daughter.  We parked and I immediately noticed a jagged and shattered beer bottle in the parking lot in front of the door right by my new car tire.  (Nice touch...)

The inside of the restaurant is clean, a little crowded, but fine otherwise.

Our waitress was very sweet and helpful.  The menu was a dizzying selection of Mexican seafood that was almost overwhelming.  She brought us some chips and salsa, they were tasty, but the chips would have been even more delicious if they been served warm.  I liked the salsa, it was a brownish, low heat salsa that I've never had before.  It was pleasant.

I ordered the shrimp chevice tostada and since he's allergic to shellfish (the poor bastard) the husband had the cheese enchiladas.  We also ordered a side of rice for the baby.  

My tostadas were okay, but they were store bought tostadas (because deep frying a fresh corn tortilla for each new diner is too much work?) and the shrimp chevice was way too limey (the overwhelming flavor) and not nearly spicy enough.  I would have preferred a few thinly sliced jalapenos and maybe some more cilantro in the mixture.

The red sauce on my husband's enchiladas looked watery and artificial and just like canned tomato sauce.  It didn't look very authentic, or good, BUT he swore it tasted okay.  (His tummy was also feeling a tad funny the rest of the day, but that could have been from almost anything else too.)

The baby's rice was nice.  It was served with peas, carrots, green beans and corn and it tasted quite good.  Also, the waitress served the baby first and gave her a plastic spoon which was thoughtful.  I suspect the waitress is also a mommy and that's why she got the baby's food out first and knew to give her a plastic spoon... ;)


Our bill for 2 iced teas, 2 shrimp chevice tostadas, cheese enchiladas and a side of rice was about $23.00.  Not too bad, I just wish the food was a tad more zippy and the tostada had been freshly made.