My family and I have been coming to Manuel's restaurants throughout the Valley for a number of years we have enjoyed their establishments and even took advantage of their catering on more than one occasion.  I had never visited this location before until some friends recently moved into nearby Litchfield Park.  We arrived around 8 on a Friday night so obviously we expected a wait.  To our surprise it was less than 10 minutes before we were sat at a large booth.  It was in the bar area (no big deal) the football games were on numerous TV's, people were there with their families, it was a good mix.  They even had a balloon performer making balloon "things" for younger guests.  If I had any desire to have a family myself I would have thought it was a fantastic idea!  Service was prompt but very average, there were 5 of us dining that night so when the piping hot tray arrived with four plates on it.  The friend to my left whispered to me what did you order? Gazing at the tray.  I told her that I ordered the enchilada trio ( which consists of three kinds of enchiladas rice and beans) We were simply making conversation when the server overheard and then began to explain that "the tray can only fit so much" "mine would be right out" "I'll be back in two minutes" I appreciate the attentiveness but I was not complaining that I didn't see my plate, I was answering a question by my table mate.  I do enjoy being mistaken for some fat impatient caveman who wants food NOW.  I may as well have gripped my fork and knife in each hand and pounded on the table ( his heart was in the right place) not the reason for the three stars.  The food was consistent and good as always but as I took a sip from my margarita (very good) my friend from across the table gave me a startled look.  There was something on my glass that was opposite me.  It looked like red smears of dried salsa or enchilada sauce.  We all discovered all of our cups from margarita to beer glasses had some variation of red food looking smears on them.  We concluded that they were once decals that had long since been washed off the glasses.  Now they resembled dirty glasses (for those who didn't figure it out it would have been a deal breaker) but none the less replace those glasses! I didn't feel like being one of those people who demanded to speak to the manager since I do genuinely like this place.  We paid our bill walked to the front to walk out and dispense our comment card with comments much the same as this to find an empty hostess station and two employees curled up on a cushioned bench having from what it seemed like very important girl talk.  They shouted "come again"to our backs as we walked out.  Great place, great family not so sure I'm going to visit this location again.......