So close to a 4 star!

Visited Desnudo Tacos after the review on cheap eats in the Las Vegas Seven Magazine.  Sounded too yummy to pass up!  

Got there on a weekend evening and the place was empty except for a few other couples double dating.  But, these folks, they brought in food from Moondoggy's next door!  For shame!  Just about all their food was from there.  They only came to Desnudo Tacos to buy some Sangria and a few other drinks.  Didn't even try their food!  Even worse these folks had the nerve to leave their leftovers and a large empty pizza box from next door on the table when they left.  Some folks need a lesson in manners, I tell ya'!

The place is RED, I'll give it that much, but a bit spooky!  Kinda had that voodoo meets pagan ritual vibe going on.  Liked it somewhat but I kept glancing over my shoulder for some unknown reason.  Theme restaurant...check!

Menu was nice and simple.  We started with the guacamole and chips.  These came out in short order.  Fresh avocado, tomatoes, onions, ciliantro, peppers, and lime with fresh tortilla chips?  Very good starter for the meal to come.  Guacamole was bright, lots of flavor, freshly mashed with quality ingredients.  About as good as guacamole can get.

Our orders came out next.  The wifey got the Burrito de Machaca - slow braised beef with bell peppers, onions, eggs, and salsa Mexciana.  A bit on the wet side because of the beef juices, so it made the underside of the burrito soggy.  But no biggie, the burrito was good.  Beef had lots of flavor from the spices, was super tender, not to mention the portion was good.  

I had the famous Cali Burrito - marinated skirt steak, French Fries, quesadilla cheese, crema, and salsa Mexicana.  This burrito was great, nice kick to the tender steak from the chili marinade, good texture from the addition of the fries (probably why it's considered 'Cali', though I was expecting avocado), all tempered by the crema and cheese.  I enjoyed this very much.  Especially with Desnudo Tacos house made hot sauces, the habanero was a killer.

My only gripe of why not the fourth star?  Damn Mexican Coca-Cola is overpriced!  Hello...markup!  It was like nearly $4 for a bottle of Mexican Coke, and the bottle wasn't even the standard 1 litre!  it was a tiny bottle.  A bit disappointed since indeed the Coke went great to wash down our meal.  Bummer.

Will probably be back eventually to try the tortas, they look super delicious.  In the meantime Desnudo Tacos...lower the price of your Coke!  Gracias.