Tonight's dinner experience was just OK and did not start out well. 

We called ahead for directions and were told it was in SouthPark, next to Crate & Barrel. For those who have been there, you know, as we do now, this is not at all where they're located. They're across the street from the mall, behind Williams & Sonoma. We were 10 minutes late to meet our dinner companions as we drove around the mall completely confused. A text from our friends got us back on track.

When calling ahead, we also added our name to the call-ahead seating list, even though they weren't on a wait at the time. We thought they might be by the time we got there 20 minutes later on a Saturday evening, which they were. Our friends, who'd arrived before us, asked if our names were on the list. They were told no, given a pager, and told the wait would be 10-15 minutes. When we arrived, the hostesses were not welcoming or friendly. We asked again about our name being on the list, and lo and behold, they found it. They gave us a new pager. 25 minutes later, after seeing numerous other parties seated, we were seated by another unfriendly hostess.

Sitting two tables away from the large glass windows, there was such a cold draft, I ended up putting my coat back on. I was grateful we weren't seated in the booth right up against the window. However, my table seat location right next to the aforementioned booth, meant the server's & guacamole maker's butts were right in my face when they were waiting on that booth. Ugh.

Tonight's saving grace: our server, Jim. He was on top of things. He was quick to take our order, quick with the drink & chip refills. And when he noticed my husband's chili had come with cheese on it, despite the request for none, he promptly delivered a corrected version (albeit then it was missing the scallions also).

The tableside guacamole is a nice trend I've seen in several restaurants. Paco's is just OK. It was pretty salty but lacking in much other flavor. All four of us felt the same way about that. For the price, I expected better.

Soups and fajitas were good and flavorful. Margarita was OK but overpriced in my opinion. The guys liked both their beers and thought the price was reasonable. (If we go back, I guess I know what drink I'll be getting instead!)

The menu said something about a $2 split-plate charge, which I find rather silly. We're getting the same exact meal, right? We didn't even get an extra plate. What are we paying the extra fee for? Lucky for us, our bill did not include that, which we sheepishly did not point out to our server. (Now if I find out split plates are indeed more generous portions, then I understand the additional fee!)

For the price we paid for this Saturday night out meal, (thank goodness for a $10 coupon!), I expected more from the experience.