This is the only eating establishment within walking distance of my shop.  This is probably the first time I have been in there in maybe a dozen years.  It hasn't changed much.  The first owners tried opening Saturdays and a group of us would gather almost every week for breakfast, then it got hot in the summer and they closed Saturdays until fall and then opened Saturdays again and just about the time they built back a regular Saturday crowd it was summer again, they closed and we moved to Cocos (now bulldozed at Maryvale and Indian School.).  They are on the fourth or fifth owners now and I have had a few lunches picked up for me over the years.  Ironically two of the guys I used to go to breakfast with were there eating lunch with their parents today.

When I first moved here in 93 an Italian pizza/pasta place had recently gone out of business at this location and the suite was vacant until the Corporate Cafe opened, IIRC, the fall of 94.

The menu is sort of eclectic with some American standards, a few Middle Eastern and a few Mexican.  Each owner seems to have added a few things to the menu and it is now about twice as many items as were on the original menu.  They are only open for breakfast and lunch and everything on the menu is available any time.  The food is ok but not great.  It is priced right for what it is.  This time I had a mushroom swiss burger ($5.75) that came with my choice of salad, fries, cole slaw, soup or potato salad and an iced tea ($1.75).  I got the salad and it is iceburg lettuce with a couple small pieces of tomato and cucumber.  The hamburger came dry with a packet of mayo and ketchup on the table.  The lettuce, tomato, sliced onions and pickles are on the side. For my taste the meat was too well done but still a bit juicy, I get the impression that is the way it would come even if I had specified something else.

The main customers are people who work in the area and quite often sales people take local clients there.  It's an industrial type place that fits pretty well in this older industrial area.  It is clean and the colors are pleasant.  Like this whole area of town it isn't as busy as it was a few years ago.