My sister loves Mexican food, so I figured I would take her to a Mexican restaurant for her birthday. I wanted to try someplace I have never been and it was a gorgeous day, so we decided to check out Round the Corner Cantina =]. The back patio is what brought us in- we arrived rather early, around 5:20pm and the back patio was already packed. We were able to squeeze in on the end of another party's table. 

I ordered the elotes (sweet corn on the cob with cheese and spices) to start. WOW. This was honestly some of the best corn I have ever had. The flavor was amazing and it was such a unique dish! $5 for one single corn on the cob though, was a little steep. My sister ordered a cheese quesadilla. I have had corn tortillas in the past, but these were the thickest I have ever had. My sister hated the quesadilla- and I could see why. It was difficult to eat and wasn't very cheesy at all. She was able to eat one of the quesadillas and I took the others home in an attempt to eat them later. I ended up throwing them away because the flavor just wasn't there. I ordered the pollo pibil tacos (roasted chicken). They were a little spicy, but the avocado salsa and pickled red onions cooled it down nicely. They weren't bad- but were nothing super impressive or memorable at all. The tortilla also didn't bother me as much in the tacos as it did in the quesadillas. We also shared an order of fried rice, which was good. I did need to add hot sauce for additional flavor though. Since we came during happy hour, our chips and salsa were free- saving us about $4-5. The salsa was very watery (as a lot of homemade salsas are) but very good. It had a slight kick to it, which I loved. The chips were clearly made in house and were sprinkled in sea salt and were pretty good. We also ordered a grilled green onion as well, which was literally a grilled green onion with oil, pepper and salt. It was also pretty good and gave me a new idea for summer grilling! Our server was very friendly and accommodating to my sister and I. He was busy but remained attentive to our table the entire time =].

My overall rating would be 2.5 stars but I rounded up. Average food, tortillas that are too thick for my liking, awesome back patio. I'm thinking the only time I will come back is if a friend suggested it for happy hour.