I had really high hopes for this place because of the great reviews on yelp, however, after going there I realized that those reviews are from people who have been coming here for a while. In my opinion, those reviews are not very representative of how good Elmer's is, but the 2-3 start reviews are.

First, I have to agree with everyone, and even those people that gave this place poor reviews mentioned this, that the customer service here is great.  The girl and guy that were working at the counter were extremely helpful, especially when we told them that it was our first time at Elmer's. They told us all the most popular dishes and even gave us extra items off the menu for free to try. After all of that, I actually feel bad giving this place such a low review, but the food just wasn't good

We ordered the bean and cheese burrito, the green chili burrito, got free "strips" (all of which everyone was raving about), and also decided to try a tamale.  Out of everything we ordered, the tamale ended up being our favorite, and it wasn't anything out of the ordinary.  The bean and cheese burrito and the green chili burrito did not taste any different than the frozen burritos I buy from the grocery store. They were edible and not terrible, but not something I would go out of my way to buy when I can get the same thing at Fry's for 25 cents.  As for the "strips"--which apparently have some kind of following because one of the customers in line also told us they were amazing and the worker told us people drive hours to order--I did not understand those at all, even though the workers and customers swore by them. We were give a box of (stale) chips with cold shredded cheese on them and a lot of salsa packets. We were told to drench the chips in salsa, and eat as is!! DO NOT MICROWAVE! So we came home, curious as to how this would taste. Did exactly what we were told. And lo and behold.....they tasted like stale chips with cold cheese and bland salsa. We were so confused that we put even more salsa on them and that failed because they ended up tasting worse. I don't know what we missed, maybe they taste magical when you're slightly inebriated, I don't know. All I know is that this place did not cut it for me.

So 2 stars for the food and the third star is for the great service.