I noticed months ago that construction crews were working on the structure formerly known as Bahama Breeze. Note: I didn't shed a tear when Bahama Breeze shut down, like, a year ago. I'm not generally a fan of chain restaurants (other than Jenny's), and the Breeze to me was nothing more than a glorified Applebee's with a pseudo-tropical theme. Whatev. 

So what was this new establishment going to be? A Walgreens? CVS? Fresh&Easy? A strip club? (Dear lord, PLEASE let it be a strip club. I'm begging you. It's a good 40-minute drive back home to Ahwatukee from most of the other fine establishments, and I've found that the longer the commute, the harder it is to get that stripper smell out of my car.)

Much to my chagrin, the joint reopened last week - not as a gentlemen's club - but as the second coming of Bahama Breeze: Sandbar. That was my impression as I pulled into the parking lot ... that I had waited all this time and the place reopened as a smaller version of itself.

But in fact, Sandbar is different. Than Applebee's, I mean. Turns out it's like a cross between Salty Senorita and Dos Gringos. (Sandbar also has locations in Peoria and Scottsdale, neither of which I've been to nor did I know exist.)

The digs are pretty cool, actually. Mexican beach theme with several overhead doors that bring the outside in. In fact, the outside bar area is surrounded by sand. Actual sand. Hence the name. Sandbar. Even though I got sand in my Pumas, I decided it was a pretty cool touch. Ladies ... you might not want to wear high heels, however. Continuing with the theme, they have cabanas and a little beach/wading pool thing that I guarantee drunk people will end up in on many nights, even though it's supposed to be just for looks.

I had the Famous Sandbar Chimichanga, (made famous, apparently, by the other two locations, as this one has only been open for eight days), and it was really good. I was pleasantly surprised. It seems to me that often times, restaurants that put so much effort into their theme have food that's just "eh." The chimi is all I had, so I've nothing else to report culinarily; just know that it was tasty.

Thirty-some-odd flatscreens scattered about the place. Looks like it could be a good place to watch the game on Sundays.

The service was just okay. I'll give Sandbar a mulligan on that, seeing as how it's their first week in operation and I imagine they're just trying to get their feet under them. But it better rock next time. 

It's been said - and it's entirely true - that the place doesn't make the place, the people make the place. So ultimately, that will decide whether or not I frequent Sandbar. Too soon to get a feel for the vibe here. There was a whole range of folks patronizing the place on this evening, probably trying to figure out for themselves what kinda' scene it's gonna be. From seemingly normal cool people, to the "Did we get lost? I thought we were on Mill Ave" crowd, to the "Does my Affliction shirt fit tight enough?" crowd, to the "They say 60 is the new 25, right?" crowd ... they were all here on this evening.  Eww. But again, a mulligan because the place is new. We'll see ...

Still have sand in my Pumas. Three stars for now.