45 minutes in line just to order our food!!!  Are you kidding me???

I remember having my first taco from Tacos El Gordo.  This was close to 20 years ago, TEG was just a small taco stand, and the location was in TJ (right next to Caliente Sports Book & Senor Frogs to be exact).  As a teen or in my early 20's, we use to hit up Caliente, place some bets, and finish the night off eating tacos that cost roughly $.50 each.  Around the early 2000's, TEG started to invade the 619. They didn't have a restaurant in the US at the time, but catered a lot of events and parties. Heck..I even had TEG cater one of my daughter's birthday parties back in the day.  Their food was phenomenal, the service was impeccable, and the price was by the hour.  There was a huge demand for TEG's street tacos in the 619.  The demand was so big that they eventually opened a few restaurants in Southside San Diego.  Tacos El Gordo the restaurant was born and the rest is history.

The original TEG in SD (ie. Chula Vista) is very similar to this location.  The prices are about the same, the two separate lines (one for asada, one for al pastor) are the same, the taste/quality is the same, and the wait is the same. Actually, SD's location is a little faster, but just a little. The GP and I decided to give this TEG a try. We waited about 45 minutes to place our orders, which is way too long.  The gurlpren went directly to the al pastor line and I went straight for the asada line. One item that this location has that the SD location doesn't have is Carne Asada Fries. So, I opted for Carne Asada Fries with two sides of Asada Tacos.  I admit, their street tacos are as good as it gets. For $10, they really hook up their Carne Asada Fries.  And for $2 each, the Asada Tacos were also hooked up. Taste wise...TEG in the NLV is pretty close to the TEG in the 619.  TEG's Carne Asada Fries is pretty good, but the not the best that I have had.  I still killed it, though.  However, they still rock a pretty damn good street taco.  And if it wasn't for the long lines, I would have probably given them 4 or more stars. Overall, I am a fan of TEG's food.  I'm just not a fan of the lines.  Gracias very much!!!