First visit was for lunch on 6/19/14 with a small group of coworkers. 

+ Very clean and comfortable inside
+ Excellent menu - well-organized, plenty of options without being overwhelming
+ Reasonable selection of bottled drinks - sodas, beer
+ Fountain drinks available as well, with free refills
+ Very friendly service - all staff were *fantastic* 
+ Prices were very reasonable

+ Surprised with a complimentary cup of chicken/potato/rice soup
+ Soup was very delicious - great flavor; hints of cilantro and mild spice

- Special Nachos: we ordered these to share. We had our choice of chicken or beef (we chose chicken), and shredded or cheese sauce (we didn't specify). We also asked for no sour cream, and for guacamole on the side. The nachos arrived at the same time as our food orders, and were covered in sour cream. Guac was on the side as requested. They were lacking in flavor - they literally tasted like nothing in particular. The guac was super fresh and chunky, but had no flavor. The chicken on the nachos was bland - tasted almost boiled. The pico didn't add any spice, and the shredded cheese served more like a glue to bind the chips than it did to add any flavor. 

- Mexican Tacos plate: Corn tortillas were tasty and perfectly sized. The steak was disappointing - no sear, no flavor; just sort of rubbery and lifeless. The carnitas were slightly better, but again, lacked flavor and texture. The fresh onion and cilantro - no flavor. How that's possible is beyond me. The only thing I really tasted on either taco was the fresh lime that I squeezed over them. The plate included a small side of pico de gallo and guac - both of which were bland.

If I were at the helm of this place, I'd season the meats much, much more, and I'd throw all of the meats on the flat top to give them a much-needed boost in the sear department. 

My coworkers tried everything from tacos to burritos, and all had the same comment - "lacking flavor." The burritos were gigantic, but a huge portion of lifelessness ingredients doesn't make for a good meal.

I'm going three stars for atmosphere, service, and intent. If I were rating on food alone, I'd go 1.5 - 2.0 stars at the most.

I really hope they crank things up in the flavor department.