Stayed at the signature at mgm and wanted something somewhat close so decided to try hecho en vegas after being really disappointed by the mgm buffet the night before. We are from Texas so mexican food is pretty common for us at home and thought this would hit the spot.

First off, this place is REALLY loud. It's like a club more than a resteraunt. The front desk girl found us a table in the far corner where it was somewhat quiet though so that really helped. Very nice staff!

Right off the bat we knew we might not be completely happy. My wife asked if the shredded beef was barbacoa and the waiter who was Hispanic didn't act like he knew what barbacoa was. Then when we asked for a pina coloda we were told they didn't make those. My wife instead ordered a beerita and the waiter looked at her like she was crazy not realizing they are called that. They called it the "there is a name for that". When she got it the glass was so small that she couldnt flip the beer into it and still get a straw in so she drank the beer and maragarita seperatley. Not looking good so far!

We got chips and salsa and the green sauce was pretty good, red sauce tasted odd. Not bad, just odd. We also got table side guacamole and this is 90% of the reason for giving it as many stars as I did. It was awsome! 

My wife ordered the short rib tacos and I got the steak fajitas. I got flour tortillas with mine and hers came with corn tortillas. Both tortillas tasted bad and killed the taste of the meats. The fajitas were a bit bland but my wife said hers short rib tacos were pretty good after she ditched the tortillas. Beans and rice were average at best. 

To sum it up, if your looking for a place for beers and some pretty awsome dipping guacamole and dont mind ear numbing loud music then this place is pretty good. If you want a full dinner in a dinner environment and expect good mexican, go elsewhere. I'm pretty convinced that someone could make a killing in vegas with a authentic mexican resteraunt.