This is the first time I had been to an On the Border in some time.  Probably years, perhaps decades.  Had it not been a school fundraiser (tell the server, some percentage of your ticket goes to the school), I'm not sure we would have gone.  Even so, I'm not sure if we'll go back.

Everything went well enough, it's just that it wasn't that great.

For the longer version, read on...

We started with the Guacamole Live.  Fancy name (and even fancier price) for the server to create a bowl of guacamole at the table.  It's actually pretty tasty - and I do love guacamole.  But is it worth the price tag?  Probably not.  You can get what is likely the very same stuff, albeit not made tableside, for much cheaper.  Or you can get it elsewhere.  And it's not like you're watching Tom Cruise in cocktail - the server just scoops out avocados and then mashes everything together.

The chips, as mentioned previously, are endless.  And they are more like half a (crispy) taco shell than any other chip you might have seen elsewhere.  Nothing outstanding there.

When it comes to the meal things get interesting.  One of our sons orders a burger from the kids menu.  No explanation - that's just the way it goes.  The other at least tries to get things going with an enchilada of sorts, and it looks pretty good.  But he didn't care for it.  Probably would have been better off with the burger.

We also had a "three-sauce" burrito, that really isn't anything special (hey, it's a burrito).  It just had three different sauces on the top - not together, but in three areas.

Finally, I went for the taco melt, because the description sounds good, all bubbly on a skillet.  This really fell down when there was no skillet in sight.  Instead, everything was served in a partitioned bowl (and a really small one at that).

The food was fairly tasty, just odd that it didn't match up to the expectations that were set.

It's also fairly loud at this location, almost like a fiesta is going on - that may or may not be intentional.

At least the service is pretty decent.  Very rarely had to ask for a refill on either drinks or chips.

If this is what you are after, you should be good to go.  Just not my cup of tea.