I've been waiting for this place to finally open!  Now I've got good quality Mexican food within 10 minutes of me whenever a craving strikes--24 hours a day!

Only open two days, the doors at last opened for me for a late lunch.  There were a few opening week jitters, but by and large the experience was a good one--although room for improvement definitely exists.

Located in a strip mall with large picture windows overlooking Ann Chevron on Losee Road, the layout is standard Roberto's, with a condiment area featuring a colorful array of orange carrot slices, green peppers, white and green onions, cucumbers, and red and green taco sauces located next to a dispensing area for fountain drinks, of which there are many choices.  But here, besides new hard ceramic table tops, the seats are also new and nicely cushioned.  This is an improvement over the hard wooden seats at the Commerce Street location.

For my first food selection, at a cost of $4.55 I opted for the #1 Daily Special of Wet Bean & Cheese Burrito with Cheddar & Enchilado Cheese and a small refillable soft drink in a Styrofoam cup that would be considered medium-sized most anywhere else.  The burrito was excellent except for a couple of small over-charred areas on the flour tortilla holding everything together.  The refritos were smooth and tasty, the cheese well melted inside, and the wet Enchilada Sauce spilled over the top was just right--not too mild and not too spicy.  

I also ordered a Beef Taco, which is made with shredded beef at all Roberto's locations.  But even though the receipt indicated "Beef Taco," I was instead presented with a Chicken Taco.  It took me a long time to realize the mistake.  But it was rectified by the cashier giving me a replacement Beef Taco at no additional charge to take home, even after I had finished off the entire Chicken Taco.  That is good customer service!  

I also ordered a good Bean Tostada, which, to my delight, was peaked with lots of shredded lettuce and cheese.  To this I added chopped tomatoes and some guacamole, just as I did with my initial taco.  And, at meal's end there was still plenty of each left to even dress up my taco to go.  The guacamole was not stone ground.  It was of the creamy variety, but not overly mixed with sour cream.  In fact, it was pretty tasty.  The chopped tomatoes were fresh, almost all red, and abundant.  But a piece of greenish tomato core had been left in the cup that was used to hold them.  For this I only had to pay an additional 75 cents.  Although I had been told that a side of guacamole also cost 75 cents, the actual charge was $1.10.  I later confirmed that $1.10 is the current appropriate charge for a side of guac, and took the discrepancy in stride because for the amount of guacamole I received, the true price was reasonable.     

There were a couple of cleanliness issues on my single outing.  I saw a straw wrapper on the restaurant floor when I arrived, but it quickly disappeared a few minutes later, and the floor was mopped while I was still there.  And, the women's restroom was spotless, but some paper remained on the floor of the men's restroom soon after I arrived until I departed about 45 minutes later.

One thing about the food struck me.  Even for Roberto's (which is known for delivering nice-sized menu items), portions were very generous, with heaps of cheese piled on the tostada and initial taco.  To all big eater Yelpers who enjoy Mexican food with California-style tacos, I recommend coming out soon and reaping some of these large portions while you still can, just in case they diminish after the Grand Opening week has too quickly faded away.

3-1/2 Stars Overall!