I'll start by saying I'm not a fan of Mexican food.. ok, I really hate most if it to be honest. But that's not why I'm giving 3 stars. 

I went on a date and she has been wanting to go here for a long time, and she didn't know I don't like Mexican food because it was our first date. I can find something on any menu to eat, so it was no big deal for me really, I wanted her to be happy (awwww such a nice guy!). We arrived, waited only a few minutes and were seated.

We were greeted promptly by our server, can't recall his name though but he was rather serious in demeanor. He took our drink order and promptly returned with our drinks. My date had a mango Margarita and she loved it. But then it kind of went south a little from there. When he took our food order, I told him I wanted Prime Rib. His reply was " we don't have that". Confused, I reached for the menu because I know I saw it, and it was only then he said Prime Rib was only available on Thursdays. This was a Sunday. Ok, kind of 'short' in his response/approach, but let's move on. He took our orders with less enthusiasm than I've seen on a 2 year old's face in a timeout and then he left.

The food came VERY fast and my date loved hers. Mine was good. We were done for quite a while before the server returned. I asked if they had desserts. He responded by pointing at a menu tent on the table and walked away. That was nothing short of rude in my opinion. He was gone for a while but we were able to get our dessert order in and received it promptly, but then proceeded to sit there for a good 15 minutes after we were done before he came to our table with the bill. He visited the table next to us 3 times in that 15 minute period. We decided to sit and chat for a bit after that, again 1st date and it went GREAT by the way :) The server came back to our table and picked up the signed credit card receipt, just asked if it was ready. I said yes. He took it and walked away. No "thank you". No "come back again", nothing. He had his money and he was gone!

Overall.. good food, decent atmosphere, greeters were friendly but this server was not. Sorry he had a bad day.. but don't drag down your customers. Customer service really seems to be going downhill in general.