I purchased two Groupons for this place and had two pretty different experiences. 

The first time, my boyfriend and I ordered two types of tacos on flour tortillas, chicken and grilled fish. They were both just ok, and seemed rather bland. We also each had a couple margaritas. They weren't bad tasting, but the problem is that they are served in a rather small 12oz glass and MORE than half of the drink is ice. I like ice, but when you're paying $8-12 for a drink that is mostly ice, that is really not cool. Good thing this meal was essentially half price with the Groupon! The server was fine, but not outstanding.

Our second visit was last night, and was pretty frickin' great (but NOT because of the drinks). We had a different server this time, who enthusiastically greeted us and claimed "everything's awesome here". "We shall see.", I thought to myself. I had the Blueberry Smash margarita ($10) and the b/f had The Clooney margarita ($12). Both tasted fine, but again, there is really not much to them. At that price, it should be much, much bigger. I drank mine so fast, the server made a joke about how much I liked it. Yes, I liked all six sips of it! Hahaha... Anyway... the food really wowed us this time. We got the chicken tacos and nachos with carne asada. The tacos were MUCH better this time and in addition to the cabbage, had tomato and corn, which I'm pretty sure was forgotten somehow the first time. Very tasty. I don't think it's worth the $11 price tag, but the $7 happy hour price is reasonable. By far, the best thing we had was the nachos. HUGE portion, the chips were house made and delicious, plenty of tender carne asada, tomato and Mexican crema. The cheese sauce they use though... is to die for. I kinda hate that phrase "to die for", but it really was. I asked the server if it was house made and had beer in it. He confirmed that it was and did have beer in the recipe. There wasn't a whole lot of it on the top portion, but down into the nachos there was a good amount. It was kind of like rediscovering the nachos, since most of the time, the top is the most coveted part. These nachos are the main reason we're sure to return (at happy hour, so we can get some chicken tacos as well). We're probably going to skip on the margs though unfortunately.