Yet another place that I had high hopes for that didn't even come close.  We checked out Vitamin T today finally after I had been waiting for months, hearing tacos, tequilas, and MEXICAN STREET FOOD...what could be more up my alley???

On a sunday afternoon, it was relatively full.  We grabbed the last spot on the patio and headed in to order up at the counter.  Dos Equis on tap?  Hell yeah.  I decided to go for the veggie caramelos, which I was told were like mini vegetable quesadillas, and come two to an order.  Sweet Pea surprisingly didn't go for the Sonoran dog, which is one of his favorite things in life, but rather a beef torta (sandwich) of some sort.  We also got some chips and guac.

As we waited for our order, I filled up a line of cups with every salsa at the bar, and we proceeded to sample being the salsa fiends we are.  They were all just OK.  Nothing really hot, or even somewhat hot.  One was too vinegary for me, one was too smoky for him, and then there were a couple that were just all right.  My caramelos were pretty much as advertised, except where was the queso in the quesadilla??  They were small corn tortillas with a kind of bland, soggy  vegetable mixture and a tiny bit of cheese.  Nothing I'd order again.  

Sweet Pea's torta looked fantastic.  It was a huge sandwich, lots of stuff in it, and a giant roll.  He had trouble maneuvering to eat it, and given the taste, he said that it just wasn't worth the effort.  The chips were also totally disappointing.  They may actually be the first tortilla chips that I didn't finish.  They were disgustingly greasy.  I mean not just some dots on the paper bag they came in, the entire bag was transparent with grease, and the chips still were slick and practically dripped.  The guac was nondesript.

One more thing- if you put "tequila" in your name and signs, you really need to have more than 3 tequilas, all of which are Don Julio.  People, we live in Arizona.  Dive bars have a better selection.  Come on Vitamin T, you can do better.