Went there on a Tuesday night with some friends for my husbands birthday dinner. Got there at 6:30 and was told it would be a 15-20 minute wait. We got ourselves seated at the bar and were promptly greeted by the bartender. He walked us through the fresh Agua Frescas drinks and their signature cocktails. I ordered the cucumber lime Agua Fresca with gin and my friend ordered the blood orange marg. Both were knock your socks off good! Little hefty on price, but delicious! Also ordered the Citrus Agua Frescas and a Pineapple mojito....same caliper...delish! Chips and salsa were amazing. Nice hefty chips with just the right amount of salt. Smoky, spicy salsa that wasn't too chunky. We waited for our table for about 30 minutes before the waitress came and grabbed us. She was very apologetic but we told her were fine waiting with drinks and chips! 
Next came the food. Our group ordered the machaca burrito, short ribs tacos, carne asada burrito and a grilled and fried fish taco. Also ordered the mexican street corn. 
Starting with tacos: 
We were told the best seller was the short rib tacos. I found them to lack any flavor at all and had to add salt and salsa to give them any taste. Same goes for the grilled fish. Very bland. 
Burritos: Carne Asada burrito was ok. Not great.  It was a huge burrito that my husband only ate half of. 
Machaca burrito was good. I didn't try this but was told by my friend that it was really good at the beginning, but then lost it's luster half way through. 
Grilled Street Corn: I consider myself an aficionado on Mexican street corn. When driving through Mesa, I drive slow so that I can look for the carts and will stop and order it. I love, Love LOVE street corn. While they made a great attempt, it wasn't on point. The corn was way over cooked...almost mushy.  Didn't have a great deal of spice, even though there was chili powder on it. The cotija cheese was yummy. 

All in all, this place is great for pre-dinner drinks and appetizers. I will definitely try it again, but will order something else.
I give the drinks a 5 out of 5
I give the food a 2 out of 5. 
I give the chips and salsa a 4.5 out of 5.