I try not to make concrete judgments about restaurants in their first year of operation; the learning curve in the industry is steep and lots of things will be changing in those first 365 days (I also try to visit a place more than twice before reviewing it-we all have bad days). With that in mind, Los Cabos, which has been around for a month or two, hasn't blown me away. But that doesn't mean they won't someday.

For now though, my friend nailed it when he said, "They aren't solving any of the problems with the Mexican food scene in Pittsburgh," after having a "meh" burrito there.*   

Two thing at Los Cabos make it feel slightly more authentic than other popular Mexican restaurants like Round Corner Cantina or Mad Mex; free chips and salsa (always nice) and horchata (a deceptively simple rice milk drink with cinnamon and sugar--otherwise known as heaven on earth in its best versions, which isn't to be found here). 

Do chips and a tasty aqua fresca elevate this place to a level of authenticity thus unparalleled in the Iron City? Hardly, but their tacos are pretty good.

One pork belly taco will run you around $3, which is kind of crazy considering that's more expensive than the ones you get in the touristier Strip at Reynas, but these ones are way better. The pork belly was a little more belly fat than pork, but the flavoring was knock-out, as was the seasoning on the pollo, and carne asada. And they were mostly meat. Yay!

The walls are a disorienting mix of deep purple, bubble-gum pink and sunshine yellow. I usually like the way over-saturated colors kind of automatically lift my serotonin, but bad lighting make the restaurant feel dim overall. There's not much in the way of decorations, but the wall as you walk in features a big ass menu that's so expansive it would make Lewis and Clark think twice. So, again, although tacos are the litmus test for Mexican restaurants in my mind, I'm not going to pretend like Los Cabos and I won't be meeting again, and again, and again.

*Let it be known that I think there are plenty of awesome Mexican restaurants in PGH, but that there's also lots of room for improvement: restaurateurs, are you listening?!