Until recently, the only time I went to Dos Gringos Trailer Park was to partake in the beloved ASU tradition of drinking 50 cent Coronas until I can no longer walk. At which point I begin yelling at random strangers headed to the bar that if they get me this time I'll get them next time. C'mon It's just 50 Cents! Corona Light Please! 

However, after graduating I regretfully had to get one of those things that tends to severely limit my mid week drinking binges. You know...a job. It's just not as fun to get hammered when you know you're running the risk of being above the legal BAC on the way to work in the morning at 8 am. Oh I've seen it happen! 

So now I've been more of a happy hour, weekend day drinking Dos Gringos customer and let me tell you it's much more enjoyable to drink beers (even if they do cost more than a dollar) in an actual chair...a barstool even. It's also nice to not have to watch where you walk all the time as to avoid the puddles of vomit on the ground. And you don't have to worry about those annoying drunk girls who scream at you to "get" them this time cuz the coronas are only 50 cents! I mean, geez, I'm not made of quarters over here!

As far as drink and food specials go, Dos Gringos is pretty solid and I'm surprised they're not busier for Friday Happy Hours. It's impossible to sit down at most bars in the area at that time, but there's always a few barstools and tables open over there. Last time my boyfriend and I wandered in at about 6:50, planning to get a couple happy hour drinks but were fine (obviously) with paying full price for the rest. Our awesome bartender basically saved us 10 bucks by throwing 6 beers in a bucket of ice for us, all 6 at the $2 price, and then making sure she came around quickly enough for us to put in some tacos before they went up to full price as well. We got 6 beers and 8 tacos for less than 20 bucks. It was glorious. 

I'd recommend going for the cheap drinks and the great patio, just stay away from Thursday nights if you don't want vomit on your shoes.