Mexican food at an Italian themed hotel. That should have been the red flag :) 
Definitely not my favorite of my time in Vegas, but a decent meal. Not quite sure I'd give it only 2 stars, but it's not truly a 3, though their Cilantro Rice made me feeling generous. 

We started our meal with the following apps:
Chips, Salsa and Guacamole. Salsa was good- fresh, hint of spice, tomato based salsa. The Guacamole...ok. I'm not too keen of tomatoes in my guac. I prefer it to be simple- garlic, lime, cilantro & onion, it was just ok.
Queso Fundido w/ Chorizo- My fave of the apps- Slightly spiced, ooey, gooey cheesy dip mixed with crumbled chorizo sausage and served with warm tortillas. Yum!
Pork Empanadas- Crisp pockets of shredded seasoned pork

For my main dish I chose the Tres Tacos with the Grilled Chicken, Grilled Fish and Crispy Pork Belly. The chicken was pretty basic- grilled citrus flavored chicken amply piled into the soft taco shell. The Grilled Fish- my least favorite- had an odd overly fishy taste. I didn't get sick from it, so I don't think it was bad, but it was poorly flavored. I'm not sure what they put on it, but perhaps they should just stick to some S&P and grill, leave it simple. The Crispy Pork Belly- well...it wasn't very crispy. I was definitely expecting something different. Something closer to a bacon texture? The Pork, with a nice smoky flavor, was tender but didn't have that crisp sear I was hoping for especially given the description, but still tasty. 
The highlight of this dish? The Cilantro Rice! WOW! I loved this stuff! What a great fresh, light taste! It had the familiar light and fluffy texture of mexican rice, but was tinged green from the cilantro and had this great herbaceous, savory cilantro flavor! Had I known about this rice, I would have nixed the beans for sure! This rice along earned it the additional 3rd star :) 

The service was friendly and the food came out timely though we did have to flag down our server to get refills. 

With a plethora of options in Vegas, I'll definitely pass on this one on my future visits, overall a 2.5 star review, but that rice! So delish, for me earned that extra 1/2 star.