My co-workers and I checked out Barrio Cafe on a whim.  We almost drove right by it the first time, as it is nestled in a row of shops on 16th Street just before Thomas. There is a very very small parking lot in the back, but parking is also available on the residential street.  The restaurant looks like a hole in the wall on the outside, but inside the door is simple but very nice.  And the alcohol display when you first walk in is quite impressive!

The menu is quite large and incredibly diverse. It is not typical Mexican...I would describe it as Mexican with a flair.  I had the chicken "torta" with crab and cheese, which you can get with either a side salad or seasoned fries...I got the fries.  The chicken, cheese and crab combination was very tasty and incredibly filling. I was only able to eat about half of it and some of my fries before getting full.  The chicken was cooked to perfection and the cheese and crab complimented each other very well and neither overpowered the taste of the chicken.

Service, at lunch, was very fast, although our service was a little underwhelming.

UPDATE-January 2008

I met a group of girlfriends for dinner on a Thursday night at Barrio.  The bar area is too small to adequately hold the number of people waiting on a busy night...I felt smushed like a sardine and it was almost impossible to get to the bar to order a drink while we waited.  Plus, we had an hour wait.  Luckily, our waitress was very nice once we got seated and was more than accommodating when we paid to run seven credit cards.  I tried the garlic and tequila lobster quesadilla...I did not like it at all.  First, I don't like open faced quesadillas...second, not enough cheese for my liking.  Third, the lobster was very blah and didn't taste like it was cooked properly.  Finally, there was live music that night.  We happened to be sitting pretty close to where the musicians were set up, which made conversation almost impossible.  I'm not sure live music in such a small establishment is really a good idea.

I would definitely recommend Barrio as a lunch location, but not for dinner.