I've driven by La Santisima many times but never stopped in. The decor on the outside intrigued me so I Yelped it and was impressed by the reviews. We decided to give it a shot on my moms birthday with a party of 5. We were seated quickly got our chips and drinks and started trying the various salsas from the salsa bar. It was pretty cool having more than a few choices and some were really good.

There is almost to much on the menu. All 5 of us had a hard time deciding on what to sample. I decided to go with the shark quesa. It did not disappoint. It was great. All 5 of us enjoyed our food immensely and were talking about when we could get together to go back. 

The service was good. Not great but the one waitress was pretty taxed because of how busy they were. We ordered my daughters quesa with no sour cream and it came out with sour cream. It was noticed by the waitress as soon as she put put it down though and she took care of it. My wife's tacos and my daughters quesa were brought out quite a bit later than the other 3 meals. No clue why the tacos took so long but it is what it is. Also it took a bit of effort to get the chips refilled and I still haven't got my drink refilled. 

Notice I've mentioned that we had a party of 5 quite a few times... La Santisima automatically adds 18% gratuity to parties 6 or above. Well when we got our bill it was marked as a party of 6, with gratuity added. The waitress took my card, ran it, and low and behold the itemized copy that showed the added gratuity was gone when she brought the customer/store copies back. You know, that's the part when you fill in the tip. If I wouldn't have noticed beforehand I would not have had any idea that the tip was already included. Because we didn't have a party of 6, only 5. I kind of felt like someone was trying to get over on me and get double tipped. Just a suspicion. I don't tend to be the conspiracy theory type but it just seemed a bit fishy to me. 

I would definitely go back. The food was fantastic, 5 star territory, but the service snafus and the gratuity mystery cost them a couple stars. When I do go back, and I will, I'm just going to keep a really close eye on my receipt.