I've been coming to this restaurant for sometime now ever since they first opened. It is literally walking distance from my house but I'm lazy sometimes and it's more convenient to drive. I think I never reviewed it because I was hoping it would always get better. 
The owners of this restaurant also own Arrowhead Grill (a fancier steak house) around Union Hills and 83rd Avenue. I figure their goal was to provide a modern take on authentic Mexican/South American food. Their food is overall good. They serve food like tortilla soup, tortas, and chimchurri steak. They also provide a roasted chicken with South American spices that's really good. When it all comes down to it, they're really good at red meats.
You can't go wrong with the Gaucho steak or the chimchurri steak. However you want those steaks prepared, it turns out perfect!
When my mother in law ordered the halibut special this past Valentine's Day, she almost didn't eat it because she thought it was too dry. When I order the street tacos with shrimp, the shrimp seemed to be overcooked. So from those couple experiences, I figured it's better to avoid the seafood, but those could have been "off nights" those couple of separate experiences.
They once had a pork posole soup, but I think that item has been removed from the menu a few months ago. The menu description said it was a spicy posole, but it wasn't spicy at all. Ironically, the chicken tortilla soup was spicier and so much more flavorful. This is another go-to menu item you should try aside from the steaks if you go here. 
What's funny is despite the fact that this restaurant is "Mexican," the burgers are delicious! Sometimes on Mondays, they offer buy one burger get the second one free, BUT the beef patties are sometimes smaller when you get this special. Just order the regular non-happy hour burger, and you'll get a 1/2 lb patty that is one of the most delicious burgers you've ever tasted! It's all in the seasoning. There's 2 varieties: chile burger or the plain cheeseburger. Both are delicious! Did I mention they're awesome? The fries that accompany the burgers are just okay. Sometimes they're cooked perfectly sometimes it seems like they've been in the fryer for too long. So sorry, that one's a hit or miss. 
This restaurant is probably most popular for their Bulldog Margaritas. These frozen margaritas come with a Coronita beer upside down in the margarita glass. Before when I used to order them, you could request them non-frozen, but that's no longer an option now. Oh well! I still like them. 
So far, two of the waiters, my husband and I love! Otherwise, the service is just okay. We often sit in the bar area too, but sometimes we've had better service at the bar area than in the actual dining area. 
There are bands that play on weekends, and I think there's karaoke on Thursday nights starting at 7pm. Their brunches are now only on Sundays from 11am to 1 or 2pm. Since this restaurant is nestled in at the entrance of the Vistancia community, it's good that they try to have community events and have stuff for the local Vistancians to do on the weekends. Out of convenience of having this restaurant so close to our home, we will definitely be supporting this local restaurant and continue eating what we know they're good at: red meats and their chicken tortilla soup!