10/25/2014 Update: Much much much better experience this visit. Chips were hot, fresh and oily, much more like the chips at the old location and a dramatic improvement over the seemingly heat lamp bagged chips served last time around. Served both salsa and hot sauce without having to ask. The salsa, which was mostly chopped onions last visit, was quite tasty this time around. And service was solid. Thinking about upgrading La Fonda to four stars, but the inconsistency between visits is a great concern. Need another visit or two before deciding. Happy, though, to see more signs of the old La Fonda.

La Fonda, at its old location just north of ASU, was always my benchmark for Mexican food. The restaurant to which I compared all other Mexican spots. Why? It was the first Mexican restaurant I tried when I moved to Arizona. Having grown up in the Midwest, I had no experience with border food... Tacos with shredded beef? Unheard of! Plates so hot they could burn you? What the? Hot sauce that would peel the roof off your mouth? I was instantly addicted. Ate there once a week for years, gradually becoming less of a regular due to distance and life in general. I was horrified one day when I showed up to find a construction fence between me and my machaca burro enchilada style. Thought La Fonda was history. You can't imagine how happy I was when I discovered (through Yelp) that it had reopened, even if it was even farther away from where I now live than the original location. 

There are some noticeable similarities to the old La Fonda. The hot sauce is still tasty, although it has lost quite a bit of heat over the years. The shredded beef tacos are wonderful and as generous with the meat as ever. But the ambiance is totally different. Admittedly, the old location was a bit of a dive, so the new digs are a significant upgrade on the surface. But some character seems to have been lost. Also seems to be a big push toward selling more alcohol.  And the service, which was so prompt and sassy at the old location, now seems slow and indifferent. 

Case in point, my recent weekday lunch visit. Arrived to a half empty restaurant, but had to wait several minutes (seemed much longer - used the time to take three photos for Yelp) to be seated. Why? Two guys were picking up a take-out order and apparently it was necessary for me to wait for their order to be completed before I could sit down. No problem. I was happy just to be at La Fonda. 

Chips were delivered hot and fresh.  The chips are no longer the delicious hot and oily yellow corn chips of the old location. They're now light white corn chips, a significant downgrade for me, although you might like them if that is your preference. The hot sauce has to be requested these days. An interesting choice, since the default chunky salsa is heavy on onion taste and not much else. The hot sauce, on the other hand, is exceptional.

As the lunch went on, I began to feel sympathy for our server. Stretched way too thin. We waited to order. Waited for drink refills. Waited for a hot sauce refill. And waited, a really long time, for our check at the end of the meal. Such a contrast to the old La Fonda, where you would have been seated instantly, served chips that risked burning your fingers, be given a small pitcher of hot sauce, had your entrees delivered before the chips were cool enough to eat, and have you on your way in as much or little time as you liked. 

Overall, the food is fine, with just enough of the old La Fonda for me to want to drop in again if I'm in the neighborhood. Consistency of service at La Fonda seems to be a problem. Understaffing was the apparent issue this day, but the overall vibe was just not that welcoming in any case. Still family owned. I recognized one of the owners, so I know they are still hands on, but... I'll definitely give them a try again and hope for the best. Maybe they'll bring back the Number One Plate, my old favorite.

One more thing: Kids meals are reasonably priced when you consider they include a drink. That said, I'm not sure about the appropriateness of pushing "kiddie cocktails" (see menu photo). Perhaps as penance, kids eat free on Sundays. Bottoms up!