I just went to a yelp event here. The Yelp event was great the owner status about tequila it was wonderful. But then, I tried to order to go food because I was in a hurry. As I was sitting there are many of the other yelpers also ordered food. All of them were offered chips n salsa, I was not. I know that sounds stupid and petty but just wait... So the people sitting next to me get their food... I am expecting my order to come very very soon since I was in a hurry. The bartender comes back over and tells me that the order was never put in...ugh!  So, I put in my order again and wait.... when everyone else is done eating, my food finally comes. I hurry out to the car because now I'm 20 minutes late. Just as I turn the corner I think Gee maybe I should check to make sure all of my food is there... guess what! It wasn't... are you kidding me? So, I turn around and go back to get the rest of my food... at no point does anyone seem overly concerned... then they tell me oh it was there it just wasn't bagged... so now I'm 40 minutes late...the food is cold and I'm just pissed about the whole situation.... ok. Rant over.

EDIT -- Ok, so it has been about a week now and I am thinking I may have been a little harsh with the one star here. This review was written right after I took my first bite of food and realized it was already ice cold... So, after heating it back up I would like to say:

The mushroom tacos were very good
Fish tacos were a little dry and mushy, but this may have been because we had to reheat them and the lettuce, etc was already on top
The SO said that the chicken tacos were ok, but that he liked the mushroom more
the brussel sprouts did not fair well to be reheated (plus they just aren't my thing to begin with)

Other things to note: I was surprised with how small the "family style" portions were. There was about 1/3-1/2 cup in the mushroom, 1/2-3/4 cup in the fish, and about a whole cup??(I didn't eat this so I'm not sure) in the chicken. I just expected more for some reason.