Back in the Scottsdale area again. Time to get into some new places and see what they are all about. I did not go to this place YELP guided. This was the recommendation of the manager of the baseball team, 1st mistake. Supposedly close to where we were staying, 2nd mistake to listen to anything directional or distance related from this guy. 

For starters this place is a retro style bar with a patio out front, including some great sofa lounge areas, and a wide open interior with dark mood lighting and sporadic TVs. There is a bar, but no beer is on tap. This was a non-issue for me, but apparently the guys would have preferred tap.

We were immediately greeted by the owner of the bar who apparently recognized the guys as a team or group of some sort. He was thrilled to have us all there and offered to have some appetizers and fajitas brought out for everyone (after we had all already ordered, but a very sweet and generous gesture.) He was very friendly and checked up on us several times. ( 5 star for sure)

Our server was very friendly, very efficient with filling everyone's drinks, and continually making sure that we were happy. The waters, cokes, and iced teas were never low and it never required asking for to get something we wanted or needed. (5 stars)

The appetizers, buffalo wings, were a bit over cooked or maybe just older than they should have been. The buffalo sauce was good, only mild to moderate in spice. The fajitas we were given were just OK. The veggie portion of them was fresh and excellent, but the chicken was only OK. The tortillas seemed just a bit less than fresh, though brought to us warm. The salsa, a flop! Extremely mild and almost just tomato sauce. A waste of energy for sure. My buffalo chicken sandwich started off good. The chicken seemed about right and the buffalo sauce was good, then I found myself trying to chew a gristle. Yes, you get those sometimes, and I can usually deal with them.... but with the lights down so dark, I could not work my way around it. Ugh. The salad with vinaigrette was good and fresh, but it was just romaine lettuce and tomatoes. (a 3 star)

Just before we were going to leave, a blues band began to perform. The lead singer, a young twently something girl, was actually quite good. I was rather impressed and they seemed to keep the attention of the restaurant patrons. (a 5)

But, the bathroom. Ick. There was water (I hope) all over the floor, there was a twenty something vomiting in a stall, and it just seemed filthy. (a 2 star)

So, my overall rating, though we were so appreciative of the good treatment, still has to be 3 stars. I probably would not go back here, even if the owner offered me more free food. To me, the service is above and beyond the food, but it does not compensate for not so good food. 

Caveat, this might be an excellent place for just the bar scene and watching the band! But, don't rely on the food.