A friend and I decided to do happy hour today and she suggested we try this place out as it's close to her house and something different.  As we were walking up I was happy to see that they have outdoor seating since today was the first day it's been warm out in what feels like FOREVER!  We walked in and a lady kind of walked up to the host stand and said hello but then walked away and didn't say anything else so we kind of looked at each other like "Uhhhh, I guess that means we just seat ourselves?"  So we went to the patio and found ourselves a table.

A few minutes later a waitress came over and asked if we wanted to start with some drinks.  We asked if there were menus we could look at first (especially since it was happy hour and we wanted to see what they offered for that) and she said, "You need menus first?!"  Now, I know that she was joking and I consider myself to have a pretty sarcastic sense of humor,  BUT...this was only the second sentence she spoke to us and there was no rapport established yet so it rubbed me the wrong way.

Once we got our menus we went straight for the happy hour one since that was the reason we were out after all.  All appetizers were half off, well drinks were $4.50 and beers were $3.  There were other things on there too but those are the only ones I remembered.  I ordered the Carne Asada quesadilla off the appetizer menu and my friend ordered steak and chicken fajitas that the menu advertised as "The best in town."  The food came out in a decent amount of time and the fajitas were sizzling appropriately.  My quesadilla was good, nicely crispy on the outside with a good amount of ingredients on the inside and the cheese was perfectly melted.  The flavor was good and different than your typical quesadilla but nothing about it really wowed me.  My friend liked the fajitas but wasn't really gushing over them.

All in all it was a pretty average experience.  There wasn't really anything terrible about the food or service but nothing that was write home to your mother good either.  I'd go back if I was in the area and craving Mexican food but wouldn't go out of my way for it.