Where do I start?!?! First off, I normally love Papis, so this is not my normal experience here. Here's my night.... I get here, sit at my table for 30 min, luckily my guy wasn't feeling the beer he had ordered, so I drank that. The waitress checks on the table directly next to me, I have to waive her down as she's walking away to ask for a food menu and a Coors light, nothing difficult. She's gone a bit, then comes back and tells me she got busy talking to the bartender and forgot to put my order in AND forgot what I ordered, I let her know what I needed, she walks away, comes back in and is going table to table asking "Did someone here order a Coors Light?" Then finally someone stands up and shouts "WHO ORDERED THE COORS CUZ SHES LOST?" I let them know it's mine. She brings the beer and I remind her I need a menu, we'll 15 min later I get up and walk to the hostess station and grab my own menu. Then she comes over while I'm looking at the menu and says "oh you still need a menu!!!"  Really?!? "No I have one I need to order for me and my other half". I place the order for the first meal and she's closing the menu on my hand and turning around to walk away, I had to her know I'm not done. So I finally get our order in. A while later food comes out. My order is right, his isn't, we have a steak wrap with a side salad, should have been a aricharra burrito with rice, cheese and tomatoes on the inside. We wait, wait, wait some more, then we see her and let her know this is wrong and is totally NOT what we ordered. So the manager is running around fixing her orders and asks her who's is this? She swaps the wrong meal with what he brought over to her. This looks kinda like what we ordered. Just wondering, why is it that all the stuff that should be in the burrito are on the side and the eating utensils for my enchiladas nonexistent? My guy goes and let's someone know that we need some help, the manager is still running around fixing stuff. Brings by silverware and napkins, I tell him "Thanks, it's bad when your patrons have to get their own menus, glad we at least got the silverware." He runs off to do something else and when he has a moment comes back and asks if everything is ok. I told him our meal was swapped out for another, but was still wrong. He agrees to fix it. She comes by and says "oh you still need silverware." I let her know the manager brought some over. We get the corrected burrito, then she comes by again and let's is know that she's still working on finding us silverware. At this point I seriously think someone is playing a cruel joke on me and trying to get my ass into anger management classes. The manager comes back and let's us know he's sorry, she's new and a bit overwhelmed, (I honestly think she's stoned) and that he took care of our tab. We decide to move to another area to sit, she comes out and apologizes and asks if we need anything, I let her know we need a box and our tab, it's been a while and in the time it's taken her to grab the tab and the box I have had time to write this review, edit it a few times. Oh, and here comes my honey with the box and the tab. I guess we earned our tab tonight. It's only $8. Thanks for making it right, lose the crappy waitress!!