I've been to a bunch of Roberto's around town for some down-home, greasy somewhat authentic Mexican food.  This particular location is OK, but it is in a seedy little strip mall.  For those of you not in the know, it's in the same mall as the Big Lots.  It is hard to find, it's around one of the far corners of the mall, tucked in between a laundry cleaners and a PT's Pub.  Can be easy to miss.

Came here late one night after a Yelp event because we were hungry and had the urge for some tacos for some reason.  This Roberto's is probably the closest one to our place since they closed the one that used to be on N. Rainbow Blvd.  

The inside of this Roberto's is typical, same paint scheme (white), same menu, even the same layout as other Roberto's around town.  So it's nice and familiar.  Stayed with what we know should be good:

-3 Rolled tacos with shredded cheese and guacamole
-Carne asada burrito

Placed the order and proceeded to wait for our nibbles.  This is where the night almost takes a frightenly sickening turn.  Each Roberto's has their 'salsa bar', right?  So my wife sees this guy that placed his order before us...wait.  If you are the queasy type that gets sick easily you should skip reading the next paragraph and proceed on down.

SO...my wife sees this guy that placed his order before us at the salsa bar.  He's making a few containers of red and green salsa to go.  He's also filling up little plastic bags with radishes, and pickled carrots with jalapenos.  Here's where it gets kinda gross.  This guy, he arranges the pickled carrots with jalapenos in his plastic bag, tears the stem off of one of the jalapenos, licks his FINGERS (yes, licks), then proceeds to throw the jalpeno stem back into the tray of pickled carrots and jalapenos on the salsa bar!  FRIGGIN' GROSS!  Seriously, and this guy thinks no one was watching him during this heinous act.  Luckily my wife was kind enough not to go into full panic mode right away.  She waited till this doofus left with his food to let me know.  I immediately picked up the entire tray of pickled carrots and jalapenos and brought it straight up to the counter to tell Roberto's staff what happened.  Hello...anybody remember the 'Firefly' fiasco??  Anyway, the staff we apologetic and went straight to throwing away that tray and making an entire new batch of pickled carrots and jalapenos in a new tray.  Salmonella averted!  Geez guy, next time eat at home and play with your own carrot.  Or jalapeno.

You would think after what happened we would make a beeline to the door.  But no, we were too hungry so we waited.  Just didn't bother touching much of the salsa bar.  Glad we waited too.  Our fatty Mexican food was pretty much on point.  The rolled tacos were hot and crunchy, covered in a layer of bright orange cheddar cheese and a load of guacamole.  My carne asada burrito was nice and hot, with good cuts of steak, seasoned well and mixed with cheese.  No filler on this one.  Grease rules the coop here!

I do enjoy most of the menu at Roberto's, from the chicken tacos, to the tortas.  Of course, they also serve lengua and cabeza!  That's Mexican speak for tongue and head, yo!  Oh God, I really (really) want to insert a tongue-head joke so bad right now...but I'm gonna resist.  Eat at Roberto's!