3.5 stars

This place is within walking distance of my house (maybe  1/2 a mile) yet I had never tried it out until this afternoon.  Before living in AZ, I lived in San Diego.  San Diego is THE KING of Taco Shops.  The undisputed champion!  No other city compares.  I have been hesitant to try any Mexican food here in AZ due to being disappointed and not having it live up to SD standards.  A burrito sounded pretty good today and I decided to head on down here and pick up some lunch for the family.   I figured that I would try this place out at some point.  Why not today?  I placed my order for a Combo #2 (Two beef tacos w/rice and beans) for the wife, a Bean and Cheese Burrito for the kid, and a Carne Asada Burrito, a Beef Taco and an order of Chips and Salsa for myself.  Total was just under $24.00.  Not super cheap, but that is comparable to other taco shops for that amount of food.  I brought it home and dug in.  Here is how everything was..............

Carne Asada Burrito-  Surprisingly, pretty damn tasty!  This was a decent sized burrito.  It had a good tortilla with good grill marks, weighed pretty heavy and was stuffed full of carne asada, guacamole and pico de gallo.  The carne asada was seasoned really well and I did not find one trace of gristle!  Score!  This was only my second burrito in the state of AZ and it was better than the other spot by my work.  I would definitely get this again and may branch out to their AZ Burrito ( aka, Arizonas version of the California Burrito).

Beef Taco-  Decent!  It was a bit small and there was hardly any cheese on it but it tasted alright.  The shredded beef was seasoned nicely, the lettuce was crisp and fresh and the tortilla was fried crispy without being too greasy.  It was only $2.00 which isn't bad either.  I would get it again.

Bean and Cheese Burrito-  I only had a piece of this.  My son and wife enjoyed most of it.  It was alright.  It had a decent amount of cheese in it and the refried beans were tasty enough.  

Combo #2-  My wife ate this.  She is pretty picky when it comes to food but she actually enjoyed it.  She said the rice and beans were good and that the tacos were alright (I can confirm since I had one myself).

Chips and Salsa-  Fresh and hot!  The salsa they provide is a really "dry" pico de gallo.  It was good as far as tomatoes, cilantro, onions and even jalapenos, but it was dry.  There was not water in this salsa.  It was just ok.  Not sure if I would get them again for the $2.50 price tag.

Overall, this place hit the spot.  It's not replacing Lolitas, Sombreros, or El Portal as one of my new favorites, but it was pretty legit and better than a lot of taco shops I have been to in SD.  That right there is saying something.  If I ever get a taco shop craving, I will definitely come back.  Service was friendly enough, the place was clean and it is really close to my house.  They didn't put any hot sauce in the bag though.  That is the only negative about this spot.  Guess you have to ask for it?  Who knows?  On a positive, they have a 24-7 drive through!  I'm sure I'll be back soon enough.