Actually, sometimes this place is a four..or a five, but overall I'd give it a three.

Anywho..  I tend to come here often.  We first came here because we had eaten at San Carlos Bay three times that past week and decided to give another mariscos place a try.

With each meal you get a small bowl of chips (more than one bowl will cost you extra).  I'm not a fan of the salsa, but I eat it anyway.  It's mostly liquid and a little spicy for me, and I think it has the consistency of that Chinese soup I don't know the name of.  I've ordered several different things, such as the camarónes al mojo de ajo (shrimp in garlic sauce), which isn't the best, but if you take out the shrimp, eat them separately, and then mix the sauce, rice, and beans together you get a strange concoction of awesomeness.  I've also ordered ceviche tostadas, which are good but HUGE (two was too many), as well the shrimp soup (caldo).  This was very good.  My husband tends to order the whole baked snapper pretty often (it's cheaper here than at San Carlos Bay, if you're into whole fish...), and sometimes they'll top it with shrimp for free.

The BEST thing about this place is that they often (but not always) will give you each a free appetizer.  You usually get a choice of either seven mares soup or a tiny bowl of ceviche, both of which are good with the chips.  I will say though, that before I started coming here I used to HATE soup.  Somehow the seven mares appetizer soup has turned me onto other soups (the shrimp soup here, same thing but less seafood, Japanese udon, and the lagman at Golden Valley Uzbek).

If you come on a Friday (and probably Saturdays, as well), you'll likely encounter karaoke night, which is often entertaining.  Unfortunately, this is also the reason for three stars.  Several times the karaoke was so loud we couldn't talk to each other and had to sit there awkwardly staring at the television.  Other times, though, the volume is totally fine.  

This place also has a bar to sit and watch a game, and sells raw fish and other seafood as well (including ceviche) that you can just take home to cook.  Another mention is that the service is usually a little too good.  Checking on us every three minutes good.  But that's definitely better than never and the waitresses are always nice and helpful ;) 

I think they have pretty good happy hour specials here, but we're never in time for them.  Someday I'll try a margarita.