If not for the out-of-this-world carnitas tacos (yay for pork rinds!) I think I would have given this place only 2 stars.  It advertises itself as "chinese/mexican fusion", but the menu is really just split up into various mexican dishes and chinese dishes (mostly of the dim sum variety). As an overall note, I think that the Mexican dishes were much tastier than the chinese items, so if you are wrestling b/w the two, I would go with Mexican. Here's what we tried:

TACOS
Carnitas - yum yum yum.  Definitely order this if you order nothing else.  And get two, so that you won't have to share. A+

Viva china - this is a kumamoto oyster/beef tendon/sichuan peppercorn sauce taco.  The combo of the tendon and oyster was underwhelming, and if you really love that peppercorn taste, you're not going to find much of it here. C-

Barbacoa - we ordered this because it came with "cactus paddle".  Still have no idea what cactus paddle is, but it's an awesome name!  The beef was alright, though a bit salty, and the cactus unfortunately didn't really taste like anything at all. C-

fried fish taco - the fish was fried nicely, and I liked the pickled onions that came with it, but it was close to 7 bucks for two tiny tacos and pinky sized pieces of fish, so probably wouldn't order it again.  B-

CHINESE

Fire Phoenix - This was pretty much a variation of popcorn chicken, with pork rinds on the side.The sichuan peppercorn salt was really good, and fried chicken never tastes bad when it's fres, but there really wasn't anything that special about this dish.  C

MEXICAN

Tuna ceviche - Comes on a bed of ice and looks delectable.  Tastes pretty a-ok too. I think they put soy sauce in here, which gives it a nice depth of flavor.  A-

Coctel de camarones - This was pretty much like a cold cocktail of shrimp, crab, and avocado, mixed with what is essentially a cocktail sauce.  I love lump crab meat and I love shrimp, but I didn't come here to eat those things with cocktail sauce.  I can get that for 3.99 anywhere else.  C

Shrimp mojo - This actually did taste like a fusion dish, though it was a bit heavily sauced.  The shrimp are nice and garlic-y, with a hint of spice from the poblano peppers.  Good, but could have used a side of rice or something.  B-

In a nutshell:  I'd recommend just stopping in and sitting at the counter and ordering some tacos (especially the carnitas ones), and then going somewhere else for dinner.  As a disclaimer, we didn't order the famous "twenty ingredient fried rice" that was featured on food network, but I'm taiwanese, and I just don't feel right paying 20 bucks for fried rice.