I haven't been Yelping much lately...too, too busy!

But happily busy (busy means money and while the money may not buy happiness, it will rent you a parking space so that you can park the Bentley and stroll on over to happiness...so more is good!).

So I was surprised and delighted to receive a missive from Yelp HQ in my inbox...less so when I broke the seal on my mail and discovered that a photo in one of my reviews had been "flagged by the Yelp Community and removed because it fell outside the photo guidelines" .

Which review, you ask?...why the one directly below this one.

I thought for a moment about who would flag a small graphic in an obscure review about a third rate taco stand in South Scottsdale...and decided I didn't have a clue!

So I went to Los Betos to do a little investigating (and to have lunch...they may be third rate, but they still make delightfully greasy and satisfying rolled taco's...I had three of the little boogers!).

As I sauntered up the window (I was going to do drive through, but then I would miss the full Los Betos experience...dining under an umbrella, in the grease vortex that perpetually swirls between Los Betos and Whataburger, plus, I needed to be on foot to do my best Magnum P.I. investigative work).

I ordered my rolled tacos and salsa and then asked casually "Hey, have you guys flagged any cute little graphs in a Yelp review of Los Betos, lately?"

The sweet little undocumented worker behind the counter either said "¿Quién, yo?" or "do chu wan rice 'n bean"...I can't be sure.

In any event, the food was, as always, decent...no one stuck their thumb in my tacos.

The service was fine, if incomprehensible (much like the explanation from Yelp HQ, as to why my little graph didn't meet photo guidelines:)

The grease was pretty fresh (and now I am lubed for days:)

I guess I'll never know the answer to who flagged my little chart, or why (although I have my suspicions about the Bertos/Betos conglomerate and their minions).

I was going to take a photo of the grease traps behind Los Betos and post those, since they are an integral part of the restaurant experience when you are sitting outside and subject to the tornado like cloud of cooking gasses and particulates (unlike my small chart which, while accurately describing the crap to good stuff ratio of my meals at Los Betos, apparently doesn't qualify)...but then I decided, maybe I've made enough mischief for one day:)

Or not.