My buddy at work has been hyping this place up.  He told me that they had really good tortas and that the food was legit.  I'm always down to try out a good torta.  I headed on down and decided to check it out.

I walked in, scoped out the menu for a minute and then placed my order.  I went with a Rib Eye Torta, no mayo and I also went with an order of Papas Nachos (criss cut fries smothered in nacho cheese).  My total was just under $12.00.  They handed me my receipt, I grabbed my fork/napkins/water etc and sat down.  Soon thereafter, my number was called.  Here is how everything was..................

Rib Eye Torta ($6.99)-  It looked fantastic.  The taste of it left a lot to be desired though.  This thing came with a 1/2 lb of rib eye steak, lettuce, tomato, jalapenos and avocado.  This was presented on a nice soft roll.  That was part of the problem though.  The roll was incredibly tasty.  It fell apart way too easy though.  I've had that happen a few times at various places.  They use great bread, but its horrible bread for the sandwich.  Stand alone-=fantastic.  Topped with meats and such=really bad.  The steak tasted alright.  It had a little bit of gristle/fat on it (rib eye usually does so it wasn't that big of a deal), and the portion was a little skimp.  Seemed like less than 8 ounces for sure.  The lettuce, tomato and jalapeno were good.  The avocado was good on half the sandwich but the other half had brown spots on most of the slices.  Why does AZ produce suck so bad?  I picked around most of it and finished the sandwich.  It came with a few homemade potato chips which were tasty.  The sandwich overall though was just ok.  Not worth coming back for that specific sandwich. 

Papas Nachos ($3.99)-  Waffle/criss cut fries topped with molten cheese sauce.  I really enjoyed these.  The fries reminded me of old school Carls Jr criss cuts.  The cheese sauce reminded me of Portillos cheese sauce (one of my favorites).  This dish was delicious.  Perfectly fried and seasoned potatoes loaded with a generous amount of gooey cheese.  I would get these again in a heartbeat.  They were the best part of my meal.

Service was friendly enough,and the place was really clean.  Would I come back?  Eh...maybe? If I do, I'll definitely try a different torta besides the rib eye.   I'm usually disappointed in Tortas though.  Once you have had a Wash Mobile Torta, http://www.yelp.com/biz/tortas-wash-mobile-tijuana, nothing else compares!  Sadly, I judge every Torta compared to Wash Mobile and maybe I need to stop doing that?  Who knows.  It is what it is!