When we found out that they didn't take reservations for parties of less than six, we decided to go early.

We arrived just after 5:00 and found plenty of parking.  We were greeted warmly, and immediately ushered into the dining room after being asked our seating preference.  Our server, Concetta, was efficient and friendly - explaining the Deal Chicken "can have and can not have"s.  There was no "coupon vibe" at all.

The menu is not extensive and the Deal Chicken deal eliminates most of the pricier entrees.  Still, there is plenty to choose from if you remember that you are in a Mexican restaurant.

The decor is Old Town old - comfortable, but I don't think you'd take your camera out.  The patio looked nice, but hey, it's 104 degrees out - I don't care how many misters you put out there.  And for me, misters over my food is not something I feel great about.

The Chorizo Fundido was the only appetizer available with the deal - but that's ok, it was great.  Slightly splice with lots of chorizo and peppers.  I think some reviewers may have mistaken the peppers for "coagulated" cheese.  We ate the entire serving.

The 4 margaritas that were part of the deal were "OK", not bad, not great, certainly not over proofed.  Just fine for a dinner that you might want to be able to drive afterwards without being overly concerned about being impaired. They are served in plastic shakers and they hold enough for a few "top offs".  They go well with the food.

Concetta was continuously monitoring our table and making sure we were ok, filling our water, asking if we were ready for more margaritas and in general looking after us.

We ordered the "Old Town Tacos"  and the "Achilote Ribs".  The tacos were, again "OK".  Nothing that you would urge your friends to have, but nothing you would try to dissuade them from ordering either unless they asked for your advice.

The ribs - a large portion comes with french fries and coleslaw - was again, "OK".  No spice on the ribs stood out.  There wasn't the heat I expected. They were just short of falling off the bone done. They had obviously cooked previously and then sauced and fired.  The hit of the plate was the coleslaw.  It had a cumin component that made it really stand out.  The french frys were wilted and soggy, but that's not uncommon when you get 'Q'.

At this point we were stuffed - and we still had two deserts to go.  Our server recommended the Banana Crisp to have there and the Flan to take home.  The Crisp is sliced bananas in a tortilla that is deep fried and then sauced with raspberry compote.  I can only say that I am not a desert person and this did not make me want to become one.  A cursory taste and we were asking for the bill and a chance to walk some of the food off.

The bill, $106.50 before Deal Chicken was $4.30 after.  We were happy to have had the opportunity to try the place for more than 50% off.  Big eaters will appreciate this place more than those with smaller appetites.

We probably won't go back for dinner, but could stop by for the Chorizo Fundido and a couple of beers.