I went to the MWTS on a Saturday afternoon.  You see, I just relocated to PHX and am desperately searching for some decent tacos!  I settled on this place after reading all of the great reviews.
First, this place is fun.  It has a luchador theme complete with glittery painted luchador faces on the walls, and a mannequin in full luchador garb attached to the wall looking like he's ready to body slam you while you scarf down your grub.  The down side is that it appears that the shop bought the parcel next door (a former bar), tore down the wall, and are slowly looking to covert the parcel into a bigger dining area for their customers.  When I got my food and walked over to sit down in the original dining area, I could see the large garbage cans of construction waste and random tools laying scattered all over the floors and bars.  It also appeared to be a dirty operation so I wondered how clean the actual area I was eating in was.
When you arrive, you order Chipotle style, picking your meat and then all of the things you want on your taco.  There are tons of items to pick from and you can end of making a pretty colossal taco if you pack enough ingredients in it.  A lot of the meat is stored in big, liquid filled vats while other meats are cooked to order on the grill.  I decided on the 5 mini tacos (3 carne asada, 2 al pastor) and watched the el pastor get pulled out of one of the vats.  Then I waited about 5 minutes for the carne asada tacos to be finished (they were grilled to order).
I took my seat and was so excited to eat my newly assembled tacos.  Unfortunately, the meat was very bland (no seasoning at all on the asada) and the al pastor was just meh. Super wet, shredded beef, and no pinapple like traditional al pastor tacos have.  Fortunately, I had piled on a pretty good amount of delicious toppings that made up for the lackluster meat selections.
I would return and try this place again if I was in the area and had no other options, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.