I had plans to go with a friend to Joyride last night.  Yesterday afternoon, I read a review of Joyride in the Phoenix New Times, and it was less than enthusiastic.  It basically said that the atmosphere was cool, but the food was all pretty bland.  Unfortunately, I have to say that I agree with the reviewer. 

I arrived around 6:45 on a Wednesday, and there was a 30 minute wait.  My friend and I sat at the bar, and the bartender was friendly and attentive.  We were seated at a great table that was kind of half inside and half on the patio.  The weather was perfect last night, so I definitely enjoyed that.  We started off with chips and guac.  I read one Yelp review from yesterday that raved about the chips and guac, and, I honestly have no idea why.  The chips were very bland, as was the guac.  I LOVE good chips and guac, so I was disappointed.  I wasn't crazy about the salsa either, which I also thought was bland.  Although the New Times review specifically had talked about the fish taco being soggy and fishy, I tried it anyway b/c my friend had ordered them at the Gilbert location and said they were the best fish tacos ever.  Well, there must be some disconnect between the two locations, because this fish taco was nothing to write home about.  It wasn't soggy, but it was definitely on the fishy side compared to other fried fish tacos I've had, and the white sauce that they put on it was basically flavorless.  I also had a carne asada taco, which our waitress said was her favorite.  It was pretty good, but nothing special...definitely better than the fish, though.  Finally, I had a side of the street corn.  I am very picky when it comes to Mexican street corn, and this wasn't great.  I don't know what it was, but it almost tasted like mayonnaise.  Usually I love the creamy sauce that comes on street corn in restaurants, but I wasn't feeling it at Joyride.

I would really like to give Joyride 2.5 stars, but I can't, so I'm rounding up for great service, cool atmosphere, and for the fact that none of the food was awful.  I don't think I'll go back, though.  Yes, it's a cool atmosphere, but, if I'm going to have to wait half an hour on a Wednesday, I want great food as well.  Plus, it was so crowded that my friend and I almost had to yell at each other.  I ordered pretty much all the same things at Gallo Blanco last month and was blown away, so I think I'll head there instead next time I'm craving tacos and street corn.