alright, i ordered a carne asada burrito and chips and salsa. the chips were good, they might have been homemade but i didn't ask. the pico de gallo was alright, nothing special. the burrito was delicious... BUT it was open at both ends. why? it came loosely wrapped in paper and open at BOTH ends. so there was no picking it up. i tried to because everybody knows burritos taste better when you pick 'em up but it fell apart and i made a mess of myself. i guess they want you to knife and fork it for whatever reason. fine. when i was ordering, i saw on the menu that the burrito would be $4.50. i asked for a carne asada burrito with everything on it and the guy asked "cheese, sour cream and guacamole?" and i figured he was just making sure i knew what came on it, so i said "yeah". well it turns out that those three ingredients are each 50¢ extra. i let it slide because i realized this after i had already paid and i'm not a trouble maker plus that's what i like on my burrito anyway. the tortilla was great, obviously grilled and i think it might be a variety i haven't had before. the carne asada was really good, juicy not greasy. they gave me two squeeze bottles, one green and one chipotle. they were both tasty but i gotta say i was pretty impressed with their choice to include chipotle instead of red. it lives up to that move. i liked the chipotle on the burrito and the green on the chips. overall, a tasty jam, despite the two annoying things i mentioned above.

ok, here's a story that has nothing to do with the food or service i received. now, i don't know what was going on in there when i showed up but the place was completely full of middle-aged women conducting what i could only conclude was a book club meeting or something along those lines. they took up over half of the tiny dining space, which is fine with me, i like to eat out in groups too but these women stared at me the entire time i was there. i have no clue what i could have possibly done wrong but they were mean mugging, hard. i don't think it was a private party, there were other people who appeared to be separate from them. they stared when i entered, they stared when i ordered, they stared when i took my seat, they stared when i got sour cream all up in my beard, trying to eat my messy burrito. it was very uncomfortable and kind of ruined my time. i must have unknowingly run over a cat in plain view of them when i pulled up or something because i was getting death knifes stared into my soul and i had no idea why. it was that thing of when you look up and someone is looking at you so you smile and look away but a few minutes later your eyes wander back to that general direction and you see that they are still staring at you and it's awkward so you look away but you feel like someone is watching you now and you start to get nervous. yeah, that but 9 old ladies all doing it for the whole 20 minutes i was in there. i think i'm a nice guy and i don't think i look weird or anything, so i'm at a loss. no clue.