If I had one word for this experience, it would be "strange". What a strange place, and a strange evening... That said, the food was delightful!

I live right around the corner from this place and have run past it so many times... we finally decided to give it a shot with some friends, looking for a quick dinner before taking them to the airport. When we parked, the place looked empty, but an "open" sign illuminated the front window. We gave it a shot and walked in, only to be greeted by an overwhelming "WAAAAAAAAAAAAAH" of what seemed like a contact alarm system on the door. A lady looked up, understandably startled, and we inquired as to whether they were open, since the place was empty, and we seemed to have set off an alarm. (It stops as soon as the door is closed.)

She informed us that they were indeed open, and told us to sit anywhere. We stepped out onto the patio where she came out to take our drink orders. She took quite a while getting them back to us, but we could hardly blame her, as she appeared to be the only one working there. We ordered some guac, which was heavy on the cilantro, but otherwise, very tasty! We began to worry a bit about the time, as we needed to get to the airport soon and had only JUST placed our orders... but since the waitress was in the kitchen cooking our orders, there was no one to whom we could express our haste. She returned a while later with all of our meals, which were (to her credit) piping hot, overwhelmingly fresh and DELICIOUS. I will ABSOLUTELY be back here again (when I have more time)! It was probably the best burrito I've ever had, and I remember being struck by the freshness of the ingredients - there was so little grease and it didn't feel runny... just really, really delicious. A few minutes after we wolfed down our food, we paid and continued on to the airport. Our friends made their flights (however closely) and we all agreed that the place had been totally worthwhile! 

This woman was fantastic - I couldn't believe she did it all herself! That said, there's no reason to have only ONE person in a restaurant. Maybe we were there at an awkward time... but at least the food was delicious!