Boy, I was very underwhelmed by Havana Grill.  First of all, I've been primed for a good Cuban sandwich for at least a year. I've seen them on Anthony Bourdain's shows and Andrew Zimmern's, and they look juicy and scrumptious. I guess those were the made-for-TV versions, because the one I got here wasn't much different from something I could have gotten from a deli.  

I've since looked up "Cuban sandwich" online and the Havana Grill's offering looks pretty much the same as the images I find on Google.  Damn you, travel shows, for raising my expectations!   Honestly, if someone had handed me one of these at work or something, the most I would have thought was, well, the bread is interesting. Not a bad sandwich, but nothing memorable. 

My friend had fries with her sandwich and they were basic fries.  I had the fried plantains and liked them: crisp, not too thick, and not oversalted.  

Two friends ordered the ropa vieja- one had chicken and the other tried pork. They were kind enough to give me a taste, and I must say, the sauce for these dishes was delicious! It came with beans and rice, and those beans were very tasty as well. 

I forgot to mention the appetizers: we tried papas rellenas and tostones.  The papas (sort of like fried balls of mashed potatoes with a small filling of meat) were interesting  but I thought the flavor was just kind of "meh"- again, not memorable. I was not fond of the tostones- the fried green plantains. In fact, none of us ate much of those.  For me, they just had very little flavor.  One thing we gobbled up, though, was the buttered bread!  Very good bread. 

As for beverages, one of us tried the mojito and gave it a big thumbs up.  Another tried the raspberry margarita and although she can put away a drink, she didn't finish this one.  (She was also surprised that it came with salt on the rim rather than sugar. I don't know about such things, since I'm not much of a drinker).

The restaurant had a spacious, open feel  because the tables aren't crowded together. The tropical-themed leaf ceiling fans were kind of nice, too.  Simple, non-fussy wood tables and chairs add a casual flair.   

OH - I have to add that service was V E R Y  S  L O W.  The servers (all good looking, - like GQ good looking)  took forever just to put the bread baskets on the table - even after we asked for it.  It took a long time to get our orders taken.  Upon check out, they mistakenly added a gratuity to the bill. Correcting the error took almost 20 minutes because of one or two other errors made during the correction of the first problem. Aggravating!

After 9pm the loud music began, thanks to two DJs spinning (well, spinning hard drives, at least) some hearty Latin dance music. By 10 pm the dance floor was dark and the party was in full swing, with folks young and old doing all sorts of couples dancing. I picked up a few new songs thanks to Soundhound, and enjoyed watching people through the laser-lights.  I also had fun watching my friend get her butt smacked by a 70 year old woman on the dance floor!  We decided we'd come back for the music, the bar, and dancing, but would be less likely to return for the food.