Maybe my expectations were too high or something, but I don't know what all the fuss is about a Sonoran style hot dog. While very tasty, it is nothing more than what we call here at home a "TJ (Tijuana) style" hot dog. I'm sure the Sonoran dog came before they did the same dog in TJ and Mexicali, but the only difference between the Sonoran and a TJ style hot dog is that the Sonoran's bacon wrapped hot dog is also topped with beans, whereas the TJ's bacon wrapped dog does not. Very tasty I will admit, but no real extra WOW factor added, especially when you take into consideration the $2.50 price tag for one.

My son had a carne asada quesadilla, and to be quite honest, this quesadilla impressed me more than the hot dogs did. I don't know what they put in the cheese or what they did to the carne, but it was basically crack, because it was addicting! It wasn't huge, but wasn't small. But the meat to ooey-gooey cheesey goodness was nothing short of perfect, and its simplicity, yet its complexicity made it even more mind boggling. What kind of cheese wast it? Oaxacan? Monterrey? I don't know. My palate isn't that refined, but I don't know how they made something so simple taste so darn delicious. The cheese was perfectly melted. Melted, yet thick. Like the cheese that you have to pull off from the wrapper of an In-N-Out double-double or from the roof of a pizza box. Let's put it this way..........my son didn't finish it, and we reheated it at the hotel the next day, and it was still good!

The only reason I gave this establishment 3 stars instead of the 4 I wanted to give it was because the service INSIDE sucked. Outside, the young man making the hot dogs was quick and efficient. INSIDE, the lady taking our order didn't seem like she was in the mood to either deal with us, or to be there period. We ordered the hot dogs and the quesadilla at the same time, yet I had to go ask her if she put in the order for the quesadilla. She told me I didn't order one, and then had to check her hand written receipts against the cash register's because she probably didn't believe me, and 15 minutes later, she found it, and then asked me if I still wanted it. Hell yeah I still wanted it! I paid for it! 

With that being said, I'd come back here next time I visit my cousin to give that lady another shot and to try their tacos and/or tortas.