So I went to a hot dog buffet for a Sunday breakfast... No this is not a joke. I went to a hot dog buffet for breakfast...After jumping on Yelp to find "something different" and reading several of the reviews online I was intrigued and talked my man into going... Not an easy feat when he was kinda fixed on Waffle House. We called ahead to make sure and talked to the guy who assured us they had 2 separate buffets going. We chose to skip the run of the mill breakfast buffet and enjoy the hotdog/ chili/frys buffet.  We pulled up to nearly empty strip mall and walked into a small deli like place that was empty with the exception of two very friendly helpful guys. We chose what kind of dogs we wanted Sabrett's skin on and an Italian sausage which were both cooked to order... also to choose from were Viennas, Brats and Sabrett's skin off... We also got an order of fries and tater tots (they were out of sweet potato fries). The Chili that we threw on our fries and tots was thick and meaty, I am quite sure it was canned, but a good brand obviously. The two guys working were extremely friendly and helpful, clearing plates and keeping our sodas full. The coke machine was actually down, but on hand were plenty of cans to keep a coke drinker happy ( I have walked out of places not having coke...) Back to the buffet... lots and lots of little lined up containers of toppings were available. A few even contained salads which looked like they came out of a deli and we passed up on. The atmosphere... well... I was able to entertain myself with a stack of National Enquirers while my man ran down the road to McDonalds to a bathroom... (The entire strip mall was out, so I felt for them on that one..) Lots of food items and coolers are stored in the dining room as well as two deep freezers... kind of an odd set up. All in all, it was not bad, just different which I guess is what I was looking for when we walked out the door, Be careful what you wish for, lol. If I would have seen this on a Friday or Saturday night we might have been tempted to check it out for the Crab/seafood buffet, but I think I would go elsewhere having experienced them once. I honestly do not know how they have managed to stay in business for 2 years?!? After mentioning this for the third time during "breakfast" I was told to shush up... I think he feels like he got ripped off getting hot dogs instead of waffles this morning.