There was tons of outdoor seating, which flanked both sides of the entrance with an outdoor bar.  Inside, the restaurant was more upscale than it would appear from the outside.  For a Tuesday night, it was pretty crowded with families, groups of friends, and couples on dates.  

The furniture was a mixture of wooden & lacquered tables, iron backed or leather chairs and some booths.  One section of the dining room was illuminated by lighting from the windows while the other side was more dimly lit and sectioned off with beautifully embroidered silk curtains.  They also had a private banquet room for special occasions.  The bar was located in the center with 8 bar stools and 2 large booths with a few flat screens tuned to ESPN/sporting events.

Went again a week later on a Friday night, which was packed--inside & out.  I had trouble convincing a woman seated alone in large booth that my party of 7 could really use her table if she wasn't meeting anyone else.  (The few booths in the bar are first come, first serve, while you're seated by staff for all other tables).  My irritation was obvious from across the room where my friends laughed hysterically at my facial expressions during my convo w/this lady.  She dodged my question & started telling me about her bf who lives in Laveen & upcoming job interview.  Apparently, I was giving her the crazy 'WTF' look the whole time, when I thought I was keepin it cool.  

Like many Mexican restaurants they serve limitless chips (which tasted like they were made onsite) & salsa.  We ordered shrimp cocktails, queso dip, taco salads, & a sampler platter to share.  I'd recommend ordering the sampler platter from the appetizer menu, which is enough for 2-3 people and priced about $6 during happy hour, it's a great deal and comes with nachos topped with refried beans & cheese, rolled chicken tacos, taquitos, and a few quesadilla slices served with a little guacamole and cheesy sauce on the side.  I tasted everything and didn't care too much for the tiny chicken tacos.  They tasted bland and the chicken was dry.  The chicken quesadillas were good but lacked any heat necessitating the use of salsa to give it some flavor.  The beef taquitos were my favorite as they used shredded beef instead of ground.

You must sit in the bar area to take advantage of the happy hour prices, which include $4 margaritas, $3.50 drafts, free fountain drinks and  1/2 off all appetizers which are usually priced in the $7-10 range.  Happy Hour spans 3-7PM, which is longer than most happy hours @ Westgate.  Our bartender and wait staff were extremely attentive and even divided our bill.  While I'd return for a future happy hour due to their great prices, I gave it 3 stars b/c the bar area has limited seating and the food was decent.  Not bad, just not extraordinary.