This is a beautiful restaurant with a romantic looking patio area. It was too chilly to sit outside though. When you walk to the entrance the sound of water fountains automatically sets you in a relaxing mood. The interior is nicely decorated with wood, stone and a water wall above the bar. 

We started off with the Chips and Guacamole ($9.00). It has a nice chunky consistency to it. The taste level was good but it wasn't the best I've had. The best Guacamole I've had locally would be just down the street at Islands Burgers. 

I also ordered their Tortilla soup ($7.00) to warm up. It was not only visually appealing but I liked the way it tasted. It was a little salty for my taste but still was really good. It had chicken, Guajillo Chiles, Tortilla Strips, Queso Fresco, avocado,  crema, small piece of roasted corn, little pieces of radishes. It was also topped with a sliver of a lemon which was great because I love lemon. After I finished the soup it was nice to eat the little piece of corn on the cob because it was sweet. 

I wanted something exciting and new to eat so I chose the Shrimp and Mango Enchiladas ($18.00). It had Mexican cheeses, shrimp, mango, and  mole sauce. That was delicious! The big disappointment was with the sides. I told the server that I didn't want any beans at all. When my entree comes out  I see beans! I was thinking about sending it back until I tried the rice.The rice was green and hard. It was hard like Uncle Ben's Rice and tasted very bland. I ended up not eating both sides. I think the sides should be an added treat to the meal. Having both sides that didn't taste good made the price of the entree a rip off. I would want to eat this enchilada again but not if it wasn't sold ala carte or if I couldn't choose from different sides. 

We did a Yelp check in which had an offer for a free dessert. I chose the Tres Leches Cake . It's normally priced at $7.00. My husband said he wasn't going to eat it. This is the first time I saw Tres Leche with berries so of course my husband decided to eat it after all! It wasn't what I was expecting but still very good. 

I think they should definitely offer an a la carte menu or a menu where the sides can be mixed and matched with the entrees. I know that Wahoo's is opening in the same complex soon and they offer a mix and match menu of Mexican food. I think in order to stay competitive it would be a good idea to switch things up!