I tried visiting the previous incarnation of Restaurants Atoyac Estilo Oaxaca (RAEO) on my last visit to AZ in the Spring of '14, but -to my disappointment- they had closed suddenly due to an apparent kerfuffle between the owners? But, like the venerable Phoenix rising from the ashes, RAEO was reborn to similar critical acclaims by the Yelp community. Being a bit of a Taco aficionado, I had to see what was doing and if all the hype was worthwhile. Here's the scoop:

Tacos:

Al Pastor- Probably the most uninspiring of the three meats I sampled; dry, bland and no sweetness that I usually associate from Al Pastor. 2* 

Tripas- Best of the bunch, as the Tripas were crunchy, tasty and not gamey at all. 4*

Carne Asada w/ Mole- Pretty surprised to see a Mole Taco on the menu, but -then again- they do have "Oaxaca" in their name. The Carne Asada had a nice beefy flavor, but was barely spiced up and the Mole was also just OK; it lacked the layers of flavor and complexity that a good Mole should have. 3* 

Churros- Very tasty Churros that were hot, fresh and they put some kind of glaze that really kicked them up to the next level. 4.25*

Horchata- Again their Oaxacan roots show through as their Horchata comes served up with Pecans and Cantaloupe to give it an almost dessert-like quality. That's not to mention that it might be the best Horchata I've ever had! Smooth, Cinnamony, creamy and the texture/flavor of the toppings really put this thing out of this world. 5*

Service & Ambiance- The lady taking our order at the front was nice enough, but seemed clueless about the menu and was constantly having to check with the back anytime we asked a question. Maybe she was new--who knows? I'm not from PHX, but it doesn't take a genius to figure out RAEO is in a bit of a Ghetto-fab neighborhood. All you have to do is look at their neighbors; Smoke shop? Check. Dollar Store? Check. Check Cashing? Check. Divey-looking bar? Check. It's confirmed. Ghe-to-the-tto... 2.5*

Value- Their prices are on the lower end for street tacos($1.25/ea), but they might be the smallest I've encountered. I know they're not supposed to be huge, but usually three will fill me up, and after eating three of theirs I was still hungry. Next time I'm getting five... 3*

This might be a situation where the hype surrounding RAEO might've gotten my expectations too high, because I was not impressed with the tacos and found them to only be mid-range. With that being said, I would still come back for the Tacos if only to get at some more of that white drank! Mild recommendation on the tacos, but highly recommended to get your sweet tooth fix. ¡¡¡Órale!!!