El Dorado Cantina is right next door to a strip club. Kind of a strange/industrial location but I saw all the great reviews and thought I'd give them a shot. And don't get me wrong, I'm in no way anti-strip club. Maybe if I'd have had some boobs in my face, I could have given this place a better review. Instead I just had to settle for looking down at my own, which wasn't half bad and all but, read on...

For starters, they serve up some very strong drinks (no complaints about that), the atmosphere wasn't bad, but the food didn't do it for me here and that to me is EVERYTHING. I had the Seafood Enchiladas and they don't compare to the ones at Javier's. They were good but nothing to write home about. Maybe I didn't order the right things at El Dorado. I'm not sure. 

My Jalapeño Margarita packed a punch but again in this department, I prefer Javier's. It didn't even taste like real lime juice that they were using. Their recipe was not my fave and dare I say eerily similar to a sickeningly sweet store bought pre-mixed even though the bartender assured me otherwise. I tried to doctor it up so I asked the bartender to add a little more lime juice to my drink and even that didn't even make my drink taste better or more lime-y, so I finally gave up and accepted my defeat. At least the drinks were getting me buzzed. 

I can't really remember much about the Table-Side Guacamole but I had that too. Unmemorable is never a good sign. I think Javier's just ruined me for all Mexican food places to follow. It's possible. I'll be honest, most other places don't really compare in my eyes. I should just stop cheating on Javier's.

I'm left scratching my head trying to figure out why this place is so popular. It could be the fact that they are open twenty-four hours a day. There aren't too many high end Mexican food restaurants to choose from at all hours of the night. The chef coming out of the kitchen to greet all the patrons was a nice gesture but it isn't enough to warrant a return trip, nor guarantee a five star review from me. 

I'm sad because I really wanted to like this place. I love what they are all about with their anti-GMO stance and their pride in using top quality ingredients as well as sustainable meat and fish. That's why I'm so confused about why their food was so lackluster because normally "the good stuff" tastes so much better to me. Off night? Beats the heck outta me!

I will say their Flan was the highlight of my meal. That stood out and was their saving grace! It was thick and creamy and off the charts good. However, unless I have an overwhelming urge to partake in that particular flan again, I probably wouldn't retrace my footsteps back to El Dorado Cantina for una repetición.