100% natural + pineapple juice kind of sold me on a visit here after reading Krystal's reviews. I just had to get my hands on some of that fresh juice!

100% natural may really be less natural than that. The pineapple juice while definitely fresh because of the pulp in it, had sugar added. I'm not saying it wasn't good...it was not 100% natural. It was also $1.29 for a small so my wallet was happy. They have a watermelon juice that also looks pretty delish and a strawberry that does not look too legit to me. It was milky pink...as Krystal C. says spot on: "PeptoBismol" They also serve Horchata. The store is big, clean and well decorated and seems to be a rather popular lunch spot. Also, they have a drive through and are open till 10 pm on most days and 11 pm on Fri/Sat. 

The menu of 100% Natural is pretty extensive although I would think adding more veggie friendly dishes on the menu might be smart because a name like "100% Natural" would probably attract people like me (vegetarians). Lots of burritos, tacos, tortas, a couple of enchiladas, chimichangas etc. I was only able to see a couple of vegetarian entrees in the board : veggie burrito/bowl and a cheese enchilada. I ordered the bowl. 

The fried tortilla shell it came in was good and a bright red in color. The avocados in the bowl was in the form of guacamole. I assumed from the pictures in the store as well as on Yelp that they would be whole pieces which I thought would have been a little better. The bowl came with an overload of lettuce (rather wilted) and a very small helping of cheese and sour cream. The veggie fajita mix in the bowl was delicious. There was a small amount of a rice/bean mixture at the bottom of the bowl that I was really not a fan of. For 7 dollars, I thought I would get something a bit more substantial. The meal came with chips and there is a salsa bar with greens and reds. 

What was a little disconcerting is when I asked the cashier if the salsas were vegetarian (sometimes the green salsas have chicken fat or something in them) he said they were and then proceeded to add that there were no hormones and "things like that" in the salsa. Maybe he was trying to be helpful and extolling the 100% naturalness of the place but I got the vibe that he had been trained to say that about everything. 

The food here was definitely not greasy and tasted good. But for the price and the fixings, I think my choice (shudder...as this is a chain restaurant) would be Chipotle for the next burrito bowl.  I would definitely stop by their drive through for the Pineapple and Watermelon Fruit Ice. 

Oh, and their tables are pretty! I love their mosaic tile and will be exploring such tiles for my kitchen backsplash.