My brother kept telling me to try this place.  He said it was like a Chipotle but better.  I have to admit, before trying this place I was kind of a Chipotle snob but after several weeks of nagging, I finally decided to take his word for it and go check the joint out.  It's a bit far of a drive from my place of employment but I decided to take the trip anyway to see what all the fuss was about.  

It's kind of tucked away in a busy shopping center near In N' Out Burger and Starbucks so I was a bit surprised to see that it was hardly busy for a weekday around lunch time.  It had a nice atmosphere, nothing special and I was impressed with the fact that they make the tortillas right in front of you even though I opted for a burrito bowl (fewer calories)!    The first time I came to this place I was a vegetarian so I was a bit concerned about getting a good source of protein.  However, they gave me a generous portion of rice and black beans which were quite tasty.  My favorite part was the fajita style veggie mix consisting of green peppers, red and white onions to name just a few.  To top it off, I added sour cream (guace is extra), cheese, lettuce and salsa on the side.  The mild salsa was fairly decent and I also got the chance to sample the queso dip and corn salsa mix which were both delicious.  One thing I did like is that they will allow you to sample any item on the menu before putting it in your burrito or bowl.  The second time I ate here, I came back with a co-worker and got the same thing but with grilled chicken and it was even better!  On both occasions, I got a huge bag of chips for like $.50 cents and a drink.  

Overall, the food is good and it doesn't leave you feeling bloated or torn up like Chipotle does.  However, my only complaint is the price (this also goes for Chipotle).  I mean for casual dining Mexican food, it was way overpriced although the portions are more generous compared to what you get elsewhere.  Despite that, it is good to have on occasion when you're tired of the usual blend of overpriced Mexican food.  I will definitely be back looking to try new things!