*If you bought an AmazonLocal deal for this place, you might want to get a refund because they don't accept them here.

I came here with my sister because we were in the area and I happened to have my AmazonLocal deal with me (good for $10 worth of food and beverages). The place is very tiny. I can't even think of a place to compare it to, but somehow they managed to fit about 4 small tables inside. When we just walked in, I went directly up to the girl at the cash register and asked her if I could use my voucher. She just said, "No." Um, okay. So I asked for an explanation and just said something about how they don't have the codes. No apology, no nothing; Not the best customer service. I'll be honest, the ONLY reason why I came here was because I bought the voucher, so I was pretty annoyed that they weren't accepting it when we came, especially since I purchased it only 10 days ago. 

Needless to say, we stayed and ate anyway. I ordered 2 fish tacos ($2 ea) and a medium lemonade and my sister got a lengua burrito and a Jarritos. Our total came out to $14, which was actually a pretty good deal. The food came out after about 5 minutes. My sister's burrito was pretty huge and she actually started laughing at it because she didn't expect it to be so big. It came with a small salad and a few chips on the side. She said it tasted okay, but was a little watery inside. My tacos were delicious. After talking to the cashier girl, I thought I had my mind set on giving this place two stars. However, once I took a bite from my fish taco, I knew I couldn't give this place anything less than 3 stars. These were seriously some of the best fish tacos I've had in Vegas. They were so fresh, so crisp, and so flavorful. The orange sauce inside the tacos was very tasty and there were even slices of avocado inside the tacos, which was a huge bonus.

If you're ever in the area and craving some fish tacos, you should definitely give this place a shot. The ambiance and customer service isn't the best, but you can always take it to go.