Looking for a good place to go when you're craving authentic Mexican food but don't want to pay high prices at some Mexican sit-down restaurant or pay really cheap prices for questionable Mexican fare at a fast-food establishment? Search no further because Fausto's is that place plus more. The employees are nice, the food is made-to-order, the menu is simple and inexpensive, and there's a complimentary condiments bar complete with pickled veggies (jalapenos, carrots & onions), fresh cucumber & radish slices, and two types of salsa (mild tomatillo & a spicy red salsa). Sure, the ambiance may be lacking, but that's okay because you can just order your food to-go. You can order food a la carte (located on the menu above the counter) or you can order a combo which comes with an entree and sides of Mexican-style rice & refried beans. The combo menu is posted on the side wall adjacent to the counter, and it is composed of images of the food, making it easier to choose what you want to eat. I've been here multiple times, and everything that I have ordered so far has been good. Here's what I've ordered:

Chimichanga combo plate: A humongous flour tortilla burrito stuffed with shredded beef, onions & bell peppers, then fried to golden perfection and topped with sour cream on one half & guacamole on the other, along with a nice layer of melted cheese. The plate comes with a side of rice & refried beans, as well as a small serving of pico de gallo ( I assume to bring some sort of healthy to the dish). 

Shredded Beef combo plate: The shredded beef is the same concoction as the shredded beef inside the chimichanga, but instead of it being encased in a fried tortilla, the meat is served all by itself with sides of refried beans & rice, and your choice of freshly made corn or flour tortillas, which you can use to make mini burritos. The tortillas are wrapped in foil to keep warm. I prefer the flour tortillas over the corn because they have better texture, are bigger & taste better. Store-bought flour tortillas can't compare to the fresh-made tortillas at Fausto's. 

Super Nachos: Heart-attack on a plate! But so addicting & super good. I usually ask for the toppings (meat of your choice, guacamole, sour cream, lettuce, tomatoes & cheese; I may be forgetting something) on the side to prevent the fried flour tortilla chips from becoming soft. The chips are oily and they layer on the toppings, so be warned- Addicting, yet so bad for you. 

Tacos: I love the tacos because of the way Fausto's prepares the shell. I think they fry the whole taco after stuffing the tortilla with meat & cheese, resulting in a very crispy shell. They then take the fried taco and add lettuce & a another type of cheese (crumbly, reminiscent of feta). I like to add salsa to the taco, which makes the taco juicy & yummy. 

I haven't had a bad experience with Fausto's yet, so I do recommend this place. The next time you're searching for good Mexican food at inexpensive prices and large portions, then stop by Fausto's and try some of their menu items.