I feel torn with this review and feel like I need a few star selections. 

Food-a solid 3 Stars-It was Good and hot and hit the spot. They bring you out a basket of chips and then a really tasty salsa and a spicy bean dip. Both were really good. We ran out of chips and our server never brought us or asked us if we wanted more :( I could have eaten those chips and salsa all night. I got the taco combo, it was decent. I really wanted a tamale, but all they had were chicken and I am a straight up cheese and green chili tamale girl, so that was a bummer. Hubs got the Fajitas, they came out sizzling and he ate it all, however the flour tortillas they supplied were really thin and stale, not fresh at all. 

Atmosphere 4 stars-So we pull in and think, woah this place is hoping and weren't sure how long we would ahve to wait to be seated as all the parking spots out front and down one whole side are filled up. As it turned out, people were parking there and going over to black angus next door. We walked in and it was a ghost town. there was only 1 other table seated. This was a Monday night at about 6:30-7ish. We were seated and our server was there right away. Its really pretty chill in there. It looks like an old Spanish home, lots of cool decor. The bar area was HUGE and if you are a sports fan they had a game projected on a huge wall. 

Service 2 stars-Right off the bat I loved our server. He gave us a 2 thumbs up every time he came to our table or asked us a question. To funny. He was on top of everything up until we got our food, then we never saw him again. We finished eating and sat, and sat and sat. About 10 minutes goes by since we quit eating and the manager happens by, we flag him down and say we are ready for our bill, he takes our plates and poof gone. We sit, and sit and sit. 5 minutes later I look back and the manager is sitting at a table with some people, not sure if they worked there or were customers, just laughing it up, not cool. We STILL hadn't received our bill. WTF. Another 5 minutes goes by, at this point I am ready to get up and walk out. If they cant be bothered to bring me my bill to pay, then I'm out. Finally our server appears WITH OUT THE BILL!!!! I hand him my card and tell him we are ready to go. Oi. By this time there were 3 tables seated, so its not like they were slammed and there were at least 7 people working that I counted, they should have been all over us like flies on poop. 

So anyway, had we not had to wait soooo long for our bill and maybe saw our waiter at least once during our meal to see if we needed anything else, then this would have been a better experience. 

I will give them another shot for sure, the chips and salsa really were the bomb and I like saying papa Chulo