This is the second location for Pinches in Las Vegas and is completely different from the one in the downtown Container Park.  It's at the Gramercy just off the 215 at Russell Road.

When you enter, you place your order at a "food truck" window.  You're given your drink there unless you're getting soda from one of the many flavors Coke machines.  You're given a table marker and you have a seat while they make your order and then bring it to your table.

There was no one there at 5 PM on this Saturday night and I was able to take in the decor and get some photos of the interior.  It was designed nicely with whimsical wall paintings, faux garbage cans that have paper flowers in the top, and a kitchen in glass with wooden closures like a Mexican food place.

One of the owners took my order and he chatted with me about the decor and explained the Dia de los Muertos style art done of member of the Anaya family.

My meal came--a combo plate with chicken mole taco, adobada taco, and carnitas taco.  I also ordered a Mexican corn.  I asked if they'd hold off on bringing the corn until I could enjoy my tacos.  When I was done with the tacos, I was asked if I was ready for my corn and it was brought to me warm.  This was so much better than getting everything at once and having the corn cool off while eating the rest.  I also got a horchata.

The tacos were good with the chicken mole being my favorite.  I thought the other two were OK. The rice was standard and the chips and refried beans were OK, too.  The corn would have been better if it had more chili powder but I'm sure they use what the average customer would like rather than what I prefer.

Service was great and the friendliness of the staff was exceptional!

If I were rating the place solely on atmosphere, it would be 5 stars all the way.  The interior design was well planned and it's a very inviting place.  I need to come back and try some other tacos and ask for more chili on my corn.  It's easy getting here from where I live.

For those uncertain, exit the 215 at Russell Road and head west.  Halfway from the 215 to Fort Apache, there's a left turn into the Gramercy complex.  Drive a semi-circular path around the back of the building along Russell.  Just keep going past the coffee house.  Shortly after an open space, there's another building and Pinches is in the corner of that building.  You can see the 215 and the signs from the parking area.  On leaving keep going around the semi-circle and you'll be back to Russell very quickly.