Yet again we come to another restaurant i have been to multiple times but have not reviewed until now. But i have had tried a good number of the meats on the menu to give you some insight if you have never been there or you have not tried something in particular.

First thing, I have never had any problem with the customer service at this location thank god= 1 star.
Food:
Carnitas- The only thing on the menu i would get multiple times next to the jade red chicken(spicier version of like a sweet and sour chicken but better flavor!) Now for the carnitas its got such awesome flavors i mean not mind blowing OH MY GOD flavors where you make those stupid rachel ray moments where you can not help it but good enough to where you can order it multiple times because its not boring or bland.
I cannot stress to you how much i hate the rest of some of the chickens on the menu like the teriyaki chicken or the emerald(my friend LOVES this one. I HATE IT i try to like it on plenty occasions like today and since they use this sliced chicken that are like flat strips or thicker strips of deli chicken you get from frys, with some okay sauce that had so much potential it fails to catch me every time no matter how i eat it, in a quesadilla, burrito, plain, you name it. JUST DISAPPOINTING!)

The jerk chicken is good for those who love REALLY SPICY kicks!
The henegrade or whatever is below it but i didn't care for that either.
i needed something closer to the jerk but not that intense. I can eat the jerk chicken fried rice but not extra jerk chicken.

The combo plates come with two types of meat however you want it plain, quesadilla, or burrito. Fried rice is extra, white rice is included unless you pay extra. Beans you get either re fried or the spicy cuban black beans. I just get extra jerk chicken fried rice in my combo plate.
The hot sauce/salsa whatever is now pre packaged for you near the fountain soda machine so you don't make a mess pouring it into cups.

My other favorite item on the menu that comes with your combo plate is a cookie weekdays is snicker doodle which are AMAZING but on weekends is the volcano cookie which is like a brownie cookie which is my personal favorite!!! minus the powdered sugar that falls all over the place so eat with caution or a napkin below your mouth so don't look like an idiot. 
the food gets a star and the cookie gets its own star. I don't want to rate them any higher than a 3 because i don't love chino that much to call myself a fan.  Why i continue to go here is to change it up once in awhile every couple months to get my boyfriend the carnitas and jade red chicken. I love their cookies more than their meats but i wont come here just for cookies. Because the price i pay for their combo plates i don't find it worth that 8 dollars and something cents.