I made a reservation via OpenTable for my family to celebrate Father's Day and we were seated promptly. The restaurant is really nice with modern decor. Definitely suitable for special occasions and semi-casual affairs.

I had informed my family about their Happy Hour and we briefly perused the menu at the hostess stand. We requested these menus once seated, however, we were informed that the "menu was basically all the appetizers, half off, except the Chicharr贸n." That was satisfactory. Well, until I realized that I had researched these details the week prior and the other part of Happy Hour was $5 margaritas. No one told us this information, so it is possibly only offered at the bar?

Complimentary tortilla chips and salsas start your meal. The chips are seasoned nicely and the salsas (Rojo and Verde) are delicious (my favorite being the red, of course). We opted for the Tableside Guacamole ($10) made with avocado, freshly-squeezed lime, cilantro, serrano chili, onion, tomato, and sea salt. The guacamole-dedicated cart (adorable) rolls over to your table and asks how spicy (mild, medium, or spicy) you want your guacamole prior to its creation. This guacamole received my high stamp of approval! It was my mom's first time trying guacamole - I don't know what compelled her (although I like to think that my love for avocado was the influence) - and she loved it! We also started with the Short Rib Taquitos ($12): slow-cooked shredded beef, served with salsa verde, crema, and queso cotija. Crunchy tortillas and succulent meat. I'm not sure I would be able to identify the short rib without being told, but it was certainly more moist and soft than most beefs I've had in Hispanic cuisines. The taquitos lacked proper seasoning, but tasted really great with the table Salsa Rojo.

My mom ordered the MGM Grande Taco Salad ($14): Crispy flour tortilla, chopped romaine, refried beans, pico de gallo, black olives, tres quesos blend, avocado, chipotle ranch, and shredded beef (alternatives: chicken or carnitas). The shredded beef seemed like the Short Rib in the taquitos, although indicated differently on the menu. Either way, the salad was delicious! The flavors were wonderful together, the meat was so tender, and everything was so fresh. However, there was WAY too much cheese and as with all taco salads, too much fried tortilla (which I discarded without remorse). This was the best entree at the table.

Other entrees at the table included Tres Carnes Enchiladas ($20), Chicken Mole Enchiladas ($17), Mesquite Chicken Taco Platter ($17), Mesquite Chicken Burrito ($18), and Carne Asada and Applewood-Smoked Bacon Taco Platter ($18). I didn't try any of the enchiladas, but my brother noted that the meats were a little dry (except the shredded beef). The Hecho mole negro was flavorful, but a tad sweet for me. I'm usually a fan of mole, but this one didn't do it for me. I also had a bite of the Mesquite Chicken taco and I did not care for it. The breast was surprisingly moist, but lacked flavor. The Carne Asada tacos was my entree and I was displeased. The beef was dry, I couldn't taste the bacon, and it was weirdly sweet. It also had an abundance of non-spicy marinated red peppers (most likely bell) that proved an odd addition. I didn't eat the second one. The refried beans and rice served with most dishes were unimaginative and lacked great flavor. I didn't eat these items either.

My dad wanted a margarita, so I ordered him the Muy Picante ($14) made with Chipotle-infused Patr贸n Reposado Tequila, Patr贸n Citr贸nge, fresh lime juice, and agave nectar. It had a really great smokiness from the chipotle infusion and a nice balance of sweetness.

We shared Fried Ice Cream, Cinnamon Churros, and Raspberry Tres Leches ($7/each) for dessert. The corn-crusted dulce de leche ice cream had a Oaxacan chocolate ganache center and it was very tasty. The Tres Leches (Vanilla tres leches trifle with tart raspberry compote) didn't actually taste like "Tres Leches" usually does, but it was a decent dessert. The churros were pleasantly soft with the perfect crust. It also featured a cream center (could do without it) and served with Oaxacan chocolate ganache and Cajeta. Loved the Cajeta because it's not nearly as thick as caramel and not as sweet.

Service was wonderful. Our server was very friendly and extremely accommodating. I'm a little torn about the food since it wasn't really what I expected. It's supposed to be Sonoran style or inspired (New Mexico/Mexico border) and perhaps I'm not familiar with its flavors or maybe it's too Americanized. Overlooking authenticity, I wasn't pleased with the majority of main dishes based on preparation of meats and overall seasoning. However, I really enjoyed the salsas, guacamole, and short rib (or shredded beef). These strong areas are not quite enough to carry a restaurant, so I can't say I'm a fan. Also, prices seem a little high ($32/person), but the portions are generous.