I can give it a good 3 1/2 stars!

Truth be told, we visited Nacho Daddy off the basis of a Groupon.  Without it, I was teetering on the fence about visiting here.  Mainly because even though I love me some nachos, I usually have no problem making it at home (and I do make a pretty mean one).  But in the end I saw some flavors on the Nacho Daddy menu that were intriguing.  It's not hard to make me happy when it comes to nachos, I mean I even like the ones at the local 7-11!  

The fam and I went on a weekend for lunch and was a bit surprised the place was fairly empty.  There was football on the TV!  Nachos!  Beer!  Women in tight tops!  Would have thought Nacho Daddy would have been more filled in for a sports day.  There were only like 6 - 8 tables taken when we got there, and a fairly empty bar area.

We were seated promptly at a nice corner table near the windows.  Our server was very personable and fairly quick.  Looking at the menu we all decided to get two nacho entrees to share and a salad to go along with it.  We decided on:

*Nacho Average Burger Nachos ($10.95) - seasoned ground beef, applewood smoked bacon, yellow queso sauce, red onions, tomatoes & shredded lettuce over house made corn chips

*Florentine Nachos ($11.95) - grilled chicken breast, sun dried tomatoes, bacon, spinach, topped with Asiago, Romano & Parmesan cheese sauce, all over spinach corn chips

*Kale Salad ($6.95 & a Nacho Daddy favorite) - kale with cucumber, corn, grape tomatoes, mushrooms, red onions & avocado with an agave citrus vinaigrette

You might think that with the advert of house made chips at Nacho Daddy you would get a complimentary bowl of them along with some house salsa at each table.  Isn't the chip supposed to be your strong point?  Why not a sample?  But not the case here.  If you want it, Bottomless Chips & Salsa are offered at $2.95 for every 4 guests.  Not a big deal, but it did kinda bother me a bit.  Oh well, price of doing business I suppose.

Didn't take too long for our orders to come out, maybe around 20 minutes.  All looked pretty fresh!  

Nacho Average Burger Nachos were good.  Basically like a cheeseburger on a nacho!  While delicious, I didn't think this was really something I couldn't attempt to make at home.  Chips were crunchy, with a fair amount of toppings on top.  But I could have done with more cheese on them, maybe a healthy layer of shredded cheese in the middle of the chip stack BEFORE adding the queso sauce and toppings?  I had a few spots there where my chip didn't get any cheese on them.

The Florentine Nachos were pretty to look at with all the Italian colors of red, white & green.  Thankfully they were tasty as well.  Grilled chicken wasn't dry, and the sun dried tomatoes and bacon added some good contrasting texture.  The white cheese sauce was yummy, but again there wasn't quite enough to go around!  Some of the spinach chips ended up being bare in spots!  

Surprisingly, the best thing we had on the table was the Kale Salad!  I would go back to Nacho Daddy just for this!  Possibly make it a meal next time with the addition of a grilled chicken breast on top!  This salad was downright great, even though the rest of my fam didn't like the red onion on it.  I think the vinaigrette is what made their kale salad really good.  It was sweet, sour & tangy, a good mix with the hearty kale & meaty avocado.  I just wish this sucker were bigger!  

The manager of Nacho Daddy came to our table towards the end of our meal and asked us how we were doing & if the food was to our liking.  I politely made a small comment about the cheese placement and he told me they would definitely look into making a change on that.  He also suggested on the next visit to try the Thai Chicken Nachos, his current favorite.  Pleasant guy, thanked us for coming in.

Overall Nacho Daddy is going in a good direction for a niche/theme restaurant.  The nachos were tasty but needs some work with getting more cheese in those nooks & crannies.  Also, maybe up the serving a tad?  When I think nachos I think a big pile of chips smothered in goodies.  Adding another little layer of chips would up the wow factor for these guys and add value to their pricing.  I wish the salad were a bit larger as well, but it was enough for three of us to share in smaller servings.

I'd come back again to Nacho Daddy if I had another Groupon handy.  I'm not sure if I'd be back right away without one though, there's just so many other places to dine if you're spending that kind of money.  However, their nacho combinations are hard to beat.

Nacho ordinary joint!