I've been here twice now and seemed to have had a completely different experience each time so I'm going to round it out to 3 starts from what would have been a 4-5 star experience and a 2-3 star experience I'll combine in this one review.

So the first time I went was soon after they opened and I had the chile rellenos which were AMAZING, and I think the best chile rellenos I have ever had.  The goat cheese and pomegranate seeds were really a fantastic touch.  The service was also excellent and we enjoyed the salsa and cheese dip as appetizers.

The 2nd time I went was today, several months after my first experience.  I decided to try the tacos this time so I got a beef taco that the menu described came with some type of chili chocolate sauce which sounded intriguing.  I also got the quinoa cilantro plantain soup which sounded really unique.  However, I was disappointed in both.  The beef taco tasted dry and flavorless like it really needed something else, and I couldn't even really taste any of the special chocolate chili sauce I was so excited about.  It felt like it needed some kind of slaw or veggie or cheese or something, as the only garnish I could see was the cilantro (and I guess onion in there somewhere but I could barely taste it).  The quinoa soup was quite bland and uninteresting even though it contained interesting ingredients.  My friend ordered the chorizo verde tacos and it came out as two plain ground beef tacos.  She went to report the error and they tried to argue with her at first then finally admitted that they were out of the chorizo verde!  Ridiculous! They finally brought her regular chorizo which they should've offered the first time.  My other friend with the jerk taco did enjoy it though and that one looked like it had more to it with the mango slices and other accoutrements.  Also, the service this time was just terrible despite the restaurant only having 2 other tables seated at the time.  It took forever for us to place our order, the food took quite awhile to come, and the server never checked on us and we had to find her a couple of times (such as to fix the error).  We also had chips, salsa and guac that were just ok, nothing that tasted super fresh or amazing and the portions were small of the salsa and guac (and the salsa was not free like most places offer). I was definitely disappointed after my first visit.

It is BYOB so that's kind of disappointing to have no drink options but they said they would make margaritas if you bring the tequila but I think that was limited to a specific day of the week.  It wasn't completely clear.  The decor is really cute with traditional art, very colorful and lively, and a faux thatched roof look along the walls.

I noticed other reviews on here talking about them having an issue with being out of things.  This time they were only out of the pulled pork, but it was a key ingredient of multiple dishes.  One reviewer noted that they were out of so many things because of a busy night the prior night, including key things like guacamole.  If you are a restaurant and you run out of a key app like guacamole, go to the freaking grocery store and buy some more avocados and make some more asap!  Even chipotle does this and that's fast food.  They really need to get it together or they won't last long.