Our overall review based soley on today's dining experience is 3.5 stars. However, we have visited Cien Agaves probably a dozen times over the past year and those experiences average 4 stars. I think today was just a slightly "off" day for the kitchen.

To start, we visited during a very busy spring training game lunch, and the place was packed with a nice variety of tourists and locals alike. We were impressed that we were able to be seated quickly and got our drinks and order in before several large groups. The salsas and chips arrived rapidly after our request for them, and we were happy to have them to enjoy while we waited for our lunch. The green salsa was tart and tasty; the red salsa with a large pieces of onion and tomato (I love a chunky salsa) was even better. The chips were fresh and warm.

We had a very good waitress who kept our refills coming and did a great job keeping in touch with us throughout the course of our time at the restaurant. Like I said, this was very impressive service in spite of the crowd in the restaurant. 

My hubby and I ordered our two favorite meals at Cien Agaves for lunch. He got the chorizo cheese crisp; I got the green chili pork soup. My soup was GREAT! It had wonderful tender chunks of pork, plus the vegetables were cooked perfectly to the way I like them, gently pliable but not mush. It also had the right amount of spice, just enough to make me sweat ever so slightly.

The problem with our meal occured with the cheese crisp. First, the amount of chorizo was stingy. Secondly, and more importantly, it was burned on the bottom to the point that is all we could taste was BURNT. When the waitress stopped by to check on us shortly after the meals were delivered, we explained this problem and she immediately sent this flawed cheese crisp packing, back to the kitchen.

Before too long, we were greeted with another crisp. The amount of chorizo was increased, which was good. This time, however, the crisp was slightly undercooked and slimy, making it more difficult to eat. On the other hand, the flavors this time, of the cheese and onions and sausage, came through nicely so we proceeded to eat this second cheese crisp even though it wasn't CRISP. Better than too CRISP, I guess.

All in all, I was sorry to give today's experience 3.5 stars instead of the 4 our meals usually deserve. But like I said, something was "off" in the kitchen today, which lowered the rating for us. However, it will not keep us from visiting Cien Agaves again.