I was going to do Roberto's again tonight but Yelpers seemed to like this place so I gave it a shot. I got the same thing I get at Roberto's, a tamale and shredded beef "Mucho Nachos." Yelpers were right again: the order is HUGE and inexpensive, and the shredded beef is really tasty. 


The tamale is...not awful. I mean, I'm still picking at it, but it's disappointing and I wouldn't recommend it. The masa is fluffy and I like mine denser. Plus the chicken is kinda dry and stringy. It was only $1.29 or something like that, but eh. 

Now the nachos are almost great. The container weighed a ton, and inside is a glorious, sloppy heap of nachos. Lots of guac and sour cream and fresh pico and plenty of flavorful shredded beef. BUT here's the thing: the chips don't hold up. I live about a mile away, and my first chip folded in half, soggy and chewy from the toppings. It would have been AWESOME if it were structurally sound, but this unfortunately had no crunch to it at all. I ate it with a fork and it tasted like a nacho casserole or something. I don't know what Baja Taco can do to fix this, but I would recommend ordering an extra thing of chips on the side so you have some crunchy ones.

And, finally, this one thing happened... when I walked in the cashier was emptying the lobby trash can.  I said, "Take your time, I need to look at the menu anyway." Someone then pulled up to the drive thru so she had to come back to the register anyway. You know where I'm going with this, don't you? That's right, she didn't wash her hands. She turned to wrap a giant burrito for the drive thru order and I said, "You should wash your hands after..." and she immediately did, apologizing and assuring me she normally does. (You're welcome, Guy Who Ordered A Foot long Burrito!) I won't pretend to be TOO shocked, because I work in the service industry too and I've seen it all. NO ONE is washing their hands enough. I won't say this place is gross because of it, but if you order in, be cognizant.