God, I am so conflicted about this restaurant, and not really for reasons related to the food. I'll start with the good and then move on.

The tacos=good. I like the shrimp tacos especially, which are juicy and have lots of good cabbage dressing and sauce. 3 of them make a fine meal. We also split queso fundido and the elotes--roasted corn with mayo and Oaxaca cheese drizzled with lime juice. Sounds weird--it's great! Definitely try it. The space itself is cute, with glass walls, light wood, and lots of minimalist furniture and funky light fixtures. Like, if *I* were going to run a restaurant, this is how I'd want it to look. The huge amount of glass does turn it into something of a hotbox during the summer months, though, especially as their air conditioning isn't so great. 

Now the part that I'm conflicted about. Garfield, the neighborhood Verde is located in, is a neighborhood in Pittsburgh that has struggled economically in the last few decades. Verde, along with Kevin Sousa's Salt of the Earth, are sort of the leading "anchors" of Garfield's "revitalization." Verde is located in a beautiful, Modernist apartment building next to a bikram yoga studio, and it definitely caters to a trendy, young, East End-ish clientele. But I wonder if Pittsburghers, in their rush to reclaim their city as a hip and fun place to live, have confused revitalization for gentrification. As I, a young, middle-class white woman, ate my $18 tacos and my $9 queso and my $7 corn and my 2 $8 Palomas seated next to other young middle-class white people, I questioned what the point of a restaurant-as-revitalization is when the "revitalization" doesn't seem to be accessible to the majority of the people who actually live in this neighborhood. Verde's demographic seriously does not reflect the demographic of Garfield itself. This is a qualm I also have with Kevin Sousa's presence here, so it's not about Verde specifically. But creating a restaurant that draws outside people to a neighborhood *while still catering to people within the neighborhood* isn't impossible. Kevin Sousa, oddly enough, has managed to do this in East Liberty with Station Street and Union Pig and Chicken. I think Verde probably has an opportunity to be that kind of a place in Garfield, and I wonder if they're taking it. When they do, I'll be truly impressed.