This is the second time I've eaten here and both times I've been slightly disappointed. But only slightly. The food is always good, which is the most important thing. But they need a service makeover really bad. The first time I asked at least three times if my tostada came with sour cream because it's not included on most items at most Mexican food joints. I love sour cream. Crema mmmmm... they assured me I'd get SC on my bean tostada. I should have checked before walking back to my office. No SC. I called and they ran a LOT of SC and more salsa over through the parking lot ASAP. She apologized profusely too. Incidentally I forgot to order a side of SC this second time and the food was so tasty I didn't even miss it, which is saying a lot from me.

They are now giving out complimentary chips and salsa with every order, both eat in and take out which is rad. The chips are yummy; warm, crisp and salty. The red salsa has been tasty yet inconsistent. It was more mild and herby last time and hot and salty this time. It's my first time trying the green salsa and yuck, sweet and bland. How does that happen in salsa? I poured a little of the green into the red and yippee! Super yum yum. 

Today I ordered a crispy carnita taco with two sides, beans and rice. The taco was so good with very flavourful pork, lettuce and lots of tomato. The carnitas isn't what you would think of as traditionally seasoned, boiled and roasted pork but it's tender and has a little kick. The rice has an almost smoky flavour which I hope they did on purpose because it's amazing. The beans are well cooked, creamy, flavourful and probably loaded with some delicious kind of fat.

Unfortunately both times I've eaten here the food is just a shade cooler than room temp and I think this is only because I haven't been able to eat it immediately. The first time I waited for my condiments and the second time they forgot both my sides. I waited a really long time relatively because the message that my order wasn't complete didn't get back into the kitchen originally and I had to inform some random server in the dining area why I was just standing there with bag in hand.
Overall the food is pretty damn good. Everything so far has been very well seasoned, maybe a little too salty for some but I like salty. The service needs some serious fine tuning. And lastly, anyone who has ever worked in the restaurant business knows you never paint your restaurant blue. It's a psychological appetite suppressant. Maybe they need one of those restaurant rescue shows???