I've had Desnudo Tacos bookmarked for quite some time now and I seemed to have a pretty similar experience to a few others. It was just on the edge of 4 stars.

The location itself is a bit sketch. They are on the corner of DI and Arville in between Moon Doggies/Naked City Pizza and a tattoo shop. Even at 7pm on a weeknight, we noticed a few characters wandering around the area. Inside the restaurant is pretty cool though. I'm not a huge fan of the community style bench seating but the décor is neat and my son loved the arcade game. 

Much like other taco spots, the menu is somewhat limited. Desnudo takes it a bit further though and offers different specials throughout the week. To start off, we got an order of the chips and guacamole. The guacamole is really delicious and I'd highly recommend it. Although a little light on the salt for my taste, the flavor was spectacular and had a nice, balanced touch of heat. My only major complaint was with the chips as they weren't salted at all and pretty stale. 

For my meal, I ended up ordering the Tinga Poblana tacos, which feature a combo of pork shoulder and chorizo. The meat itself was extremely tender and flavorful but the ratio of meat to tortilla was way off for me. Their tortillas are decent, but they are big and for me, it was just too much. I do love the fact that they are topped with fresh avocado and a killer crema though. They've also got some of the best beans and rice I've had in a taco joint. 

The food itself was a solid 3.5 stars but the service kept me from bumping this up to a 4. I'm not sure if our waitress was new but she was unfamiliar with the menu and didn't even know what arroz meant. At the end of our meal, I believe the check was wrong too. With just us two and our 5 year old, we spent about $50 after tip. There was a weird add-on to our bill, but she claimed the register was missing a button or something and swore the bill was right. Even if it was, she was kind of rude about it and with the lack of service throughout our meal, it just made things worse.

If you're in the area, it's definitely worth a try. In fact, I want to go back to try one of their burritos that seem to be so popular, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat her.