i feel like when looking for restaurants on here, if i see a three star place i'm likely to avoid it. i had a very good experience here though.

a friend and i were actually looking for a different mexican restaurant, one she tried to go to on a sunday and monday, the only two days they are closed, and when we arrived on saturday evening, we found a sign saying they have moved from phoenix to mesa.  clearly not destined to patronize that restaurant.  

anyway, we'd passed the sign for this tiny strip mall restaurant and decided to head back and give an unknown place a try. the atmosphere is pretty generic, there are both booths and tables and some typical mexican decoration. doesn't transport me to a mexican pueblo, but it's not a tourist trap either so i was pretty comfortable.  after a quick scan of the menu my friend decided on the green chili burrito smothered with cheese and plated with beans and rice. ($6.75) i went for the chiles rellenos with rice and beans. ($9.25)

we ate some average tortilla chips with some super spicy red chili salsa and though our meals were out in record time we got a free refill of the chips when we drained the first bowl. 

my chiles rellenos were excellent.  dark green chiles lightly breaded, filled to the brim with white cheese and smothered in a spicy green sauce with some extra cheese on top. rice tasted like it had been cooked in beef broth and the beans were definitely cooked with a ham bone.  i'm a vegetarian so i had to skip those but there were two big chiles and i got hot fluffy corn tortillas so i didn't need the sides anyway. (but $9.25 is a little steep for what i was able to eat) 

Kate started to dig into her plated burrito when she realized that it was not a 'green chile burrito' but a pork burrito with green chile sauce.  she's not a vegetarian, and is literally the calmest and nicest person i've ever met, but she was pissed. she didn't send it back under the pretenses of false advertising, which she probably should have, but she was really annoyed and even as we were leaving she commented that she would never go back to a place that doesn't label their menu items correctly. 

so on the one hand i would go back there in a heartbeat, quick service, good food and for the most part decent prices, kate would list it on a top ten places to avoid list. i would say if you're on baseline and you want something that doesn't pander to gringo's head over to el mesquite and give it a try.