Del Taco is a fast food chain that serves American style Mexican cuisine. It has been serving delicious American style Mexican cuisine since Ed Hackbarth opened the first Del Taco in Yermo, California just east of Barstow on September 16, 1964. Fifty years later, if you were to drive approximately 140 miles from the first Del Taco up I-15, then east on I-215, and north on Pecos Road there is a Del Taco that keeps the name going strong. I will share my experiences at this location. 

   This Del Taco is located at the busy Green Valley crossroads of Pecos Road and Windmill Parkway. I often drive by it. However, it was hiking that led me inside the building. This very Del Taco is also a hop and a skip from the Pittman Wash Trail. As a matter of fact, the large parking lot it shares with other businesses is where I separated from my car for a couple of hours. After hiking the Pittman Wash Trail I thanked Del Taco for the complimentary trailhead parking by making it my choice for the post-hike dinner. 

   Del Taco is more than just tacos. They serve a fantastic cheeseburger that is severely underrated. I walked inside the building expecting to order their mutant cheeseburger, take a picture then spread the word about it in my Yelp review. That didn't happen. If I had visited on any day but Taco Tuesday this would be a different review. There on the door was the advertisement announcing three tacos for $1.29 on Tuesday from 3 to 11 P.M. I'd celebrate Taco Tuesday and add a small Coke and medium fries that added up to less than a $5 bill. 

   The man working at the counter was friendly. He greeted me and was the first impression of this location. My second impression was the cleanliness of the large restaurant. This is the first Del Taco where I saw the Taco sauces and ketchup packets stored on little plates on every table. 

  Immediately after ordering I took my small soda cup to the Coke fountain. The deal with Del Taco drink sizes is they are Big. Here small means medium and large means super sized. This isn't one of the fast food restaurants where a small cup is a step above a water cup. The fountains where you fill the cups are Coke products including Coke Zero. 

  Around five minutes later, I'd pick up the food. The three hard shell tacos were tasty and filling. I topped them off with the Del Inferno sauce. As far as spiciness 2  stars. With the three tacos, I'd enjoy the crinkle cut fries. The fries were good, however, in my opinion Nathan's Famous is the King of crinkle cut fries. 

  I enjoyed Taco Tuesday so much that I returned to this location a couple of Tuesdays later. It's that good that I just might return here at a later Taco Tuesday.