We stumbled upon this place, after visiting the Design Center.  I had heard about it from less-than-trustworthy sources (as far as food recommendations go), but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. We went in for a Saturday lunch service, and the place was pretty much empty (maybe four or five tables and our own). The hostess was nice and quickly took us to our table. The decor is electic, I guess, though I thought the wall of sconces was tacky and unnecessary, even more so given that they are located it at a walking distance from one of the only places in Las Vegas were design rules. Other than that, the ambiance was nice, music quite lame (Mexican pop artists, like Paulina Rubio...really?), the lighting dim, and the waiters friendly and biligual. 

We ordered the fried calamari to start (about $15). They were executed well (crunchy, not soggy), and the dipping sauces were nice: one was green, with cilantro and serrano undertones, and the other was basically a chipotle mayo. For entrees, I ordered the chipotle glazed salmon with roasted vegetables, and my husband ordered the short rib enchiladas. The former was very good, though piping hot (maybe left a bit too long under the salamander). It was well portioned, and came drenched in a tomatillo sauce (good), and roasted veggies (including red peppers and zuchinni). It was $18, and overall, it was really good. The salmon was probably a defrosted version, but again, what can you realistically expect in this city?

The other entree, the short rib enchiladas, were very good (for about $16-$18). If you're really hungry, make sure you stock up on appetizers, as this plate only has two, albeit delicious, enchiladas. They are drenched in a red "enchilada sauce" (as most Americans will eagerly call it), and I was pleased to realize that it was very authentic-Mexican-tasting. They were also missing the signature cheddar chesse/sour cream toppings, that were infamously made popular by places like Taco Bell. Overall, they were delicious and I would definitely order them again. 

We asked our waitress for a dessert menu, but she proceded to tell us there were "churros con chocolate" available. We shrugged, then she said they also had flan...and coffee. A bit lacking, I would say, and I would have preferred to look at a dessert menu, even though by that point, I was stuffed. 

Overall, the service is nice, the ambiance is romantic and casual, and the food is good. Do not expect extremely authentic Mexican flavors, but they are good enough to come back. Further, their location makes you feel you are in a real city, with real buildings!