The fella and I were pretty excited to hear that Tapas 51 had opened since we live nearby and since Fort Mill needs more good restaurants. We popped in on a Wednesday night, and the place was about half full. They've done a big revamp since the Passion8 days, and it's much brighter inside! They could still use a few more decorations since the main wall is huge and naked, but they're getting there. It's still fairly small inside with maybe 12 tables in the main dining room and a bar with 8 chairs.

We were promptly greeted and seated, and our waiter came right over to take our order. We started with a glass of wine and a beer (mostly local offerings) and perused the menu. I wasn't sure what the header "Churrasco" meant, and I asked the waiter; he seemed confused and had to look at the menu. He said, "Oh, that means from the grill!" Ah, okay. Service was spot-on, and I'm sure it'll only get even better with time.

We started with the Brussels sprouts ($4), which were divine. They were tangy and vinegary, and I wish I knew what else was in them. Mmmm. The fella got the pulled pork tacos, and I got the coffee crusted brisket tacos - there were 3 tacos each for $9. Sadly, my brisket was pretty charred, and both sets of tacos were dry. Mine had avocado, so that helped, and the fella's had some pickled onions, which provided a little juice, but they were fairly bland and underwhelming.

For dessert, we split a chocotorta, which I thought meant it had chocolate in it, but there was no chocolate. It was good, but I spent the whole time eating it thinking they might have brought me the wrong dessert. It was sort of a dulche de leche cake with marshmallow creme on top... fine, but not what I thought I was getting.

All told, we spent $50 + tip for two sets of tacos, Brussels sprouts, dessert, a glass of wine, and two beers, so not too shabby. I appreciate what they're going for, and realizing they've only been open a week, I don't want to be too harsh! There's room for improvement, and I think they're anxious to do just that. We'll definitely give them another try, and I'll look forward to upping their rating.