Fine. Just fine. C+/B- average-- all around.    

The decor was rustic and lodge-like, yet still open and modern.  No complaints here-- aesthetically pleasing and lacking the bright colors and loud mariachi music of more traditional Mexican restaurants.  The table we were sat at seemed to have been haphazardly wiped-- not totally clean. Our server was okay as well-- friendly enough, but seemed generally disinterested in her job and us and was not very knowledgable about the food she was serving. 

The food was fine.  The salsa served with the chips was totally fine-- fresh enough but not very flavorful-- a theme we would soon learn would repeat itself throughout our dining experience.  We started with the avocado egg rolls with cilantro honey dipping sauce.  These were the highlight of the meal-- the sweet sauce complimented the creamy avocado taste nicely.  My only qualm here was the $10.50 price tag for 2 standard sized egg rolls.  Seems a wee bit steep for what it was, but still very tasty.  I ordered the vegetarian tacos and they were good-- not wow, but good.  I appreciated the variety of vegetables and the fact that they had veggie tacos in the first place (many more standard Mexican restaurants do not).  I do wish they'd had more spices. The side of rice was pretty good, but not as flavorful as I'd like.  The veggie tacos are also served with some sort of pickled cabbage onion slaw (because the borracho beans that accompany the other dishes are cooked with bacon).  The slaw was also fine.  In general the food was acceptable, but a bit bland.  I should also mention that the portions are quite reasonable-- two smallish veggie tacos and a bit of rice and slaw.  Sometimes the portions as more traditional Mexican restaurants are absurdly gargantuan-- it was nice to see a normal sized and relatively healthy-seeming Mexican(ish) meal.

Full disclosure here-- our visit to Black Chile was prompted by a card we'd received in the mail good for $20 off any meal.  So we figured it was worth a shot-- and it was, but maybe not a return visit.  Our bill (pre-discount) for the appetizer, 2 entrees, and two sodas came to $40.  If it wasn't at the Biltmore, I'd say it was a little steep, but considering its location, it's probably right on.  I'd go back if the food had wowed me, especially since it's in my neighborhood, but it didn't, so a repeat visit isn't likely.  There are enough solidly 4 and 5 star places in the vicinity that 3 stars doesn't generally make me a repeat customer.