Sort of a mixed bag here.  I'm trying to figure out what type of restaurant El Rico's is.  When you first walk in you get the whole Rubio's vibe with the whole go up and place your order and pay.  You then go sit down and it's full service from that point.  Hopefully they reconsider the go up and order thing because the work flow up there is terrible.  We had 4 families in front of us (not really that much), it took us 15 minutes (maybe a couple of minutes over) just to order.  Had it not been for Megan's 5 star we would have walked out.  Their menu is definitely a full service price so it'd be nice to just immediately sit down.  One other bad thing is the lady that took our order says that a bottle of beer is $4.50.  Way overpriced.... cut it to 3, still make a good margin, and actually have an alcohol business.  

I ordered the burrito and taco combination plate.  Carne asada in the burrito and shredded chicken in the taco.  My girlfriend went for the enchilada plate with shredded chicken.  She was just so-so on the enchilada's  (I actually thought they were good).  The shredded chicken was well seasoned and also perfectly cooked.  A lot of times you suffer with dry chicken in an enchilada so I was pleasantly surprised.  The chicken in my taco was the same, good quality, perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned.  The carne asada meat was higher quality and cooked right, a good amount of char to the meat without over-cooking it. They appear to use lime as part of their marinade and it was overpowering towards the end. The burrito could have also been stuffed with more meat.  I'll say there is a better carne asada burrito just up the street that is cheaper...but hey, can't win em all. They do serve you chips and salsa and the salsa was pretty good. Half of the chips were undercooked, greasy and soft. Combinations come with beans and rice... beans were good (slightly under seasoned) and the rice was very good. Not clumpy at all.  They don't make their own hot sauce, only Tapatio.

Decent patio with misters outside and the decor inside is sort of like a patio setup.... wooden drawers painted with old town Mexican style (and colors).  The seating is almost like a bistro patio set and not overly comfortable for girls wearing shorts (will leave the pattern marks on the back of your legs).  It's probably more of a 3 1/2 star for me.... somewhere in between so-so and good.  A place you'll probably find yourself at more than once, but won't really rave about it to your friends. A four star if it's around 15-18 bucks for two... a three star when it's around 25-30 bucks.