We were driving by charleston blvd and was hungry, looking for somewhere to get food. We were gonna go to tacos el gordo, i have been there once only and remembered the time me and friends spent on the line but that didnt matter before..  But i was so hungry i dont have the patience to stand in loooong lines to get my food. So we went to los tacos which is right beside. We ordered at the drive thru. Saw the sign burrito $6. Tacos are 3.50. so i ordered carne asada and lengua tacos. My bf ordered carne asada burrito.. And my son ordered the cheese quesadilla which is $2 and a pineapple juice $2. When we came up the window, the lady said total is 25 and some change. I was like how did it came up to 25??? Were we blind and didnt see the signs correctly??? The lady noticed i was trying to do the math (i was seating in the back seat with my window closed) so she recapped what we ordered and in the end she said we wanted everything on our tacos and burrito, it's 1.75 extra for each. I was like wtf. Never heard of that before. so what does my tacos and burrito include if i dont pay the extra for everything???? I was hungry so i was like fck it. Took 15mind on the drive thru. We noticed the kitchen is soooo crowded and only one man is doing the work. I guess he's the chef? When we got our food, ummm! Sooooo gooood!!!! I first noticed the guacamole on my first bite...so fresh!! My bf liked the burrito too. Better than robertos he said. But for the price we paid for that burrito, it was like only half the size of robertos. SO he would still rather order his burrito at robertos....lol as far as quesadilla, EW! Too much oil! Drenching in oil! I took it out the plastic bag and the oil leaked from the foil onto my legs!! Ugh! It was hot and messy. But my son ate it anyway. 
Food is excellent. Small portions and too pricey. And ive read other reviews that they keep bringin up their prices.... Yikes! We really liked their food but I hope we dont have to pay 6 dollars for one taco with everything the next time we come back.