First off, do NOT let the location fool you and do NOT be fooled by it's location! This places shares the parking lot/building with a gentlemen's club, SERIOUSLY!  When we pulled up, I was like, "Wait! Is this place inside the titty bar?!?!? I mean like tacos & titties?!?!?" But I quickly realized that there are two very separate entrances. I mean, I may be Gay and all, but I am NOT opposed to tacos & titties!! However, it did throw me off for a quickness!
Anyways, back to my experience with them. Once you get over joking around with the hostess regarding the location, to which she was a champ at; I assumed she's had this dialogue before. She was super sweet and awesome, and very attentive. Our server came over rather quickly and she was super friendly, sweet and nice. She laughed a lot whit us while we were there. They weren't terribly busy, however it was nice to have someone so pleasant taking care of us. 
As for our food. We started off with guacamole, which they make to order at your table. It was fresh, it was good it was just missing some salt. One of us ordered the shredded beef enchiladas and they were tasty, it was missing a little something something in the flavor department as well as the seafood enchiladas as someone else ordered in our party. The base of the each plate was there, like you taste that they could have been SUPER tasty, however they were missing just that one little flavor to make them POP! However, they were good. I ordered the chicken nachos, I'm kind of a sucker for finger foods! The chicken was super tasty and tender. The chips were great! The nachos overall, were perfect. I also ordered a jalapeno margarita which was YUMMY! Although, they attached 3/4 of a jalapeno to the side of the glass, which was a bit of an overkill, but the drink was YUMMY! My only downside, I judge a lot of Mexican places by their beans. And their beans were a bit off. They needed to be refried just a bit more and smoothed out. However, keep in mind they refry them in animal lard, just like the way you're suppose too!! 
One thing I won't lie to you about is the price. It is on the pricier side of things especially for lunch. I mean my margarita alone was like $12 and entrees were about $12 and up, not to say they didn't have less expensive items, but the entrees were in the low teens and up. So be prepared to eat and spend if you go for lunch. We noticed that they had a lot of happy hour specials, like on Wed they offer free tequila and then their daily one from 5pm-11pm looks like they had some GREAT specials!
Definitely will keep this on my "let's try again list" and want to go back for their Happy Hour treats! Plus, service was great. Again, just don't let the titty bar next to them fool ya!!