After a nice Glendale Politicos meeting at  a nearby establishment, my husband and I decided to stop by La Perla Cafe. It's a long standing and well known restaurant in the Historical Glendale area. Last time I was there was 8 years ago and it hasn't changed, not excellent not terrible. What to expect: If you come here on a Friday or Saturday night this place is like a little night club with super great mariachi group. In our case, we came for dinner on a Friday evening 8ish. There are several bouncers in the parking lot directing traffic. We told them we were here for  dinner and a drink. Walking in, I thought we entered the wrong door because we were in the lounge area. The lounge area is a blast from the past. Wood panel walls, mismatched vinyl chairs, funky colored vinyl table covers, musty smell, old school floor plan and a great Jukebox. BUT you know what as picky as I am I didn't mind the "mishmash" of the place. I immediately felt at home. The servers were all Latinas with tattoos and as kind as my mother! The menu was quite extensive with selections such as Mole, Shrimp Fajitas, Tripas, Albondigas, Enchiladas, Flautas etc. I ordered the Shrimp in garlic sauce. It came with the best refried beans the kind that Nana makes, Spanish rice and well now the shrimp (not so much) . Not the best! I'm picky on my food and this shrimp was rubbery. The garlic sauce was seasoned accordingly but that's about it. My husband enjoyed his Chicken Mole. We both had cocktails and LOVED Mariachi Aguilar. We left right before the next music entertainment was to start. I asked the server about the next act, and she said it was a Tex-Mex band named Ambicion. I really wanted to stay and listen. Perhaps next time. I hear they do a great Sunday brunch. I will say that I would feel comfortable bringing my children here as well as business associates. The service is superb, food is o-k-a-y but not greatest (chips and salsa were awesome) drinks excellent, ambiance down home cozy with a Latin vibe. Coming back soon but not ordering the shrimp.