Do you like large portions of greasy Mexican food from a mom & pop shop?  If so, then Betito's checks off all those boxes for you.

It's located in an extremely depressing strip mall, even by Phoenix standards.  The shops used to be anchored by a Basha's supermarket, which failed.  Betito's is in the storefront that used to be a failed Quizno's, right between a failed Dairy Queen and a failed Heart Attack Grill.  In other words, good parking is readily available.

The menu consists primarily of combo meals.  There's a helpful photo of each and nearly all of them are $7.40 or $8.40.  When they conceived the menu, there must have been a sale on the stickers for '4' and '0'.

I ordered the cheese enchilada and carne asada burrito combo, with double rice in lieu of refried beans.  There's a weird little condiment bar that had a few sauces, peppers, onions, and cucumbers.  Yes, cucumbers... they were actually refreshing.  The sauces weren't as appealing, and the green one was very hot.

My food came in a styrofoam box that weighed as much as a kettle bell.  The prices aren't super cheap, but they don't cheat you on portions.  The real star of the meal was the carne asada burrito.  It was filled with tender beef, guacamole, and pico.  No filler.  The rice was good, too, except there was so much of it.  It was soft with a subtle tomato flavor and a few diced vegetables mixed in.  The enchilada would have made the Heart Attack Grill proud.  It was layered, not rolled, and the cheese, oil, and bland tomato sauce pooled in the styrofoam, overwhelming the shredded lettuce that was garnishing the meal.

The place sure seemed authentic.  Most of the clientele was Hispanic.  A spanish soap opera played on a small TV.  Some of the combos come with a Coke in a glass bottle.  And the cashier was very nice to me.  They charge a $0.60 fee on debit/credit card transactions, but she offered to waive it before I even knew it existed.

My advice is to just order the carne asada burrito, not a combo.  Pay cash.  And take pride in supporting a local small business.