So my Review is a little late... Like a week late, but better late then never, right? I've dined here two times with the gf and within the two different times, We've had two different experiences ( try saying that 5x LOL) from the customer service to the way the food tasted ...

First time - Walked in and stood there for a couple minutes until a waitress shouted " pick where you wanna sit" uh ok.... We sat down and we had the choice of booth or table, so we chose a table, and then after a couple minutes our waitress finally greeted us with very bland Chips y Salsa starter .We were  asked if we wanted a beverage ... "Of course we did right?" ... GF and I both chose Preparadas and they were by far the tastiest and better than B. Michoacan * cough...  We ordered the most amazingly prepared Guacamole y chips ! The chips were deep fried and flaky and the guacamole was the perfection of the right ratio of onion and lime, and strangely it was topped with a cheese... I'm thinking it could've been Oaxaca (not sure) but it was damn good .. Oh and we both shared the Submarinos - shrimp and fish ceviche inside a hollowed out cucumber, 2 per order. It was just enough for both of us . We saved room for dessert and ordered Churros con Nieve (ice cream) the Churros were okay :/ not the best but not the worst ( they were filled with cajete & chocolate ) and the ice cream was .. Well it was ice cream ?  I give it a 3/5 

Now ... 


Second time-  Gf ordered a Preparada and I got a MANGOCHELADA oh my ! It was prepared like a Chelada but it had mango pieces and a tamarindo straw- it was amazzing! We shared the Guacamole, but this time it was way off, it needed salt, lime and more onion. It was a totally different dish from the first experience . The chips y salsa were a little better, it wasn't so gringo this time. Sorry :/  then lastly we ordered just the "ceviche de camaron " and it was great.. We skipped dessert this time .. 

Overall .. Food was good, better than most places in town, drinks are GREAT., but work on the customer service and making people feel welcomed & not rushed .. Both times were different so I'm sticking to 3 stars.