After reading all of the great reviews on Yelp, we decided to give Joyride Taco House a try. My parents, kids, sister, nephew and myself arrived right at opening so we could avoid the busy lunchtime rush. We were quickly seated and the first thing I noticed was the abundance of flies. I'd read about the fly issue, but was surprised by how many there were. I spent the entire meal swatting them away from my face, food and drink. I love restaurants with indoor/outdoor seating and understand that sometimes flies get in, but I've never seen a restaurant have as much of a fly problem as Joyride. Unfortunately, the flies weren't the only problem.

Pros:

Great décor and I loved the vibe of the place.
The outdoor seating area is amazing - I could see myself returning for a girl's night out

Cons:

Flies - See first paragraph for details.

Dirty dishes - two out of seven plates were dirty and one of our cups was dirty, I understand that sometimes dishes don't get clean, but a little due diligence would prevent a plate with a dime-sized piece of food finding its way to customers.

Food was subpar - Although I prefer more traditional Mexican food, I knew that 
Joyride has its own eclectic take on the cuisine and so I was prepared for the food to be different. Unfortunately, it wasn't just different but most of it lacked depth of flavor. The pinto beans and chili rellenos were bland and the kid's nachos were topped with the odd-tasting cheese. On the other side of the spectrum was the overly sweet carne asada. As an Arizona native I've tried a bevy of different carne asada marinades over my lifetime, but never have I tried one as sweet as Joyride's. Even though I have a sweet tooth, it was off putting. My nephew and my sister agreed.

Hit & Miss:

Service - The service started off great - we were seated quickly and our waitress was attentive - explaining various menu items and checking on us several times. Then she disappeared for about 10 minutes. Once we ordered, most of the food was delivered but they forgot one side and my nephew's entire meal. Thankfully the tacos cook quickly and so he didn't have to wait for long.

Overall: Not one of the seven of us said we would return for lunch or dinner. My sister and I said we'd give Joyride another try and meet with friends for drinks.