I never like to review a restaurant that opened just 24 hours ago, but I'll make an exception for Joyride. Upwards Projects has this restaurant thing down pat! I met my husband here at 10pm expecting it still to be busy, but there was tons of seating available both inside and outside underneath lanterns hung on a large tree.

I love the decor and ambience. There is lots of fun decorations and bright colors that work well together without being garish. The big U-shaped bar area is fantastic with cushioned, velvety barstools. We were seated at a table near the bussing, but next time, I think the bar area would be the best place, if only for better service.Our waitress wasn't particularly bad, but she didn't check up on us enough. She walked by a few times with a smile, but never stopped to see if we wanted another drink. We always want another drink! Like we often have to do at Postino next door, we started placing orders with the friendly food runners.

The food and drinks lived up to my expectations and then some. I got a veggie torta filled with squash, mushrooms, corn and avocado. I couldn't taste much of the "white magic" (the lime aioli), but the pickled jalapenos on the side really punched up the flavor. The telera bread was sweet which paired well with the spice and smokiness of the veggies. My husband said his carne asada burrito was ok. I loved the red salsa that came on the side. The complimentary chips are excellent, crispy and substantial. They come with a green salsa that's pretty good and is different than the typical tomatillo-based salsa verde.

I really wanted to try a dessert (and salad, street corn, guacamole, etc), but the torta and two excellent cocktails left no room. I got the almond horchata with frangelico and the Mazatlan Mule. The horchata was basically dessert and went down very easy like the other cocktails. My husband got a blood orange margarita made with the standard Sauza tequila, and it was much better than any margarita I've had in a long time. Like their sister restaurant Windsor, I don't think you can go wrong with the cocktail menu.