Came here on a Tuesday night around 6pm with my 6 month old and a friend. Since its "taco Tuesday", we knew it'd be somewhat busy and expected to wait, both of us have been here a few times before. We were quoted 45 minutes and were sat at just about that time, which wasn't the problem. First problem: the hostess tells us she can't put a high chair where they're about to sit us (which blew my mind because it looked like the PERFECT table for a high chair) -not in any pathways or against firecodes I don't think. I questioned her and she said she'd check with her manager and continued to apologize to me since she didn't know there was another person? She returns to tell us they told her it was fine if she put a high chair there, she was misinformed and was told not to put chairs there (umm ok... What's the difference?)... Anyways, they were slammed and our server was great, no problem at all there. The appetizer we got was pretty good, but my 6 month old was losing it because it was so insanely loud in there, it was like dub step club music. He isn't sensitive to noise, but this was absurdly loud. I also work at a pretty loud restaurant and I understand that atmosphere and table flipping is super important. I like an upbeat place, I'm young, but by no means was the volume tolerable for me, my friend, or my child. Now let me remind you, this was a Tuesday night at 6pm... NOT a Saturday late night. There should be no reason that I felt uncomfortable bringing my child to dinner with me. My friend went to ask the hostess if we could move to the outside table since the baby was so upset and there were about 3 open tables. She told us that there were people waiting for those tables and we'd have to wait another 35 minutes..... "Wait what?" I thought....our food was 5 minutes from being dropped to our table and we'd finish in probably 10. I looked out at the waiting area and neither of the hostesses were seating anyone... So since they couldn't help us, we asked if they'd box our food to go. While we waited about 10 minutes for them to box the food and drop the check, the tables outside were still empty and the hostesses were just texting on their phones. I'm sorry, but this made me feel so incredibly uncomfortable. It's as if we were a nuisance to them. Long story short, we took our food across the street and ate in front of Churn, until we wallowed our sorrows in a beautiful ice cream cone after. Upward Projects, get this under wrap... I love all your restaurants!