This is a real cool place to take a pit stop.  This is the old Aiellos Italian restaurant (a place I really liked) and I have to tell you they did a fantastic job of converting it.  Top notch, complete with co-ed bathrooms.

The happy hour is very appealing as well, and I would say this is a great place to stop in and have lunch (or what the heck, start your friday night).  Chips and salsa were very tasty, and the guacamole dip (with sliced jalapeños - brilliant)!

Good five dollar pitcher specials (sorry, I am never one of those helpful people that can quote you what the time frames are) but I think 11-5).  But worth looking into.

Couple things I will say on the negative side (yeah I know, wish ever review could be positive and amazing), the cheese-mas dip (basically cheese queso) was okay, but NWTC (not worth the calories in my opinion).  

Tacos - if you love tacos and are really a connessieur, you might not love these.  The crunchy fish taco was okay, but really just like eating a fish-stick on a tortilla if you know what i mean.  Good, but not a huge fan.  The other tacos (carnitas, chicken tinga, and baja fish) were so-so, didn't seem to be served very warm and for me, just lackluster taste overall.

Alcohol - I tried the "hi-ball margarita" (supposedly their version of the cadillac as I was informed) in my opinion is (how can I say this nicely) not the greatest value.  Try one and see if you agree.  I think they need to up their game in this area.

So at the end of the day, I love the location, love what they have done with the place, great vibe, staff is friendly and very energetic, MUSIC ROCKS (possibly best in town, loud but I like it that way) and so I find myself a big fan, but looking for a go-to meal that I can call my own.  Yes, I will be back hunting for that in round 2 and open to any great suggestions.

And by the way guys, you need to sell some cool t-shirts (love bright colors, great to promote your brand), and give discounts to bike riders.  We like to ride our bikes with friends!!

Have fun, and find your sizzle!

Attorney Steve, the business and real estate lawyer.
http://www.attorneysteve.net