I should start by saying that I'm a native Arizona girl born and raised on authentic mexican food. Epic joints like El Ray, Casa Reynoso, and La Casita are my favs...Globe/Miami kind of mexican food. So, in comparison to what I'm used to I had to give Joyride 3 stars. 

The parking in downtown Gilbert sucks and that's where Joyride is located...parking is a real negative. The decor is bright and awesome! Very hipster type decor. I loved the Star Wars art and the really cool chairs. The seating is indoor/outdoor so there was an issue with flies at our table. This definitely took away from the experience. My son was grossed out for sure.

The customer services was great, really nice people and prompt service. Without asking the waitress brought out water for my toddler with a lid so that was nice. 

Chips and salsa are served free as an app, it's okay I guess, kind of a smokey/Chipotle type salsa flavor...not really my style. I ordered some tacos, they were okay, more upscale American infused, fancy pants style. My husband has a more refined palate and he enjoyed his dish. He got the The Beast burrito. It had a smokey fresh grilled flavor, pretty good if you're into that. The execution of the dish was stellar, you can tell they have some pros in the kitchen. The guacamole seems to be fresh and it's good. The jalapeños on top are a perfect heat, not too hot. The plating of the dishes was very nice and professional. 

Bottom line: if you enjoy eating more of an upscale American style Mexican food, this is a place for you. If you have a simple palate, like mine, and were raised on authentic mexican food, you may be disappointed. Service is great, environment is neat, colorful, hipster. I didn't have a drink, but the bar looks cool. It would be a nice place to kick back a few with some girlfriends on a Friday night. If you want to check it out I would go early. We went here before dinner rush with no waiting. I had a friend who tried to stop in and there was over and hour wait.