Hearing that Braddah's was featured on Groupon, I quickly took the opportunity to snatch that deal. As a Hawaiian who's super passionate about food, it's didn't take long to hear about this place. My impression was that this was a Hawaiian joint taking a Mexican fusion approach. I wanted to visit this place to see how accurate that was. 

Rolling up to Braddah's, I thought it was super cute! Yellow awning type roof, outside seating with bright yellow umbrellas. I knew the inside wouldn't disappoint as well. The color scheme is green and yellow, a very common combo from my hometown on the Big Island. My past schools had the same color scheme and a lot of housing tend to represent the same combo. The walls were beautifully adorned with Hawaii prints, maps and other artwork. Hawaiian music played over the speakers bringing a laid back vibe to the restaurant. The staff was pretty young, but full of the Aloha spirit. Kenny, a long time employee is someone I met through the Hawaiian community here in Vegas and seems to really embody the Hawaiian mentality. It made me feel like I was visiting a place back home in Hawaii! 

The food choice was really creative! I felt like I was visiting the Hawaiian version of Chipotle or Cafe Rio! For step 1, you basically choose a burrito, bowl, salad or 3 tacos and take it from there. On this visit, I chose the bowl, topped with step 2, kalua pig for $6.95 and doubled with huli huli chicken for an extra $2.00. Step 3, I chose seaweed rice (brown rice with nori) and black beans, step 4 I went with the mango and corn salsa, as well as the guacamole for an extra $1.65. My last step, step 5, I chose toppings like cabbage, cilantro and a'a lava chips. As you can see, you're literally building a plate from the ground up. Lots to choose from and the food was awesome. The kalua pig was super smokey and really juicy! The chicken was flavored well and really tender. All toppings and elements brought that Latin flare and a refreshing component. The cabbage and chips helped to represent a crunchy texture. Truly a great dish! For dessert I had to get the small coconut bark for $3.95. It was 1/4 of a pound goodness! Chocolate, caramel, cookie and coconut layered to make a sweet delight. Great way to end this wonderful meal! 

Seeing the great deals they offer on Groupon AND Yelp, makes me wonder. Usually Groupon deals to me, means the place is trying to attract more customers. The food they offer, in my opinion, does not need all that hype. When you serve great food at affordable prices, people will just come. This place serves pretty amazing food if I say so myself :-) I live on the opposite side of the valley and after trying this place out, I'm definitely coming back again soon, no matter the distance. It was delicious! So excited they're going to be opening up a Maryland location!!!