So I happen to be in the area getting work done on my daughter's car.  I decided to get something fun for dinner and pulled up Yelp on my phone.  Checked my bookmarks for something unique near me.  I saw Braddah's was only .5 miles away - sweet been wanting to try this place for some time.  
    We walked in and the manager could tell right away it was our first time.  He asked and we admitted yes we had never been to a Braddah's.  He let us taste the pork, beef and chicken along with the coconut bark.  They all tasted great now just had to figure out what we wanted.  Since all the meats tasted so good we got the 3 taco combo with the each of the meats on them.  Added guacamole to our 3 orders which was a very generous amount by the way. We also got the salad with chicken and a pound of that delicious coconut bark.  
   We were getting this to go as the wife was home waiting.  I did note the inside was really nice and kept clean.  It was near empty inside which was hard to believe.  The staff was excellent and ensured we got exactly what we wanted the way we wanted it.  The manger was really nice and even asked us what brought us in.  I of course said Yelp of which he was curious as to what on Yelp made us want to visit.  I explained that I look at reviews and pay much closer attention to reviews by my friends whom I know to be foodies and trust their opinions.  The daughter said pics are what she mostly looks for in deciding what to eat - millennials they are so funny.  
   The tacos were all very good.  The meat in each was week spiced, tender  and unique.  The taco shell was homemade and very delicious.  We had beans, rice, lettuce, pineapple verde and guacamole.  I devoured mine as if someone were going to steal them.  I must say they were the unique treat i wanted them to be.  The salad was on the small side and lettuce was very minimal.  It did have lots of the same goodies as the tacos but should have more lettuce.  I added some romaine and it was a much better balanced salad.  
   The coconut bark is as good as everyone says in their reviews.  I loved it and may have to hide a stash from my girls.  Their prices are very reasonable and when getting the tacos it is a great deal.  If your get the salad you will be left wondering - where is my lettuce.  Hopefully they remedy that soon.  I am looking forward to trying a burrito for my next visit which will be pretty soon.