Went to Braddah's for the 2nd time this week and can officially say I'm hooked already.   I was determined not to mention "Hawaiian Chipotle" for the fear of it being passé, but really it turns out it's the best way to describe it.   I actually think they should have just fully played up to this fact by incorporating Chipotle into the name of the restaurant or something.   Hau'olipotle!   ChipotLEI!    I'll be here all week.

On my first visit I had a gameplan to get an order of tacos so I could sample all the main meats (Chicken, Pig, Steak), and even though they awesomely asked if I wanted to try any/all of the meats prior to ordering, I stuck to the plan and ordered the tacos.  Like you've read from other reviews it's just like Chipotle/Zabas where you start with a taco/burrito/bowl/salad decision and then choose meats/accompaniments to go with it.  On top of the meats I tried the seaweed rice, the corn salsa, the tomato salsa, and some jalapenos.  They also have the standard items like cheese, sour cream, guac.    I had the choice of crunchy corn or soft flour tortillas and went crunchy corn.   Of the meats the pig stood out to me by far.   The steak and chicken both seemed to have a bit of sweet teriyaki flavor to it which I'm generally not a fan of.   They tasted fine for what they are, but the pig was so juicy and flavorful that I've been craving it since that day.   The seaweed rice didn't really taste much different than regular rice, but maybe that was because it was on tacos and there wasnt much of it.  Most all of the other fixins I got were standard, which is not a bad thing but it leaves for very little to write about.  Pro-tip: the jalapenos here are fresh and extremely spicy.   I've already witnessed them leave a coworker in literal tears.   Be warned.   

To close out the first visit I tried some of the much heralded coconut bark.   This was probably ill-advised with my lactose intolerance but to add credence to the review I felt it was necessary.   You're welcome.   It was as good as everyone says it is.   So much so that you know when you're in a situation with a few people sharing several pieces of something, and it gets to that last piece and there's the tug of war of "you have it" "no I insist!".   I ended the tug of war after one "no you can have it" uttered by my friend.   So delicious it made me a greedy jerk.   Highly recommended

The 2nd visit I went to an all pig burrito with most of the same fixins I got previously.  I didn't really feel like my burrito was made all that well to be honest, especially when I asked for all 3 salsas and got them separated into thirds on my burrito by the gentleman making it.   It was almost too funny for me to even correct.   Are there people in this world who eat burritos like that?   I wanted all of them melding together throughout but instead it was like a salsa taste test.   Also the burrito just seemed really short and stubby and I kinda felt they skimped a little on the meat, whereas my friend's burrito last time looked completely stuffed.   It was still incredibly delicious and I can't really expect every cog of the assembly line to be consistent this early in the stages.

I can easily see this being upgraded to 5 stars once it does.   In the meantime don't bother trying to trademark ChipotLEI as I've already got my lawyers on it.