Can I be totally and completely honest with you guys? Okay, well here is my confession... I think I am in total LOVE with Braddah's. Why you ask? Well good question I say.

I LOVE Braddah's because all their food is made fresh daily (and I do mean everything). You can customize your burrito, taco, and salad bowl the way you like it. Everyone is just so darn friendly that works there you want to stick around long after you consumed your meal. 

Minh and I arrived here on a late Thursday afternoon for some lunch. We were looking to stick to the healthy side of things. 

Walking in we were greeted immediately by not only the girl behind the counter but also by the owner Chris. We were asked if we have been to Braddah's before we both said no. The lovely cashier then explained to us their menu and gave us a sample of two of their popular meats (Huli Huli Chicken and Kalua Pig) wow the flavors were mouth watering making me want more! But how can I choose! So instead of ordering their "popular" meats I decided on trying their Pulehu Steak (which I think should be on their sample list too). Chris was so kind that he stopped what he was doing and came over to make my bowl (which I did not expect) 

I ordered a salad bowl: Pulehu Steak, Black Beans, Romaine Lettuce, Cheese, Lime, and Guacamole. There are also three kinds of homemade salsa to choice from since I did not know which one to choose Chris gave me a little of each in my bowl to try. (I loved all three of them)

We also ordered their Award Winning box of coconut bark to take home with us.

The dining room was super clean and every table was well stock with napkins. On each table, they have flowers, which is a nice touch and made my photo taking even better. 

I can't tell you enough times how amazing and flavorful my bowl was, I also can't tell you how happy Minh was with his food either! This is one of the best gem's Vegas has and I am a little jealous that we do not have a location out here in OC.
I was full, but not that overly full feeling that you usually have after eating umm let's say cough chipotle cough. I even had enough room to break open that box of sweet coconut bark.

Oh tasty sticky gooey slice of heaven where have you been all my life? Minh and I both had a slice and then decided to save the rest for later that night! 

Mahalo Chris and Braddah's for making us feel like your ohana! We look forward to spreading the word of your wonderful restaurant to others and cannot wait to come back soon!