Yea!  I finally tried Braddah's Island Style.  And I so wish I could like it as much as four stars but I'm not sure that I do.  I'm really on the fence with this one.  Lets start with the positives.  Upon entering I was offered a nice Hawaiian style welcoming into the restaurant.  Mahalo to them for that.  I was asked if it was my first visit and I said yes.  With that I was offered a sample of the kalua pig and huli huli chicken.  Both were very good though I don't always care for pork.  This was on the oily side but still had a great initial flavor.  It is the porky after taste I don't care for.  The chicken on the other hand was a stand out with a sort of sweet and salty taste with a hint of grill char.  So I selected the huli huli chicken to fill my burrito.  When I ordered a burrito I was disappointed to see a generic Mission brand flour tortilla pulled out of the bag.  I mean seriously $7 for a burrito in an 8 inch tortilla?  It turns out they ran out of their usual jumbo tortillas.  So alright, I'll let this one slide.  Next came a very carefully measured spoon of seaweed rice (awesome flavor BTW) and an equally measured spoon of chicken.  It was a new guy making my order and he was being very cautious to the point of me feeling like I was getting ripped off.  But with the addition of the black beans, two kinds of salsa (roasted pine apple and corn varieties) and some shredded cheese I realized just how much was packed into this little tortilla.  There was so much in fact that it could not be fully rolled.  One of the burrito veterans came over for the assist and rolled an extra tortilla around the first and got a nice tightly tucked buritto.  When I reached the register I ordered a can of Hawaiian green tea and was asked if I wanted coconut bark.  I declined the bark as I don't even know what it is.  Not that it matters.  I am not a coconut fan any how.  So I paid and found a table in the corner and took my first bite of an Island Style burrito and honeslty I was not blown away.  Beneath the rice, beans and salsa the flavor of the chicken was lost.  I'm not saying it was a bad burrito but all together it lacked something.  The salsa could have been hotter.  I realize that I got the mild and medium salsas but there just wasn't much to them.  Mostly what I could taste in the burrito was the seaweed rice.  I do love the taste of seaweed so that was nice but overall it was nothing special.  My other issue is the limited menu.  They specialize in burritos, tacos, salads and bowls.  They also seem to have chips and guacamole.  What I really wish they had is musubi but I guess that doesn't quite fit their business model.  I think I will give them another try some time.  Perhaps I'll try another protien other than chicken.  It is my understanding they have steak and fish too though neither were offered as a sample.  I would like to give the steak a try though.  Perhaps I will appreciate the steak more than the chicken and bump up Braddah's to the four stars I know I want to give them.