Short: Bring a half off or 2 for 1 coupon. Questionable prices, but good food and decent service.

Long: I want to really like this place, but it's not doing itself any favors.
I came here since I've been seeing its coupons on several sites, and yelp had a $5 for $10 coupon up, so I snagged it and came here.
I arrived a bit early, and they were still setting up. In the meantime, they offered me a sample of their meat and I took it up. I haven't had this type of service for a long time. Then they took my order. I got 3 soft tacos with rice and beans, and a drink. 

On my tacos I got Hula Hula Chicken, Kalua Pig, and Palehu Steak. All were very good, but a few problems: 1) If you order a portion of your mean to be the Steak or Fish, you get charged as if your entire order was that--which is extra. 2) The Kalua Pork, while the best meat here, tastes like it's bathing in lard (which is good, kinda). It's just saturated with liquid fat, so do avoid if you're on a diet!
I only got salsa for topping, and I tried the three different--free--salsas they had. The pineapple and tomato/onion salsa were overpowering and I couldn't taste the meat with them in the tacos. The corn one was good. They would be great on anything else, just not with the meat. Leaves me questioning if I should have left them out.

My biggest complaint of food is with the sides. I had rice and beans with the side, and they were TERRIBLE. 
The beans were like straight out of a can. I don't know if they make their own black beans, but they taste like any black beans you can dump from a can.
The rice, while you can tell is made in-house, is the worse. It's some kind of white/wild rice with some of the shell still on it, with some "seaweed" spice. This would be great if it was boiled or steam loosely, if the rice wasn't made Japanese/sticky-rice style. By making it sticky, the rice turns to just globs of messy, weird rice. With Japanese sticky rice, this is great as the rice tastes clean, and "pure" (hard to explain). But with this, the rice tastes dirty and just unappetizing. 
AVOID these. Several other customers after me--more experienced--didn't touch them for this reason.

I do have to give mad props for having apple juice on the fountain drinks. That's something I've never seen before, and I love apple juice!
They do have two side sauces, which taste like concentrated artificial juice drinks with some hot sauce in them. While good, just doesn't sit right with me.

The service, was meh~. You're served from the counter--Subway style--which means the meat and all the sides are sitting out the entire time, pre-cooked and all. Then, the service ends about there. You get your own drinks, and leave your plates on the table. For the price I would have paid--if not for the coupon I had--this would have been pretty bad.

MY BIGGEST COMPLAINT: Price. I can't see spending $10.25 on what I got. Three OK tacos, terrible rice and beans, and a fountain drink, with little to no service, for $10. I just don't see it. I can dine out for that price, and get much better and more food elsewhere--just not "Hawaiian" style. With the $5 for $10 coupon I got from Yelp, it made it worth it, and I'm satisfied. I'm just moved enough to pay $10 for everything. 

Come here if you've got the groupons or Yelp coupon, or if you really want to try this place. Otherwise, I don't see the value in it.