Four of us dined at PT&T on a Friday evening. From the inside it has a steak-house vibe, and they had a lively bar scene as well. It  seemed fairly busy at 8:30pm which is always a good sign.

our server was a little on the odd side ...she would linger at the table hesitantly and overall seemed rather unexperienced. She came off quiet and meek one minute and then pushy and rude the next. I asked to try the verde salsa in addition to the red she provided for us, as I had heard great things about it. It was never brought to us ...so I thought I'd ask again nicely - as I figured maybe it just slipped her mind. This time we even had a brief back-and-forth about it but again she never brought us the salsa ! She instead kind of rudely pushed aside my request and prompted us to order. The third time another person at the table asked for the salsa and again she failed to bring it to us. We gave up after the third try. 

In addition to the verde-salsa that never was, at the end of our meal I noticed a charge for my  soda-water beverage.  I thought it was a little odd because I order this out regularly and it is usually comped because it costs the restaurant next-to-nothing. The receipt also said my drink was a club soda which is not what I ordered. I nicely brought it to the servers attention and she jumped down my throat and said I drank club soda . I assured her I ordered soda-water , and after some unncessary prompting she finally agreed to take it off the bill. 

The service was just so weird ..and awful (1 star), but the food itself was pretty good. I enjoyed the Guacamole, the milenesa, and shrimp tacos. The shrimp are a little smaller than the ones I normally order at Cabo but they had good flavor. I found the citrus slaw to be super delicious/refreshing though the refried beans were salty.

The cost for two tacos & table-side Guac  was a little over $20, in line with South Park prices. Overall I would return and give it another shot, but I would run the other way if I saw our server.