I really like this place. It's a Mexican restaurant for Americans. What I mean by that is the food is not too complicated, yet completely delicious and a great place to go when you're looking to fill a "chips and salsa" void. I've been here at least five times and I haven't yet been disappointed. 

It's a great place for a group of young people looking to have a good time and drink margaritas ... as well as a great place for a family with small children. It accommodates just about anyone ... young or old. And that's why I like it. 

Before I dined at Paco's Tacos I thought it was a "dive type place" with cheap Mexican food. The name kind of led me to think that. 

Well, once I finally went to Paco's I discovered it's just the opposite. It's not a little "Mom and Pop" place, nor is it a dive restaurant. Paco's is not super cheap but also not crazy expensive. It's a little more upscale than the majority of Mexican restaurants in the Charlotte area. With that said, if you're looking for fancy, there are a few nicer upscale "Spanish influenced/Mexican restaurants" in the Charlotte area.

Anyway, as far as Paco's Tacos goes this place is yummy. They give you chips and salsa like all Mexican restaurants and are great with refilling both as needed. There salsa is chunky and slightly spicy and really gets your taste buds going. 

The past few times I've been there I've ordered the Taco's. You can get two or three it's up to you and the options are endless. 


They give you the choice of house made flour tortillas, house made wheat tortillas, low carb tortillas, crispy yellow tacos or soft corn tortillas. "I like the crispy tacos". Normally when I'm going to Paco's I'm craving Americanized Mexican food and this place is perfect for that. When I'm craving more complicated Spanish influenced food I go somewhere else ... but that's another review.

Your taco meal is served with red rice and citrus chipotle slaw and your choice of charro, black or refried beans. I really like both the black and refried beans.

I normally get two tacos but my three favorite to choose from are the:

GRINGO BEEF Taco
Seasoned ground beef, lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole and mixed cheeses. "Very all American"

PACO'S TACO - a slightly spicy Beef Brisket Taco. Before you get it the chili rubbed beef brisket is slow roasted for 6 hours with caramelized onions
and chipotle bbq sauce. YUM!

or the:

WOOD GRILLED CHICKEN
Onions and bell peppers, lettuce, pico de gallo, guacamole and mixed cheeses "This one just tastes fresh and delicious" 

I've had a ton of other things at Paco's but I keep coming back to these three taco choices. They're just YUMMY!

If you're looking for a drink and aren't sure what to get their margaritas are perfect. I'm pretty simple when it comes to drinks so I go with a traditional margarita on the rocks with salt. Try it you won't be sorry. 

If you're looking for a starter while waiting for your entree go with this one: 

UNHOLY GUACAMOLE 9
Yum ... and the best part is it's made fresh at your table. 

Honestly you can't go wrong if you stick with the Mexican staples. The food won't disappoint and the ambiance is great for just about anyone. 

Enjoy!