My husband and I just moved to Charlotte from Ohio and we have been on the hunt for a good mexican place. Needless to say we are still on the hunt. You would think the closer you get to Mexico the better the food, but that is not the case. 
When we got to the place, there was a long line so we thought we were going to have to wait but we got right in. There was a live band playing music which was very nice and set the mood. The service was very prompt and polite.
 The chips were just standard chips but the salsa was what I called onion soup with no flavor or heat, and they also served us with what looked like coleslaw. YUCK! I have been noticing that all the mexican places we go to have very soupy and or watery salsa which makes me very sad. My husband and I just got back from Cozumel and it was the most flavorful and thickest salsa you could ever have! 
I ordered small combination number one (Hard taco and enchilada) and it was inedible! The taco shell was soggy, I had the server bring me a new shell but that didn't help. The beef in both the taco and the enchilada was a low grade beef like taco bell but with no seasoning (Must be the lack of dairy farms in the area). The enchilada tasted like a soggy diaper! I couldn't bring myself to even eat it. The rice was dry and tasteless and both the beans and the enchilada came with some sort of yellow cheese on top... that tasted awful. The beans were also watery underneath all the yellow cheese. 
My husband got the chicken fajitas and we shared it. He seems to like all the food but he was a little tipsy from the very strong margarita. I thought the fajitas were just okay, the onion in them tasted like a sweet onion which i do not fancy. I ended up asking for more salsa because I was still hungry! 
However at the end they brought some sort or sweet tortilla dessert. I thought that was a nice added touch but not enough to make me want to ever go back. 
We paid 33.00 for 2 people and one margarita, so it was pricey.
Either way the hunt is still on for a good mexican place in the Carolina's.