Being that it was my first time here I, like most people was hit with confused stick! If you happen to go when it's packed and there are a hundred people standing around in a crowd in front of all the lines you might not know what to do. But when there's no one, it's kind of easy to make sense of it all. 

Ok here's how it works so there are 3 main lines but basically it's like one big line where you get to choose from a list of different meats in different style in each like. You let the guys know how much of what you want and how you want it. For instance the 1st line served up Alpastor right off of the spinner in a taco, tostada or vampiro style. The 2nd line has your more unique choices like chicharron chili or tripas (my favorite) and the 3rd line us your Asada, carnitas etc. and the main 4th line has everything you want to order, burritos, Asada fries, nachos quesadilla, Elote and more. 

They also have a full bar and on most days a live DJ spinning some top tunes or edm which makes for hanging out and eating great tacos fun and entertaining. There are 2 stories at this locations and a sweet open outdoor patio. The tacos are absolutely worth it. About $2.50 a taco the price can add up quick. Stick to the tacos. They are small and you can't go wrong with any choice of meat. I like the Vampiro style meaning(your choice of meat sandwich in between 2 fried tortilla with melted cheese and mango salsa) it's good but nothing beats the classic little soft corn tortilla with all the toppings. Just the way I like my street tacos with the cilantro, onions and whatever other goodness they top it with. 

I tried the Mole fries with regular not sweet potato fries and it wasn't my favorite I think it was the mole. Not bad just too sweet for me it was weird all around I think. They have this salsa bar with so much to choose from and plus they got cooked whole beans all for free. The chips were in house made chips for sure. They were crunchy, crispy salted and warm. The Elote was ok I lexpected a lot more flavor but it was just slightly sweeten and the mayo, cheese & chili didn't do much. But it was still pretty good. The tacos were all dreaming bomb dot com. Not crazy about the Alpastor Vampiro I got but the meat itself was juicy and fatty and full of flavor. 

Such good tacos such cool atmosphere and now that I know how to order I can't wait to come back.