On food only, my husband and I would definitely rate this a 5.  Taking the look and feel into account may lower it to a 4.  It's definitely a casual restaurant and based on those expectations, nothing is out of place.

We have gone to this restaurant repeatedly, taking both sets of parents with when they have been in town.  Both of us are very open minded about food.  One parent is very health conscious, another a total foodie, another doesn't normally like Mexican, and the last is very picky.  All six of us love(d) it.

We've always had very prompt and friendly service (which I would expect since we often get the same guy) and other servers have stopped to get a refill of drink or chips if they passed by.

We often start with the calamari which is delicious.  It's lightly breaded but crunchy and the sauce is well balanced.  Our only "complaint" is we never seem to have the right amount of shrimp to divide evenly so a little tug-of-war ensues over the last one.  (Oh yes, some shrimp come out with the usual.)  We've also had soup on occasion which has never disappointed.

Over the times we've gone, we have maybe repeated one or two dishes.  We now just need to venture a bit more into the "traditional" chicken and steak fajitas, etc...

My husband has had the steak prepared Argentine (?) style and loved it.  He was also amazed that it made two full meals for him.  (He is normally a big eater.)  Between the two of us we've had almost every seafood item on the menu and never had a bad or even okay meal.

This is the restaurant we often go to for small celebrations as it is affordable with great quality and quantity of food.

To re-iterate about the feel of the restaurant, it's never been dirty or unkempt; it's just a casual place.  I'd much rather sit there and eat great food than sit in an elegant, overpriced restaurant and feel disappointed that the food didn't measure up.  There is always a wide variety of people there, which is expected in Madison but I think speaks to how comfortable the place is.  There have been business people, large families, couples, groups of college students, senior citizens, etc...  A few times there have been those who need special help, whether a baby with a high chair or booster, a person with a walker or wheelchair, or someone obviously suffering from mental illness.  All have been helped quickly with accommodations given and great care and compassion.

We recommend this restaurant to others including business clients who come to town and none have been disappointed.  In fact, we're heading there tomorrow with my parents and grandma for Mother's Day.