My family and I looked up good restaurants in Wickenburg and due to the high reviews on various sites we decided to give El Ranchero a try, I am glad we did. Just prior to arriving at the restaurant we were stranded on the side of the road 20 miles outside of wickenburg after we ran out of gas. It was hot and awful with our three young kids, after 2.5 hours we were finally rescued and we stopped to eat at El Ranchero after this awful experience. We briefly mentioned it to our waitress when she asked us how we were and she was kind and sympathetic to our awful experience. She was incredibly friendly and caring, we appreciated that. We asked her what she recommended and she listed off a bunch of options that sounded amazing. I settled on the three enchiladas (Beef, cheese and chicken), and my husband ordered the Chile Rellano. The chips and salsa was incredible! Our meals arrived amazingly quick and both of our meals were incredible! My favorite enchilada was the beef, it was tender, flavorful, good quality meat, and a delicious red sauce. My husband went on and on about how this was the best Chile Rellano he had ever eaten. Our kids enjoyed their bean burritos :) The prices were affordable, the food was good quality, delicious and large portions. 

We were in a hurry to get back to our home in Phoenix so I went to find our waitress to pay for the meal. I was told by another waitress that someone had taken care of our meal. I insisted that I wanted to pay and they denied. There were not many people at the restaurant at the late hour, so it seemed unlikely to be a random person, so I asked if the lady I was speaking with had paid for it, she said no, I asked if it was our waitress and she said with a smile "If she did it would be okay because she is the owner". I was floored at the kindness after such a rough experience just prior to coming. We spoke with our waitress who also is the owner and she was so kind and genuine and insisted that we not pay for our meals, she hoped our night got better and hoped to see us again. I am amazed at her kindness and so grateful for her generosity and genuine care for our family. We will absolutely be back. Thank you El Rachero. We are so grateful for your kindness to our little family!