Chicken tinga burros and grilled zucchini, oh my!

So I've been here a few times and figured it was about time to give it a review.  It's easy to pass by this as it's squeezed in between a closed down car repair shop and a Mexican party shop, complete with pinatas hanging outside.  The only giveaway is the fact that however nice your ride is, there's at least two other vehicles here way classier parked beside you.  You open a large wooden door to a cacaphony of fantastic smells, dizzied by this olfactory blast and pupils adjusting to the darkened lighting, and stumble to find an open table to sit down at.  The furniture is all heavy wood an iron, a signifier of the quality of the place, but the placing is not the best, leading to endless bumping and apologies, the only thing that could be considered a bad point to this place.

If you love salsa, this place hosts a bar with at least ten different types of salsa including ones made from ground pecans, which became addicting after the initial shock of eating salsa made from nuts.  It's hard to find for those coming with quite an appetite I recommend the Santos Plate.  It's a choice of one taco, one burrito and a generous helping of grilled zucchini.  

I tend to slather anything I get in salsa to raise the spice level, the chicken tinga in a burrito does not require it at all, by the end of this huge burrito I was starting to feel sweat droplets forming but I couldn't pull away from how delicious it was.  The taco choice recommendation is the pork shoulder cooked in banana leaves, the flavor was amazing and the red vinegared topping added just the perfect amount of sweet and sour.  I'm not a big fan of chocolate but if you are, the mole taco will definitely hit those key notes with you as well.

I've never personally ordered the horchata but one of my co-workers did.  It only comes in one size, LARGE.  Be very thirsty and take your insulin beforehand.  Thirty-two ounces awaits of what was originally horchata, now spiced with cinnamon and nutmeg, ground pecans and strawberry.  Definitely not your average rice drink.

Overall you can't go wrong here, everything is made fresh, hot and delicious.  This place has become a monthly ritual spot, it should be for you as well.