It didn't even take longer than 3 minutes into our meal before everyone was thanking me for recommending Cafe Carumba as our lunch venue on Friday. How could I recommend anything else though? It was close to the office, I hadn't been there before, and well, they serve breakfast til 2pm EVERY DAY. There was absolutely nothing disappointing about this experience. 

A large group of us gathered there on Friday and when I arrived we had received a room in the back all to ourselves with a long table. It was absolutely perfect. Our server was a true gem. We had waters on our table when we arrived and he put up with our wishy washyness when it came to our orders. I started off with a mimosa that, despite being pulpy, which I typically don't care for, was absolutely enchanting. It came in a wine glass instead of a champagne glass. More is better :)

As it came time to order I couldn't move past the breakfast menu and thought I had settled on the perfect treat. Then I was told by the server there was an underground breakfast menu that included five different types of eggs benedict. Yes you heard me correctly. I did say five. There was the traditional one, one with avocado, one with portabello, one with crab cakes instead of an english muffin, which a coworker got, and the steak one that I decided to try. 

When our food first started to arrive we were told it was being brought out as its done so it stays hot. We began to worry that we would be eating without everyone but that worry lasted maybe 45 seconds as instantly the rest of the food was brought out. Silence followed for at least the first 10 minutes aside from messages of thanks and grunts of happiness.

The potatoes are as heavenly as everyone says.. you need to have them. I also recommend the eggs benedict with steak instead of canadian bacon. I typically down my breakfast (ask anyone) but I couldn't finish my last eggs benedict. I did manage to have two mimosas though. Yum.

At the end of the meal, the sever brought me out a foil rose which I've attached and still have. Why can't all men be as sweet?

In the end the food is phenomenal, the mimosas are exquisite and larger than the ones elsewhere, service is prompt and extremely friendly. I will be back again.