We atually avoided this place for a while, because the concept of Chinese/Mexican fusion seemed so alien to us! However, we were passing by and happened to see a bunch of dim sum steamers through the window and that totally changed our minds! We are suckers for Dim Sum. 

The restaurant is a unique fusion of Chinese and Mexican cuisine and it does it right! The set up of the restaurant is unusual with bench "comunal table" type seating or bar style. The first thing we noticed was the very high prices, especially for Dim Sum!!! We come from LA and the OC, where Dim Sum is plentiful and cheap. The Dim Sum menu here is pretty small, and many things are $13 a plate! that seemed crazy, but we thought it might be worth trying just once. And it was- we were not disappointed!
We ordered:
-Golden Pigs (pork buns) which comes with in-house condensed milk for dipping. These are petite char sui bao that have been deep fried. It was very pricey but it comes with so much flavor and many layers of textures; from the crunchy outer layer to the soft insides to the sweet and salty porky center, all dipped in th sweet and creamy condensed milk sauce. It was a very fresh look at a classic dim sum dish.
-Chicken Shumai. These were very small but very tasty and moist and full of flavor and topped with a goji berry. 

After two dim sum dishes we decided to share an entre from the Mexican side of the menu: Shrimp with a pepper sauce. These were very tender and a bit spicy but good altogether. 

The best part of it all, Dessert! Mango with Sweet Rice....The best we both have had anywhere!! It had a ton of flavor in every single bite. This restaurant is probably getting that 5th star just because of this amazing dessert. It is like nothing you have ever had, I promise. First, the rice is cooked in coconut milk and reduced to a near liquid, and is then whipped into a light and airy mousse like texture. At the center is a mound of icy, sweet, mango granitas and the whole thing is topped with cramalized rice crispies and chunks of mango.

The service was also very personalized. The wait staff and even the bar tender chimed in with their favorites when it was obvious we couldn't make up our minds. 

I'm not going to lie. The portions, at least of what we had, are somewhat small, and the price is high, but I think the quality and ingenuity of the fusion menu make this an experience not to be missed.