I don't get all the bad reviews.

I popped in for dinner last night. Saturday. 7pmish. Yes, it was busy, and the wait was about 90 mins or so.

Our party went over to the bar and promptly sat down. This is where things could have become a bit of an issue. It was a bit of a clusterfuck in there. No servers, one bartender. We had no idea what we were supposed to do.

Wait at the table? Go to the bar and place an order?

Eventually, we were able to order our food and drinks. We summoned someone to come over and the service ended up being great from there. 

We received our drinks and appetizer in a flash. We ordered the crab dip. It was tasty, but a little bland. Perhaps it needed salt....but it definitely needed a kick. Make sure to ask for a few hot sauces (cholula at a minimum). Also be sure to ask for chips and salsa. It seems like this is by request only.

The crab dip came with just six chips. Kind of sad. Oh well.

Like I said though....the speed of service and general attitude whenever we needed refills and whatnot was good. This made up for the potentially disastrous start to the evening.

We were eventually seated at our table in the patio. Oh yeah. Don't ever come to this place and sit inside. It's a waste. Trust me....I am usually the kind of guy that prefers sitting inside.

The patio is dimly lit, is very romantical. Perfect for a date....if you are brave enough to take a date to a mexican place.

Service was no issue from here on out. So if you read all the other reviews and see notes on bad service....you heard it from me. Mr. Elite Yelper. The service was great.

While the server took our order, she brought out red pepper tortillas with garlic butter. Nom.

I ordered the Carne De Fuego. Tender pieces of steak in a honey chipotle sauce, with peppers, onions. Garnished with a green chile pepper that was stuffed with a mashed sweet potato.

The food was VERY good. Everyone seemed to really enjoy their meal. I heard no complaints.

Also, our server was pretty friendly. Made good conversation and even took our photo at the end of it all. 

A great night, with great food, but most importantly....great company. 

Bring your friends. Bring your lady. Bring your man. Bring someone. It's worth sharing.