This is real authentic Mexican street food that you may eat while visiting the areas around Mexico City while on vacation. Same Tasty Menu and Friendly Owner from the Restaurant that he had at Mckellips and Miller in Scottsdale before he relocated. The menu is full of several family recipes that he has gathered from back home. Always fresh and flavorful. He has been in the Best of PHX issues a few times in the past for his Quesadillas. Just do a quick search at New Times for Huauchinango and they pop right up.

This is a Mom and Pop hole in the wall place. It is in a strip mall that looks a little tired if I can say so. Inside is nice, clean and casual with a kicked back sort of feel. The game of Soccer is a favorite there and you will notice a cool mural painted on one of the wall of a giant soccer stadium as well as a beautiful display of trophies from some of the teams they play in or support. There may be even a game playing on the TV from Mexico.

Everything is made from scratch. No mole from a jar. Being a foodie myself I have talked recipes (some top secret) and types of chili pepper used as well as techniques with him and I am amazed at what is involved to produce an authentic product. This is no Filibertos so do not expect that style of fast food.

I have tried just about everything on the menu including the BBQ lamb they sell on the weekends that is slow cooked in a special covered pit just like they do in his hometown. You can pick from several types of meats or styles. Chicken Tinga, Chicken with Chiltepin, Carne Asada, Marinated Pork, Carnitas, Chorizo, etc. Some of my favorites are the assortment of Tacos, Burritos, Tortas, and Tamales (I get him to deep fry mine). They have the BEST Habanero sauce in town. Other great dishes are the Enchiladas, Quesadillas and the really authentic dishes like the Huaraches, Tlacoyos, and Mole Poblano. Some even come with tender cactus sliced up and added to it.

Easy to drive right passed. No main signage on the corner but only on the building. Small language barrier when asking specific questions about something you may not have tried before but well worth the effort. You will be pleased. Like my friend in Tucson Isabella J. says "Keep it local when you can". CASH ONLY. Enjoy!