I've been to Caldero's probably half a dozen times now, and I always walk away glad that I went in.  

The staff is always friendly and welcoming, particularly the male bartender/manager/owner (I'm not sure which one he is) who always remembers me and my boyfriend when we come in. 

The chips and salsa that they put on your table after you are seated also comes with a queso sauce that is to die for, and I really wish they would put it on the menu.  

The prices are fantastic for a sit-down restaurant, and the portions are more than adequate, and border on generous. 

You can order items a la carte, and while most restaurants charge through the nose to do so, Caldero's doesn't.  You can get a Carnitas burrito for $4.50, or a Carne Asada burrito for $5, both of which are literally only pennies more than you would pay at Filliberto's and the quality is much better.  They have a bunch of a la carte items, and all are more than reasonably priced. 

My favorite entree so far is the Chicken Empanadas plate.  It comes with two empanadas stuffed to the gills with white meat chicken, and whatever sides you choose. 

You get a choice of what your sides are, instead of just having rice & beans dumped on your plate.  I always request the lemon-cilantro rice and the charro beans, but there are many other options.  

I've had their carnitas, and their carne asada, and both are juicy, flavorful, and have just the right amount of spice. 

Their fried ice cream is to die for, so if you can, save room for dessert, or do what we did: just went in one night for dessert alone. 

The only thing I could think that people might need to know is that overall, the food here is a bit spicier than most restaurants like Garcia's or Macayo's might make,  The food heer just has a little more kick to it than you might be used to from other places.  I'm not a big "hot" food fan, but it still doesn't bother me.  You just may notice that your mouth is tingling a bit when you leave. 

All in all, I can't recommend this place more highly.  Great food, even better prices, a friendly staff...this place has everything, and it's my go-to spot now for mexican food, and I'm doubly lucky that it's close because I won't eat mexican frood from anywhere else now. 

I notice some people in other reviews saying it's expensive, but  unless you're ordering the rib-eyes, or the seafood plates, I don't see how anyone could consider this place pricey.  And, if you're going to order a rib-eye...what do you expect???  I go to steakhouses a lot, as well, and Caldero's steak prices were average.  

I came here one evening with the BF and a friend of ours.  My BF got the nachos (which is just a mountain of food in itself), I got the Chicken Empanadas, our friend got a carne asada burrito, there were 2 sodas and a beer, and including tip, we spent $35.   

Expensive? Not at all.