Hands down best food I've had in a long, long time. It's an Asain Mexican fusion inspired menu which features some amazing food. My best friend and I do dinner at least once a month and are always trying out new spots.  We have uniformly christened this as the official mac daddy. Here's why...

Ambiance is fantastic. When all the sliding glass doors are open the whole restaurant is patio like. With the A/C  running full blast you never feel the wretched AZ heat, yet it's like your dining al fresco. They even have a very large tree (albeit fake) inside the restaurant. Aside from at least 15 4-top tables (which I'm sure can be slid together to accommodate large parties) I saw inside, there are also few half booth half tables. Not to mention they have a large patio with booths, tables and high tops.

There's not only a sushi bar to sit at but also a "kitchen bar" which surrounds the open kitchen. Pretty cool. We sat a the bar ( which is rather large, and features 2 large projection television screens ) to take advantage of happy hour. Their bar stools cushioned seats with backs (plus!)

On to the food/drinks...

Their drink menu consists of 15 or so specialty cocktails. (All $2 off on happy hour) Some martinis, some frozen, some on the rocks. All have interesting ingredients that you wont find in many places. I tried the "Coconut" and the "Kumquat". Both were fantastic. They also have a lengthy sake menu. Aside from several specialty beers on draft they have "Patron" on draught. Ice cold tequila shots that aren't watered down? Yes please! They have a decent wine list as well. 

To eat we ordered several things to share. First round was the bacon wrapped dates and wild mushroom tacos. Both were stellar. The bacon wrapped around the dates was cooked to perfection. The chorizo and queso fresco filling was warm,creamy and paired perfectly with the sweetness of the dates. It was honestly one of the best dishes I've ever had. The tacos weren't close behind in flavor and will be ordered again. (FYI during happy hour you can 4 of ANY of their tacos and a 32oz beer for $14)

Second round was the braised pork belly, coconut mussels and the mango habenero salmon ceviche. The pork belly was demolished almost instantaneously because well it's pork belly and who doesn't like pork belly!? The mussels were served in a delicious coconut, lime and ginger broth. They were the biggest mussels I have ever seen and tasted very fresh. Melted in my mouth. I just wish they were served with something to sop up the glorious nectar the mussels were served in! The salmon ceviche was decent, I wish there was more of a kick to it. Just needed something but that's probably just me. The salmon itself was very fresh though I must say. 

For dessert we opted for the trio of creme brule. Kumquat, chocolate raspberry and green tea were being served that night. The green tea was my favorite. Perfect way to end a delicious meal. 

Finally, our bartender Katelyn was great. She helped guide us through the menu and recommended several of the items we ordered and she was spot on! We will be back to see her!