If you are a fan of amazing service, this is the place to go, m'friends! I liked them so much that even though I knew there was a Groupon available, I cast aside my usual Asian frugality tendencies and just paid for it as it was (this is a pretty big deal because that Asian frugality is pretty ingrained in me, and I'm also in a world of med school debt), because I know Groupon takes 50% of the proceeds, and in this case, I'd rather they get it.

The staff is super friendly, and made me feel right at home! I didn't catch the first guy's name, but my receipt says its Elijah! He asked if I'd been there before, and when I said I hadn't, glorious food sample hook ups galore! I sampled the pulehu steak and huli huli chicken, and liked em both, so I decided on a burrito bowl! (I can't eat pork, but that one smelled super good too!)

I stuffed my bowl with...seaweed (brown) rice, huli huli chicken, pulehu steak, shredded cabbage, charred pineapple verde, mango & roasted corn, romaine lettuce, and bean sprouts. There were 4 different sauces that all sounded awesome, so I asked what he'd recommend and he suggested the papaya buttermilk ranch and raspberry with agave and jalapeño, and gave me both. (They were amazing, and I'm usually not even a fan of papaya. :o ) My ginormous bowl had generous portions, and cost just a tad over $8.50.

They (I say "they" because I also met Josh, who was the other guy working there!) also have a rather awesome flier with all sorts of wonderful deals, so I used one of the coupons to get a free side of guacamole with Hawaiian pink salt. I'm of the belief that guac makes everything in life better, and this was no exception. The music they play puts me in a good mood too. :D!

They also hooked me up with free samples of the coconut bark (milk chocolate & coconut with caramel, toffee and graham cracker) and their limited edition holiday bark (peppermint & white chocolate with caramel, toffee and graham cracker)! I bought a small box of the coconut bark to share with my friends, and will be sending em' this way! 

If I'm ever back in Vegas, this is definitely where I'd opt to eat, and I strongly suggest that you do the same!