Ridiculous. Absolutely ridiculous, in the best possible way. I was in Phoenix to support a loved one when their father was passing away. Their father passed, it was our last night in a city, we were emotionally drained, completely unfamiliar with the city, and decided we were going to toast to the man we came to honor and have a good dinner. There was a review for the restaurant that said, as a local, he took out of towners and family there because it was the perfect representation of what Phoenix food was and how it should taste. 

With that, we ventured over to The Clarendon Hotel. If life ever takes me back to Phoenix I want to stay there; there being a mid-century modern, art covered reinvented boutique hotel in downtown Phoenix. I died a million deaths waiting to be seated, appreciating the perfectly stated atmosphere, not overdone or pretentious. It seemed as though one of the issues the older and more family oriented crowd had on Yelp was the ambience. My assessment was that there were a lot of late twenties - mid thirties patrons, some obvious out of towners of all ages, and two large dinner parties. The light is dimmer, the tiny bar is right next to the restaurant with a partial wall between us and the servers were dressed down and chill. I wouldn't not [gotta love those double negatives] take my children or an older couple there...it's not  Chuck E. Cheese's or Marie Calendar's...but it is also not a night club. Does that make sense? It's all good.

When we were seated I immediately ordered their prickly pear margarita a la the prickly pear cactus. We're definitely in the desert, Toto. I initially disliked their menu since it was pretty much a la cart and I wanted a meal. According to Yelp and the server [who was nice] I had to try the tacos. I'm not really a taco person; tacos tend to be small and unsatisfying, but I took everyone's advice. When in Rome, right? I ordered a side of guac, jasmine rice with hooooot tomatillo salsa & four tacos: cochinita/braised pork, carne asada, halibut, and shrimp. Our server insisted we order the tres leches cake even though the orange cake sounded better [she said it wasn't all that great]. Okay...the only way I could ever describe this experience is: DANGEROUS!! Everything melted in my mouth and all the flavor danced atop my taste buds. I ended up ordering another round to eat there and another round on top of that for our friend who stayed at the hotel because the idea of her not tasting what we had tasted seemed like sin. I really cannot say enough good things about the environment and food. Don't walk, RUN ;D