It was time for a one on one lunch with my favorite assistant!  I was super excited to try this place out.  It's literally a block away from my job and I've heard the place is awesome.  On top of that, the Commissary was offering a 50% discount for all Nevada locals in the month of January.  It was literally, a no brainer.  

The Commissary is located on the corner of 3rd and Stewart Ave.  This Latin Kitchen is part of the Grand hotels and one of the many new joints downtown.  Lots of seating, inside and out!  Walk up the stairs and you'll notice a very trendy vibe and decor.  White tiled pillars with decorated mirrors, exposed loft style ceilings.  Lots of different material textures:  Stainless steel, tiling, concrete floors, wooden cabinets.  Really modern and trendy!  There are different types of seating for different types of dining interests:  tables, plush booth seating, high top tables and even a bar for drinks and bar seating.  So awesome!  In this bistro type eatery, you literally order your food, they'll give you a buzzer and you'll approach the counter again once your buzzer goes off.  Speaking of food, here's what I got and thought!

They have Smart water, two sizes.  I got the small on for $2.49

I started off with the chips and salsa/guacamole appetizer for $4.00.  This is a GREAT deal.  It came in a big bowl, filled with tortilla chips and two ramekins filled with salsa and guac.  The guac was chunky and filled with chopped tomatoes and onions.  The salsa was AH-MAZE-ING!  It was super smokey, like they've added chipotle or ancho chili peppers. So awesome.  Little spicy but really made a wonderful difference!  For the price along, super worth it!

For my meal, I got the Caesar salad for $7 and added chilled chicken breast for an additional $4.  The Caesar salad along was romaine lettuce, parmesan cheese, torn homemade croutons and classic dressing.  The chicken breast was seasoned with kosher salt and pepper, perfectly seasoned, juicy and fresh!  The salad was a little salty.  Almost really fishy.  You could tell the dressing was homemade though.  The anchovy taste was super prominent, almost dominant at times.  The croutons were amazing though!  torn bread slices, toasted to resemble croutons.  It was crunchy, yet buttery and creamy!  Hard to explain but so good.  The parmesan cheese was shaved on to the salad.  One of the biggest fans of shaved cheese on salads, as opposed to shredded.  At the end of the day, I still felt the salad was delicious.  

My first experience was very good, overall.  Although it seems like a I got a lot of stuff, keep in mind that it's still 50% off on dining for the rest of January 2014.  Great promotion and because of my experience, I'm definitely going back soon!  Thanks so much for a wonderful lunch, guys!  If you downtown, you're in luck!  Check out this new joint :)