I decided to give this place a try since the reviews are so high...plus I was craving a breakfast burrito. I'm about to give a lot of information that you may think will contradict my rating but please, just bear with me.

 After finding the eatery, I parked and got our of my car. Oh boy, I was getting nervous. The place looked run down and dirty. There was debris in the parking lot; containers, pieces of trash and such. Behind the restaurant was another unidentified building. Maybe it's the owners home..? The outside of the eatery didn't look appealing at all but I thought, "Nope, Yelp says it's great. I can usually rely on my fellow Yelpers." Take a deep breath! As I walked inside, I purposely didn't look around. Instead I immediately looked at the menu chose my dish, ordered, and paid. I ordered a chorizo breakfast burrito with potato and cheese.

I ended up waiting about 10 minutes since there were a few orders ahead of mine. This, unfortunately, gave me time to look around. Old food stuck onto floors that looked like they hadn't been mopped in ages. There was some other dark smudges that I couldn't make out what it was...or had been. Large areas of paint peeling off the walls, bits of paper from straw sleeves laying around, clumps of dust and cob webs hanging around the air vents and upper corners of the building. There was a wooden bench that looks like a couple slates were missing from its seat. The place really needed to be thoroughly scrubbed.

While waiting I helped myself to two different kinds of salsa from the salsa bar. Finally my food was ready. I was surprised at how heavy the bag felt. I drove back to work and opened the yellow paper that contained my burrito. My god the thing was huge! It was like a small baby! Alright, so, the test! I took my fork and knife cut off a bite, put a little of the fresh red salsa on it and ate it. Wow, It was EXACTLY what I have been looking for in a breakfast burrito!!! The chorizo was spicy, the potatoes seasoned, the egg not dried out, the cheese gooey and melty, and the tortilla was the perfect texture. It had that, almost, transparent look to it, you know, the kind where you know it was handmade. Then I tried it with the green salsa verde! Omg!! So flavorful and delicious! I was in breakfast burrito heaven! However, the thing was so big that I could only eat half.

So! Now you understand my high rating despite my earlier comments.  This is a true "hole in the wall". Do I want to know what their kitchen looks like, HELL NO! But I will continue to go back because the food is THAT good. I'm so glad my Yelpers didn't let me down. ;)