Migo's was a great experience.  I thoroughly enjoyed not only my meal but my experience.

The ambiance inside Migo's was great.  Mexican style furniture with dark wood, fun tabletops and a great vibe.  Additionally, there are several large big screen TV's throughout the restaurant.

To start, we ordered the Migo Margarita.  This bad boy came out in a giant fishbowl.  Its contents included Patron, Grand Marnier, Triple Sec, sweet and sour, lime and orange juice.  Get one...you'll love it.

Now to the food.  Fantastic!  Our party ordered two appetizers - the fried jalapenos and the shrimp & avocado.  The fried jalapenos were served piping hot and the breading was more like a panko crumb crust which held up with each bite.  It was served with a ranch dressing which helped cool the spiciness of the pepper.  The shrimp & avocado was like a shrimp Louie salad but with a south of the border taste.  The avocado was ginormous and held the shrimp with dressing perfectly.  One word of caution, be careful not to eat the dried chilies that came on the same plate.

For our entrees, we had the fish tacos and the grilled shrimp plate.  Did I say shrimp, I mean PRAWNS.  These suckers were huge!  On the plate, I think I got 6-7 prawns and each one were as big as your hand.  They were grilled and had a great smoky taste.  It was served with a heaping pile of rice with two dipping sauces.  One was a spicy dressing and the other was a spicy chili paste like Siracha.

The fish tacos were delicious.  The plate came with three sea bass tacos with cabbage and fresca queso (it also came with a spicy dressing, but I got it on the side and used it to dip my tacos).  The fresca queso made the taco so unique from regular plain fish tacos.  The fish was grilled too, so you could really taste all the flavors.  It came with a bowl of beans which had a great taste too.

For dessert we each ordered two items - bunuelos and fried ice cream.  The bunuelos were crazy.  It was dinner plate sized fried dough piece with cinnamon and sugar, drizzled with chocolate sauce, served with bananas and whipped cream and underneath was a huge scoop of vanilla bean ice cream.  This dessert is big enough for a party of six, not two!!!!  We also got fried ice cream which has an awesome crust that doesn't come out of the kitchen already melted.  They must have a special recipe that makes the fried ice cream taste better than others...

To wrap up this review; you're going to love Migo's.   This is not your average run of the mill Mexican restaurant.  This is a unique, different - yet tasty experience.  You're not going to find a glutenous heap of sloppy tacos, burritos or enchiladas covered with a pound of cheese served with re-fried beans.  What you're going to find is a well crafted meal with spices and flavors of central Mexico with twists and turns of deliciousness.  I was very impressed.