Power yoga class today. 
What great way to detox your body and find all the muscles and balance points you rarely use (you'll find them the hard way, BTW, but that's another story).
As I was lying on the mat at the end of the class, listening to Max (our instructor/Chief Yogi), telling us to just be and to try to not think...try not to eat or drink for an hour after the session and just let our bodies detox, all I could think of was "what can I eat to retox as quickly as possible, that won't kill me where I stand?"
Not an easy question to ponder, even with the existential power of yoga still pulsating through every fiber of my being...a chili dog from Ted's or Long Wong's?; an Italian Beef  from Luke's; Chicken and waffles from Lolo's?
And then it hit me, almost causing me to stir from my yoga induced coma, Taco's de Juarez!!!!!
As anyone who has read even one of my reviews will tell you, I am a "Trendinista" of the first order. 
I follow the herd, make no mistake about it! 
Why?
Because, occasionally, the herd knows where it's going...and this is one of those very special occasions!
I had spotted this place before...on my way by at high speed, to get to Welcome Diner for a burger.
But since I wasn't packing, I never, ever stopped rolling, let alone got out of my car here. 
Yelp changed all that. This place has some terrific reviews, in spite of the fact that there isn't a Betos or Bertos in sight. 
Worth a try, right?
Taco's of Juarez is a delightfully dirty little gem...the proverbial diamond in a goat's ass. 
I sat down and the sweet little non-english speaking waitress brought chips and salsa...The Two Grinders (Los Dos Molino's) need to take salsa lessons from these folks...some of the best salsa I have had (the salsa verde is definitely the best I've had in the US...makes me long for couple of places along the beach in Bahia de Navidad).
In an effort to retox as quickly as possible, I ordered the number 16 lunch especial...a shredded beef gordita ("gordita" means "meat wrapped in lard, then deep-fried" in Spanish) and a cerveza (ice, ice cold BTW).
Freakishly good...I know, it was almost pure lard that had been heated to point where it lost its molecular cohesion and liquefied...but it was damn tasty lard. I forked a little salsa chile and salsa verde onto the gordita (accompanied by refritos and rico) and dug in.
I awoke to shouts of "clear" as the feverish paramedics worked to restart my heart...just kidding! 
I am fine:) !!
So, go to the pawn shop and find yourself a nice little Sig Sauer 9mm pistol and holster, turn on the car alarm and go try Taco's of Juarez. Possibly the best Mexican food in town!
And now, another one on my list of favorite places to retox after I've detoxed!