Yummy, yummy, yummy I got bulgogi in my tummy!

This place is all aces!  Yeah, yeah it looks like a lil' hole in the wall...but the flavor's all good here!  No fancy decor or gimmicky tricks, just some delicious Korean and Mexican fusion eats!  Who knew it would work out so well?!

Brit and her Mom are super nice folks and great hosts.  Whenever we eat there we get treated with chips with house salsa and sometimes free guacamole too!  Good way to get the appetite going, cause it's a bit of a roller coaster.  Taking a trip to flavor town!

I always, always get a fusion burrito here...consider it one of Komex's signature items.  My fav is the fusion bulgogi  burrito ($4.99) loaded with everything.  Marinated beef, Mexican rice, green and brown onions, fresh pico, cilantro, lettuce, their Asian sauce, and kim chee!  Yes, I loves mine with kim chee!  Oh nom nom nom!  I can eat this bad boy up, lots of popping flavors...the sweet, the salty, the cool, the hot...it's all on point for me.  I love it even more with the house made pico mixed with the Korean hot sauce!  Spicy!  I really should only be eating half this burrito at a sitting, but I usually can't help myself and end up finishing the whole thing.  Hi, my name is Chris...and yes, I am an oinker.

Komex's fusion tacos ($1.29) are great as well.  You can choose from bulgogi (beef), dakgogi (chicken), or daejigogi (pork).  All are great in my opinion.  How do I know?  I tried each of them!  Three of these tacos with an ice cold Corona or San Miguel and you are set.  Good eats!

Komex also does Mexican food and Asian food as well, and they do it great.  Burritos, tacos, carne asada, enchiladas, taquitos, quesadillas, tortas, just about everything at your local carniceria.  And don't forget the Asian food!  Beef and Broccoli, chow fun (another one of my favs...so oily good!),  Mongolian Beef, orange chicken, kim chee fried rice, egg foo young, stir fry, so many choices!  They even do chicken wings, burgers, and sliders!  And can you believe it...nothing on the menu is over $8!  Fantastical!  Eatin' wealthy on the cheap!  That's what I'm talkin' about...Willis.

If you don't see something on the menu at Komex that's Asian or Mexican, just ask!  They will usually whip up something for you that will fit the bill.  Now that's customer service!  

The owners of Komex will keep you happy, keep you full, and keep you coming back for more.  The food there is great for the small amount of scratch you gotta give up.  Totally worth all those pennies you save up.  Take your taste buds over there soon, you will be pleasantly surprised!