The Original Rosa's Mexican Grille gets 5 STARS for Best Fish and Shrimp Tacos! Best Chicken Mole! Best Chimichanga! Best Tomatillo Salsa Verde! And Best Place to Take Your Out-Of-Towners!  

We have been going to Tia Rosa's with our family for what seems like over 15 or more years now, starting with their original Mesa Drive and University location as well as the second East McKellips and newly opened Gilbert restaurant at Higley and Warner.

I originally heard about Rosa's reading a New Time's Best of Phoenix review and first  we tried the "Plato de Chimichanga" with oven roasted and marinated for two days beef or pork.  All in all it got 5 STARS and has been my wife Karolien's favorite and staple for many years since.  This dish earns your loyalty and respect with it's tender taste!  Includes Spanish Rice and delicious smoked beans topped with sour cream, plenty of guacamole and cheese!  She also loves their Pineapple Avocado Salad and has order another Mango Salad in the past which she swears by!

"Why I keep coming back time and time again?"; Rosa's gets TOP HONORS FIVE STARS as the BEST TAQUERIA in the Valley of the Sun hands down for their Beef, Chicken, Pork, or what I always order fresh Fish and Shrimp soft tacos!

Their Baja Style Sauted Shrimp Tacos with pineapple salsa are what they say; "To Die For!" Juicy and tender I have never found any other contenders even on the beaches in Mexico!  I love to top the shrimp taco with Rosa's Best Green Tomatillo Salsa Award that I have yet to find that green is sssooooo addictive beware!.  

The fish soft taco either your choice of grilled Salmon or Halibut comes stuffed with red Cabbage and Orange Mango Salsa are my absolute favorites.  Are you kidding me!  Anyone looking for the BEST SEAFOOD, FISH OR SHRIMP TACOS IN PHOENIX YOUR LOOK IS OVER....DRIVE TO THE EAST VALLEY!  The 2 item plate comes with delicious Spanish Rice and those oooohhhh so good smoked baked beans!

It even gets better as I absolutely love Tia's "Plato de Carne Asada" which I understand is a 12 spice marinated beef or pork slowly oven roasted for 10 hours, and then charbroiled over an open flame!  It comes to your table smoking hot and I love many flavors and so get the combo Beef, Pork, and Chicken!  Put it this way I am getting hungry just thinking about how good this dish is!  

I forgot to mention Rosa's takes the prize for Best Chicken Mole!  Which includes six varieties of chilies, 22 spices, herbs, nuts, fruits and chocolate blended together in this classic Mexican sauce. It comes garnished with sesame seeds and served with rice and tortillas!  This sauce is king!  Delicious and never greasy!  It is a true art to have an award winning Mole!

So grab the whole family and set a date for Rosa's and Rancho de Tia Rosa's in Mesa and Gilbert, call ahead on weekends to get placed on the waiting list, you will not be disappointed and any miles driven will be well rewarded!  They have earned every one of these FIVE STAR Awards as good as it gets!  Enjoy!