No matter how far away we move, we have to drive back. It's the sauces and salsas. MMMMMM !  
We have to drive a significantly inconvenient distance to get here, and I can't help it.  When I want to have goosebumps-all-over Mexican food, no matter where else we go, this is where I ALWAYS have to return.  

My favorites: 
First, the cheese crisp. IT'S MANDATORY.  I get it plain.  I scoop an inappropriate amount of their house-made hot sauce (it's red, it's smooth, it's ha-cha-cha-spicy) onto a wedge of crispy cheese goodness, and I moan desperately as I eat it.    If you told me I could come to Macayo's but no cheese crisp, I would not go.  I would also sulk and pout and make life SUCK for you.. but no cheese crisp, NO DICE.

Second, also MANDATORY, is the little appetizer plate.  I load it with a handful of chips.  I carefully sprinkle an even amount of their salsa onto each chip.  Then I drizzle the smooth ha-cha-cha-hot sauce all over them.  Then lightly sprinkle some salt on them all, which somehow takes the heat up just that ONE LAST NOTCH.  Then, I gobble the whole plate (think, cookie monster on sesame street).  Down some of my adult beverage, and repeat.

Third, I always *think* I'll get something new.  I always *promise* that I'm going to order something different.   And then I get one or the other of the SAME TWO THINGS, and I have ordered those SAME TWO THINGS for an embarrassing twenty years.  Here they are (drumroll):

Option One:   The Baja Chimi.  Okay, look, there's just no way to describe it.  Juicy chicken wrapped up inside a massive tortilla.  DEEP FRY THAT.  Then some sauce made cleverly with heroin and various other addictive substances.  THEN, some melty cream cheese business over that.  THEN, some other cheese over that.  Yes... my precious... and then you drizzle that special hot sauce over the top... ugh, I wonder if I can talk my husband into taking me there on a weeknight.  I need a minute to recover here.

Option Two:  The Mex & Match.  It's your mexican-restaurant combo situation.  I have to anchor my Mex & Match with the non-negotiable piping-hot crunchy shredded beef taco stuffed with cold lettuce and cheese.  Then, I "mex" it up by either getting the cheese enchilada (it's the CHEESE... no, it's the SAUCE... no, it's the CHEESE... no, it's the SAUCE... WHO CAN EXPLAIN THE MYSTERIES OF DELICIOUSNESS???)  -or- I get the shredded beef tamale smothered in the red sauce... so dense and chewy and saucy and delicious... I'm going to cry.

They serve the Mex & Match with rice and beans for that complete "Put me in a wheelbarrow, I'm disgusted with myself, now I understand the meaning of binge-eating" sensation.

If you can discipline yourself enough to put some of your meal into a box to take home BEFORE you rupture something, I can highly recommend the Enchiladas Dulces... it's, like... apple pie filling and cream cheese and ....wrapped up... there's some frying.... and then cinnamon sugar...? and then ice cream and chocolate sauce and caramel... *sniffle* ...yes, yes, I AM going to cry....