Where to begin, where to begin...

More often than not, I find myself staring at my computer screen thinking about how I am going to blast an esablishment. I don't rave about "good" food. I rave about amazing food. The type of food that I have dreams about. The type of food that makes me want to bring about a thousand dollars cash and gorge myself untill I need an ambulance.

The taco stand outside of Reyna Foods makes just that kind of food. Too often when we think of Mexican food, we think of a variety samey tasting, samey textured mixtures of ground beef, yellow cheese, beans, and tomatoes stuffed into a processed flour tortilla covered with a plastic sauce (I'm looking at you Emiliano's). Reyna's doesn't just break the mold, they hurl it at the wall, smash the pieces with a bat and then scatter the dust in a blast furnace. The tacos here are aboslutely amazing. Fresh ingredients cooked right there on an old plancha-style grill that has absorbed the flavors of countless meals and stuffed into fresh corn tortillas are a truly enlightening experience. I mean it. 

The first time I went here was to just grab a quick snack while walking around in the Strip district. I saw they offered tongue as a protein choice and thought to myself "What the hell, in for a dime in for a dollar right?" Best. Choice. Ever. The first bite was like reaching the Seventh Level of Enlightenment. The Buddha said I could ask one question. After careful consideration I asked, "Can I have another taco?" After that I made a vow that I would forever be a loyal raving fan.

The tacos are assembled to your liking. I like mine with the works: the perfectly cooked meat on the warm tortilla then covered with queso fresco, tomatoes, lettuce, onion, cilantro, fresh lime juice, and sour cream. The flavors all play well together to strike a classical tune of a Mexican bolero on the pallate. As previously mentioned, I like the tongue. It has a wonderful richness and gameyness to it that I have come to love. My far less adventurous girlfriend stays with the chicken. They have other choices ranging from pork, to steak, to shrimp, to the ever popular ground beef (gotta please everyone I guess).

After you order your tacos, try one of the fresh made flavored waters there. The fresh lime water is always my favorite, and is there every day, but they also have hibiscus, watermelon and other flavor selections. My girlfriend got the horchata, a milk based concoction with cinnamon, nutmeg and sugar. Or you could pop inside the Mexican grocery for a Coke hecho en Mexico. My favorite Coke because they use cane sugar, not HFCS.

The only downside is that they close right around 3:00 PM.

Come to Reyna's. The tacos are amazing. Do I really need to say any more?