This place really got my taste buds going! Everything they brought out was so incredibly delicious! I found this place on Groupon & immediately checked Yelp for reviews! Decided to try it due to my undying love for Tapas! It was 40$ worth of food for 20$. 

Toros is actually a gaming restaurant as well & I do appreciate that it's a NON-SMOKING gaming restaurant. That actually why I gave this place 5 star rating instead of a 4.

Cocktails- when you text Toros to 99158 , you can get a free drink! So I did & my first cocktail was Strawberry Bojito! It tasted like a Mojito & I'm a fan. My second drink was a white sangria. Oh gosh, worse sangria I ever had. lol only bad thing about this whole review was that darn white sangria. 

For foods! 
Stuffed Piquillo Peppers 7$- It was stuffed with crabmeat and goat cheese swimming in a tomato sauce. BUT, it only comes out with 2 peppers (as seen on my picture) so when it came out, me & the beau looked at each other like "that's it?" But boy was it delicious! 

Sliders $9- those were cute. I didn't really think anything special about it. Only thing different about it is it had a slice of ham in it which added a bacon effect to it. 

Seared salmon $8- one of the best salmons I ever had! It came out with sautéed spinach which was so good! It was laid on a garlic sauce which was oozing with flavors! 

Meatballs 7$- It comes with 3 juicy meatballs. Nothing really to say but it was delicious! 

Buffalo wings $12- of course everywhere we go we the beau ALWAYS has to get buffalo wings! These were really spicy and it came out with a spicy aioli dipping sauce! That really made those chicken wings memorable! 

Flan- & for Dessert, my favorite! It was the perfect amount of sweetness and was the perfect size to end our meal. 

The waitress was new but she had a lot of knowledge about the items. She was honest  about not trying most of the foods yet but gave us direction on popular items. She came to check on us regularly and when our food was taking long she would go & see what the hold up was. She was a doll!