They are still new and can tell working out some 'issues' nothing earth shattering.  There was a confusion with our reservation - but they acknowledged it, fixed it and gave us a free appetizer.  It really was not a big deal, and their approach made it a bonus.   

Okay - what did we order (we went twice during our stay in AZ so I'll cover both trips).  

- Green Chili Mac and Cheese - Super tasty, great flavor and love the
   combo.
- Smoked Steak Chili - Tender steak, flavorful with just a little kick.  
- Green Chili Stacked Enchilada - Wasn't a favorite, good flavor, just not 
   great presentation.
- 7 Layer Salad - wonderful mix of flavors and textures
- Chips and Trio of Salsa - Love the pico de gallo salsa, the green salsa
   a bit runny and lacking flavor, smoky tomato salsa is excellent.
- Steak Torta Sandwich - Fries were crisp and hot, Sandwich was 
   flavorful and a bit of kick.  Extremely filling.
- Fresh tortillas with Agave Honey Butter - Butter rocks!  Tortilla was a bit 
   too overcooked on the edges and dry, nice flavor.
-  Kids Nachos with steak.  A good deal for a child - not enough meat in
   my sons words "Where is the meat?!?"
-  Kids Burrito.  Huge - and you can pick what you want on the inside.  
-  Taco Trio - Lobster, Chicken and Steak (1 of each).  Tons of meat and
    really good flavor.  A very filling meal.  You can mix and match on those
    too.  
-  Chocolate Molten Cake - very rich and dense with a generous scoop
   of vanilla bean ice cream.  Delicious
-  Homemade Churro Donut Holes - Served in a bag (included with a 
   kids meal) and available for adults too.  Hot, steamy and oh so 
   delicious.  Two sauces to dip in - strawberry and chocolate.  Yum!!

As I said, there are some issues to work through.  The turn around on entrees is pretty slow - but worth the wait.  I'll easily wait for food that is fresh, hot and delicious as opposed to reheated elements of Sysco.  Just know going in that this is not a fast quick meal, if you are in a rush you'll just be frustrated and no matter how good it is you still won't like it.  

Prices - I felt they were appropriate.  The food was worthy of the price and I didn't feel like my cost to quality ratio was off.  As I said, we went back again while visiting and when we return we will go back.  Good food, good prices and I have a feeling the turnaround time will improve.  

Oh, on more thing - I am so impressed that they have hired young people to bus the tables.  We had a 15 yr old young man that was polite, attentive and personable.  What a great opportunity to learn the ropes and how to be respectful and responsible.  Rare opportunity and one to be applauded by the owners!!  Kudos to you all around!!