I have been a big fan of Cafe Rhumba since my first visit. This is a great example of a restaurant with a somewhat limited menu - but consistent taste and quality across the board. I've tried a variety of different items and have never been disappointed. 

If you are a newbie, here are three suggestions to start:

1. The Rhumba Burrito: 
Can't go wrong here. It's the signature pork, chicken or steak on a flour tortilla where you choose the fixin's. The pork is a personal favorite, it's always moist (unlike a lot of those other burrito places) and flavorful. The ingredients are fresh and served just the way  you like them. Be sure to try the tomatillo salsa. If you're looking for something different, ask for a side of "Baja Sauce" a ranchy-style light jalepeno dressing for a little kick. It's not football-sized but it's pretty big and filling for most. 

2. The Rhumba BBQ Chicken Pizza:
Unless you have a big appetite, this pizza serves two. It's basically two cheese crisps, filled with fresh shredded chicken, onions, cilantro and tomatoes and a rich and spicy Chipotle BBQ sauce. It's just a little spicy without being overpowering. Great flavors all around. Just like regular pizza, it also tastes great the next day, so if you can't finish it, just take it home!

3. The Rhumba Salad:
A fresh flour tortilla holds a bed of fresh greens and your choice of pork, chicken or beef. I usually add rice, corn, pico along with the cheese and tortilla strips. For dressing, I like the roasted tomatillo to really bring out the flavor of the meat without overpowering it. Plus, when you're done, you can eat the bowl. Well, you can eat the fresh tortilla anyway. It's a big salad but you'll be surprised at how fast you devour it. I am not a salad guy by any means but I love this salad - and I can eat a little more than usual because it's pretty healthy. 

Alcohol is available or you can go with an assortment of bottled or fountain drinks. 

For us, the service is always great, with a little interaction with the staff who is creating your meal to order. The atmosphere isn't fancy but it is definitely family friendly, so feel free to bring the kids. If it's cool, grab a bite on the outdoor patio or dine inside. Your call. 

It's not really fast food but like the saying goes, more "good food served quickly". I think another reviewer's description of something between Chipotle and Bajio is right on. If you're thinking of giving Cafe Rhumba a try, go for lunch and get the lunch special - usually a small Rhumba burrito, drink and "rhumba fries" which are deep fried tortilla crisps coated in cinnamon sugar. It's a nice sized meal to get you through the day without needing a nap afterward. And the combo price is always nice.

If you're tired of chains and looking for a place that serves fresh food daily in a few flavorful combinations, visit Cafe Rhumba. You'll be glad you did!