Yes! Yes!! YES!!

I got to go here & I'm going to be telling everyone I know that they're missing out if they don't try the Dogfish Shark Taco.

I actually took a first date here. Major points for me from my date. He luuurved it.

I'm salivating thinking about the happy-mouth-gasm I had.

This place is hard to find :( Drove right past it twice! I was hell bent on getting here though. They need a sign out front, not just the name on the building.

I wasn't sure which direction the restroom door opened either. It opens on the right. If there's no one in there it'll open. (duh lol)

Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken Taco was good. Not really my style though. It was tasty & looked good. Maybe I just don't like mole?

Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco is melt in your mouth good. You lightly crunch through the batter & the tender dogfish practically, no perfectly, falls apart in your mouth. I'm addicted.

The Shrimp Quesa is... gosh, where do I even start? The outside was fluffy, while still being robust. The shrimp were cooked, & chopped perfectly; tender & never chewy! I loved how the garlic was sliced & not minced or ground. It's amazing how a little thing like sliced garlic makes a huge difference in flavor balance.

I thought I'd had some darn good horchata before. This is horchata on steroids. I mean that in the best way. This may be weird, but next time I go I'm going to ask for no ice so I can eat the pecans & some of the fruit with a spoon. Don't think badly of me, I just want every last tasty bit!

The salsa bar is so fun! The salsa bar with something crazy like over 11 salsas?! Yeah, THAT salsa bar. I've never even heard of some of those salsas. I took 1 of each home. I wanted something to use to convince my mom to come here eventually. I also get to keep enjoying La Condesa from home by using their salsas on burritos, tamales, & quesadillas I make.

Who cares if they don't always understand what you say? Who cares if sometimes they don't get every order right? That's fixable! Just talk it out with them. But really, it's about the food. It's all about the food...

Edit:
I noticed a difference between the online menu & the physical menu at the location. 
Online: Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken Shark Taco
Actual: Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken Taco - A Oaxacan specialty! A legendary blend of spices, chiles, nuts and chocolate made into a rich and flavorful sauce, mixed with shredded chicken.
This comes topped with red onions & there is no shark in it, just chicken.