From time to time I hear people lamenting Madison's lacking Mexican restaurant scene and almost as often its Chinese scene. Often they seem to come from people who didn't look very hard or who have decided to be snobs because it's fun. But they're wrong. If you know how to look and what to order when you've looked, we've got wonderful Chinese (fugu, wah kee wonton noodle, Hong Kong Wok, Lee's Garden), and a pretty incredible south american scene, from higher end/gourmet style (Inka Heritage, Samba, Samba Cafe, Cafe Costa Rica) to tex mex (las cazuelas, casa de lara, la mestiza) to my personal favorite, nitty gritty, homestyle cheap Mexican (La Hacienda, Al Pastor, Antojitos El Toril, Los Gemelos, Taqueria Guadelajara, and this restaurant).

This restaurant wins in its category. I've gone probably upwards of five times and I'm sad to see it go, but I hope the new restaurant in the same location, La Guanajuatence, does its ancestor justice.

My first assessment of cheap Mexican places is if they have a variety of salsa and if they have horchata. Guanajuato Taqueria had both in excellent fashion. Their horchata was made with almond milk and was sweetened just the right amount by what tastes like actual cinnamon. Their salsa bar had at least four salsas with plenty of variety-- a verde, a spicy, a mild, and a guacamole infused spicy salsa. Three of them were, incidentally, made in my preferred style, smooth and not chunky, which to my mind brings it down to the flavor of the sauce.

Their food was fantastic every time I went there. The only thing I ever did not like was a matter of preference-- it turns out I'm not a fan of tripas (intestines). Their lengua (beef tongue), however, was my favorite in Madison, very flavorful and the perfect balance of tenderness and resistance. I've had it three ways-- as a taco, as a gordita and as a tostada. My favorite was always the gordita... there were variations on what they topped each with, and I liked the gordita toppings the best. On the gordita I believe they were queso fresco, shredded iceberg and lime. This, combined with the flavor of the tongue and two soft but slightly crispy tortillas couching it on both sides, made for my favorite meal from the place. I had the steak, pork and chorizo in the same variations, and they were all excellent. I'm not sure if I ever had chicken here so I can't speak for it.

It was my peruvian friend's favorite mexican in Madison, too, and his favorite dish was their meat platter served in a large (and heavy) resin bowl, with beef, pork, chicken, cactus, onions, peppers and more all mixed in and flavored perfectly.

I never had anything but the friendliest and speediest service here in all my five plus visits. I don't know where it got bad reviews from, though of course every place can (but shouldn't) have its bad servers or even just its bad days. For real, cheap Mexican food you might get from a street vendor in Ciudad Juarez, this was the place.