Okay so I'm a pretty picky food eater but a huge nacho fan so decide to go try their nachos based off the awesome reviews this place has had. 

I also got for my friend an asada taco, an asada vampiro and some Mexican corn. 

This place is a little hard to find, I literally drove by it twice and finally had to get directions from Siri. I walk in and the place is pretty clean, am greeted by a few employees working the stations and make my way to the nacho one. Being my first time here I was a little confused but the guy behind the counter explained he would take care of a few of the items and to go to the other window for the asada stuff. This place is very well organized which I can appreciate. So after he's done making my food he goes to the other person I ordered from gets the rest of my order an walks it up front. Talk about good service. Everyone was smiling and I was in and outta there in less then 5 minutes. 

So the food:
I may or may not have accidentally (okay no accident at all) ate my friends asada taco on the way home. I mean, they did still have the vampiro and I immediately wante to go back and get like, 5 more (though i figured id save that for another trip).They were amazing just the right amount of flavor.

The nachos didnt impress me look wise, they kinda seemed pretty bland but as soon as I bit into them I quickly changed my mind. They were awesome. Not the best chicken I've ever had but not the worst and the guacamole could use some more flavor but overall you get more then your money's worth.

The corn is standard Mexican corn. It was okay though I don't recommend getting it to go...it loses most of its flavor in the foil they wrap it in and u just end up with mayo corn.

The vampiro...if u haven't tried it, do. I had a bite of my friends and also amazing. Meat was cooked just right, had a great flavor and only around $3. 

So would I recommend this place? Definitely. Under $15 for all that stuff means the price is right and the food is more then worth it. Some other places have worse nachos for the same price as this whole meal for 2. Ill be back next week if it can wait that long since fortunately/unfortunately this place is just down the street from me. I wouldn't mind trying their asada fries or quesadillas but I'm pretty sure you wouldn't be disappointed with anything you order.