I heard some rave reviews from people at church regarding this place and since it's only a couple doors down from our church, thought, why not?  I wanted to invite some others from church to join us for lunch, but my husband was already overwhelmed, so we decided to just go ourselves.

Loved the decor, which the place is very bright and clean with lots of beautiful things.  Loved the chairs and tables, that had colorful Mexican type art.  My son took a lot of pictures and that just made us seem so Asian, but he, we love our cameras.

Loved the glasses that our water and sodas came in.  I thought the prices would be a little less as people from my church said it was cheap, but we don't really eat Mexican and I thought cheap meant like $4-7 range.  That it was not, but closer to near the $10 range, but not a big deal.

We liked the tortilla chips that came out in a cute basket and the addicting salsa in cute little salsa bowls.  I could've just eaten this for lunch.  Really loved the colorfulness of this restaurant.  It would have been nice had they proved spoons with the salsa.

The napkins were colorful cloth napkins, which were nice, but I think I still like paper napkins better, but that's not really a big issue.

Each of the kids ordered a 3 enchiladas and they got a mixture of cheese, beef, and chicken and the waitress only charged us $8.95 for each of their items.  It also came with rice and beans.  The rice was a different type of rice rather than the orangish Mexican rice normally served at many gringo style Mexican restaurants.  This was more of a poblano, cilantro rice, which was good, but needed more salt.

Each plate had refried beans topped with cheese (well, three of the four plates had cheese topping the refried beans).  This was the only thing that wasn't too great and I would have preferred black beans or something that wasn't so pastey thick.

My husband ordered 3 street steak tacos (rib eye) and these came with plenty of beef, which he liked.  Each dish had some pico de gallo, and I wished this was more.  He liked the tacos.

I ordered a 3 item plate consisting of a carnitas taco, chicken tamale and a chili relleno .  I was glad the chili relleno wasn't breaded, as it's normally so this made it less greasy.  I liked the taste of the taco, which was not a soft taco, but where the shell is deep fried with the meat in it.  I think they could have put more carnitas in the taco, though.

Did not get to eat the chicken tamale as 1 taco and 1/2 of the relleno.  Ate all my beans, and a little of the rice and I was totally stuffed.  My son was able to eat most of his food, minus one enchilada of the three and my daughter ate all her plate.  My husband ate all his tacos and most of the rice and beans.

As we were nearly done with our food, quite a few people from our church showed up and the restaurant was starting to have a little bit more action.  We were the only ones here for most of the time we were here.  

Will be back.  The service was good, the waitress attentive to our needs.  No issues here.