I spotted Leticia's a few weeks back. While at the Lowe's across the street I remembered it and suggested it to the others in my party. Since we never say no to Mexican food we were off to Leticia's. 

At first the parking seemed odd but we figured it out. They have limited parking along Norman Rockwell Ln. There is additional (including handicapped) parking behind Lecitcia's. You will have to walk all the way around the restaurant if you park behind the building though. 

Upon entering we were greeted and seated. The server took our drink order and we had our drinks shortly after. 

She then brought 3 kinds of salsas. One had fresh tamatillos, avocado and jalapeno  all blended together and this one was my favorite of the 3. It tasted so fresh. The 2nd was a bean dip with chorizo. I have never tasted a bean dip so good or with a flavor like this one had in my life. The 3rd was my least favorite. It was their version of a red salsa. The chips were very good and fresh baked.

We ordered our food and waited. and waited. and waited. The server kept assuring us that it would be out soon. After an hour went by she came to our table and said that the ticket for our order was lost. The food simply wasn't made because the kitchen had no ticket that any food had to be made. I was pretty frustrated. We were hungry and already sat for a whole hour waiting. We had redeemed a yelp deal that was $15 for $25 so decided to go ahead and wait for them to make the order. Chef Leticia herself came out to our table to apologize. She was very genuine and sincere. She said that this isn't something that usually happens and that she would be comping our whole entire meal. She was very concerned we might not be back. I let her know we would for sure be back. I can't think of any other time that a situation like this would't have infuriated me and left me never wanting to go back but Chef Leticia as well her staff left me wanting to come back everyday.  This would have been a 1 star review but the way they handle their customers makes it a 5 star review all the way.

Now 1 hour and 25 minutes later we got our food! I ordered a Combo plate that had a "Carnitas Taco & Cheese Enchilada" as well beans and rice. The food was plated almost too pretty to eat! The taste of the food lived up to how it was presented. The pork was filled with flavor. The beans had good texture and flavor. The enchilada was excellent. There are not words to describe how good this food was!

The inside was clean. We will be back many times for sure!

They have specials and a happy hour so check their website or facebook page for current promotions.