I've been dying to try Most Wanted for awhile. Looking for some really good street tacos but have been unsuccessful until now. I was a little leery at first cause I wasn't sure about the area but once I got here it was rest assured. Nice area. Nice big strip mall. 

Walking in I'm overwhelmed on what to order. Tacos, burritos or what. So what the heck. Just try it all. Only problem is I just went to the gym and this lunch just killed my workout. 

I ordered three large tacos with carnitas, pastor, and asada. What they do is throw the tortillas on the grill to warm them up and throw your meat on the grill to warm it up too. Each taco comes with two tortillas and I added cabbage, tomatoes, cheese and guacamole (99 cents extra). Served it on a styrofoam tray. 

Also ordered the fish burrito. When I ordered it and told her to eat here she gave me a funny look. Did I order too much. What the heck. Oh well. Anyways, they warm up the tortilla on the grill and deep fry the fish. Looked like tiny 1 inch pieces of fish. When they made it I asked for rice and black beans. They freaking gave me two big scoops of rice and two huge scoops of black beans with about ten pieces of fried fish and I had them put cabbage, tomatoes, and cheese. Now this is a freaking huge burrito. They could barely roll it up. 

I loved the tacos. Started off with the pastor and it was so good. Juicy moist on a warm tortilla. Couldn't ask for anything more. The asada and the carnitas was just as good. Loved them all. I would have to say I liked the pastor the best. It almost seemed like a snack to me. 

Then I had that freakin big fish taco. Oh my goodness. It was pretty good. They give you some chipotle fish sauce to put in it and it gives and nice kick to it. It was so big that it started to come apart. I would say it was good but really liked the tacos the best. It called Most Wanted Taco Shop so duh the tacos should be the star and they sure were. I'm proud to say I finished it all. No take home but I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. That is a lot of food.   

Once you pay they have a pretty big dining area. Nice booths and high top tables. Very clean with Spanish music playing. Didn't get to try their salsa bar but it looked really good. 

So I found my go to taco shop even though it's 20 minutes from home. Just remember to stick to the tacos. Great food. Reasonable prices. Friendly service. Will I be back? Of course I'll be back and I'll bring my family next time. Enjoy.