I've been here before.. several times in fact, and the food has always been.. Ok.  Don't misunderstand, I read the other yelp reviews, I've seen that people love Cabo Fish Taco and I WANTED to love this place, I just didn't think it was anything special, passable sure, maybe even "good" but certainly not worth the 30 minute drive, it was just nothing special.

Until today.

We had a rare lunch w/o kids so were up for something a lil different.  Decided to try Jack Beagles as I'd heard good things but had never been.  As we pulled up we saw Cabo just next door and thought.. Better the devil you know, right?  So Cabo was the answer.

Got talking to our waiter (also the bartender as our table was next to the bar) and I mentioned that as much as I'd wanted to love Cabo, so far I'd been greatly underwhelmed and I asked for suggestions.  Immediately he suggested the Tavarua Tuna tacos.. And I regretted asking lol.  See, I don't do meat/fish with fruit.  Of any kind, ever.  I greatly dislike sweet and sour food combos, I don't like sweet elements in a savory dish.  Tavarua Taco has all of these elements - blackened, lemon rubbed wahoo (blackened=strike 1 for me) in a kiwi-pineapple marinade (strike 2) with a honey-wasabi sauce (definite strike 3 for me).

Grudgingly I ordered a Tavarua Taco along with my Carne Asada taco figuring at least I knew the steak would be ok as I've had it in the past.

In a word, WOW.  I started with the Tavarua Tuna and honestly, I'm not sure I've ever eaten anything tastier.  WOW.  I now know fully why people RAVE about this place.. If you've been unimpressed, I promise you're ordering wrong!  The GM came past our table to ask how we were enjoying our meal and I told him how..bland our past experiences were (I've always had either the carne Asada tacos or the beer battered fish tacos - and he agreed with me that it is fairly easy to get a better beer battered fish taco elsewhere, but that's not what they're about and often people are disappointed thinking the fried fish taco is a "signature" dish, when the reality is the fresh grilled fish and all the clean flavors are the star of the show.

Genuinely, I could eat there everyday - the Tuna was SO good that the Carne Asada taco afterwards felt like punishment, and I ended up leaving it and the side (spicy avocado pasta salad - tasty!) in favor of ordering and having the room to eat a second Tavarua taco.  Unbelievable yum.

We will be back.  We will be back often.  I will be getting the Tavarua tacos, you can bet on it :)