After doing the math, it turns out I've been coming to Chino's for 16 years, but until yesterday I could never put my finger on why I love it so.  Chino's appeals to me, and likewise turns many off, because they know exactly what their flaws are and proudly display those flaws front and center without shame.  They have no intention of conforming to the industry's idea of what a "good" restaurant is supposed to look like.  Their loyal following is ok with that.

Instead, going to Chino's is a lot like visiting your great-grandma that's lived in the same house forever in a now run down neighborhood.  You know you'll always be greeted with a big, warm, bosomy hug immediately followed by gut busting cooking that may not be Cordon Bleu-worthy but is filled with enough love to make up for it.  Chino's staff and all their customers are some of the nicest people to ever gather in a restaurant, and embrace every new customer as one of their own.  The customers are all so happy to be there they almost look giddy.  And like great-grandma's house, the place is filled with stories - of the original owners, how it got its name, celebrities and local titans of industry who ate there - as evidenced by the hundreds of pictures and memorabilia around the place.  If you're ever feeling lonely, go to Chino's during lunchtime.  You won't feel lonely long.

Guy Fieri's the best, but sometimes I wish he hadn't visited Chino's.  It's really not his kind of place and that gave people incorrect expectations.  Chino's would have been better represented by Anthony Bourdain.  It's his kind of food.

I'll leave with some random thoughts to help you decide whether you're a good candidate for a Chino's visit, and to make the most of it:

The full name is "Chino Bandido Takee-Outee".  It is meant to be a take-out joint.  They added a very basic dining area as a courtesy, but if that's not good enough for you for goodness sake get your food to-go and take it to North Mountain Park or something.

They call it mexican/chinese fusion food, but it isn't IMHO.  It's uniquely their own style with recipes developed by the chinese girl that bandit stole.  Go in only if you can throw out your preconceived ideas about either cuisine.

The food is perfect in its imperfections.  You don't want to know the nutritional content.  Really.  Even the many non-meat items.  So when you try those samples, throw the diet out the door and get what tastes best to you.  The meal will make itself known long after you're done, and you will without question need a nap afterward.  And the same dish won't taste quite the same next time you come in as it does today; or the time after that.  Depends who's cooking and what's going on in their life that day, I think, but there's never been a time I didn't love it anyway.  

This is food meant to be played with.  Anything can be made into a quesadilla or rice bowl or burrito or whatever.  Can be a problem for the indecisive type, so ask one of the heavy set guys sporting a polo shirt and corporate i.d. badge what you should order.  He won't steer you wrong.

Now if all this stuff doesn't sound absolutely amazing to you, please don't go to Chino's.  I really don't want to read your whiney-a&^ review after I've gone to all this trouble for you.  If it does sound amazing...well, prepare to be embraced into the bosom of Chino's!