I lived on the Mexican border of Texas in my childhood. My parents took us into Mexico often. We had a Mexican-American live-in housekeeper who cooked for us... so, I know MY food, both Tex-Mex and Mexican. 

El Jalapeño is the "real deal." Living in Nakoma, a few blocks away, we've been there since it opened and returned time and again. The owners are from Jalisco, the seating made of hand-crafted Jalisco painted wood, complimented by original oil paintings. The lighting is bright... as is customary in Mexico!

The food is fantastic. There are many on here who complain about this or that (mainly, it seems, the salsa that comes with the chips.) Why so much focus on the salsa?! The chips are home-made, fresh and hot. Ask for another salsa (a hotter, richer flavored one, as we did) and move on! 

The food is what this place is about and it is DELICIOUS and AUTHENTIC. This is much, much more than a 'tacos joint.' In fact, the 'Carne Asado' entree platter at 
$ 10.99 is a steal. Thin slices of flank steak, perfectly grilled accompany fresh, hot corn tortillas, along with cactus leaf (delicious,) a chopped Mexican lettuce salad, rice and beans. No lard or trans fat, so the latter two were light and flavorful. The platter was huge, almost enough for two.

I love their 'Enchiladas Platter' also. You can choose the filling: steak, pork, chicken, etc. and they are perfectly cooked and yummy.

We've had most everything on the menu. There is nothing I wouldn't order again, the food is that good.... and so very, very reasonable for the quality. Most dinner or lunch entrees are $ 7.99.  Service is friendly, delightful and unobtrusive. One pays at the cash register (as in Mexico,) when one is ready to leave. We love that!

By the way, the local Mexican-American population has discovered El Jalapeño. It is packed with families and others, which is the best sign that this place is authentic and just like "madre" used to make!  

We are thrilled to have such a terrific Mexican place as El Jalapeño nearby.