I love this place and have been going here since I was born! This location hasn't been open that long, but it still has the same food.

It makes me sad to see all the negative reviews on this place, it's really not that bad. In the 25 years that I've been coming to this family restaurant, I've never had a problem with their customer service. This location on Del Webb is a little more quiet and they do have a lot of elderly customers, but everything has been nice and the food still comes out on plates hot from the oven. 

The noodle soup is to die for! Even when it's hot in the summer I still get it because it is so unique.. It's whole wheat macaroni noodles, vegetables, and cilantro in some special kind of broth that I can't figure out. My mom wants to work here just so she can find out the recipe.

Over the years, I've never really deviated from my usual, which is either a cheese enchilada or a guacamole burrito (chicken), usually the lunch special if I can make it here during lunch because it comes with soup or salad and a fountain beverage!!! My parents really enjoy the green chile burritos, but I don't like green chile in general so I can't comment on that. I've also never had their appetizers because I usually fill up on the chips and salsa and the soup.

If you're in the mood for an alcoholic beverage, try the Midori margarita! I'm not sure if it's on the menu, but it's really good... And in my opinion, the bartender that is usually there is very cute and nice. I didn't factor that into my rating!!!

El burrito isn't THE most authentic place (everyone has their own opinions on what's authentic), but I'm Mexican and I still like this place. The only con that I can think of is the hours (doesn't open until noon on Sunday so no breakfast, though they do serve breakfast items) and the chips aren't those greasy fresh hot from the fryer ones that some other restaurants serve. That's okay with me because they are still good. You have to ask for the hot salsa because I guess they are used to catering to people who don't like spicy...and sure the prices have gone up, but so has the cost of food to make the items. 

Believe me or don't believe me, but I will be going to this place until it closes or I die.