Do you want repeat customers? Because that's how you make repeat customers. [/Archermeme]

Braddah's Island Style, aka Hawaiian Chipotle. Big fan of the original location on Rainbow near Sahara, They haven't made it out to Henderson yet, but this outpost by UNLV is much more accessible to me. It's been open for quite a long time actually, but I only recently acquired a Groupon ($7.50 for $12, and maybe a Groupon code for additional discount).

I was considering the burritos or the nacos, but I had the three tacos with pricing possibly based on the most expensive protein ($7.95 I believe, a slight recent price hike, for pulehu steak). I also had the grilled fish and the kalua pig. Pretty much had them do all the tacos the same way: wheat tortillas, seaweed rice, black beans, corn and mango salsa (favorite from the first location), shredded cabbage, cheese, cilantro, sour cream, and a'a chips.

I found the steak to be a little sweet, the fish to be good if a little boring (maybe roasted vegetables w/ guac would be tastier for pescatarians), and kalua pork the tastiest of the three. I'm not sure if the a'a chips were around before, but the crunch was welcome. Probably had an oversight when I forgot to ask for lime, which would have brightened it up more.

I didn't see any of the sauce bottles out, so after the first taco, I ended up asking the employee about them because they were available at the original location as far as I knew. She said I could buy one, which I wasn't inclined to do. Then the manager walked in and I repeated my inquiry. He said that they'd have them tomorrow and that the original store was making them today, and he also offered them for sale. I said I wasn't interested for now.

When I sat back down, the manager asked out of the blue which sauce I wanted. The raspberry (with agave and jalapeño) was it of course. He then took a bottle from the fridge, opened it, and gave it to me on the house. Said that college students had been stealing them, and although he thought it was funny at first, it kept going and adding up. But I guess I either seemed like a loyal customer or I had some of my other purchases on the table. He even told me Merry Christmas. I don't know if the guy is Hawaiian, but I gotta give him props for treating me like ohana.

Finally, there's those aforementioned other purchases: coconut bark. It's one of my favorite desserts, so I had to grab a small box of that, as well a similarly sized box of the holiday bark ($4.95 each).Both are crunchy but not too hard, and ridiculously addictive. The holiday version comes with white chocolate instead of milk chocolate, as well as some peppermint. Keep them in the fridge because they seem to soften if you don't.

Braddah's has spread their version of Aloha spirit (and their yummy bark) throughout the Las Vegas Valley. Although I'm still waiting for them to show up on my side of town, this location should work for now. I was a little less impressed with the savory food, but much more wowed with the hospitality.