On my last day in Phoenix, I found this treasure.  I'd been disappointed all week by Mexican food no better (and in some cases, much worse - see Los Sombreros!) than I can get at home in Boston.  I'm usually skeptical of places that win "Best of" awards from magazines with city names because I know how easily those "judges" can be swayed.  I'm happy to report that in this case, the judges are right and the long string of  "Best Mexican Restaurant" awards that Barrio Cafe has won from Phoenix Magazine is well deserved. 

My friends didn't want to meet for brunch, but I really wanted to try this place so I headed out by myself on Sunday at 11:30.  The restaurant is small, and my preferred solo seating - the bar - wasn't available (it only has 2 seats, anyway) because it was being stocked by the bartender and isn't usually open for brunch.  I was seated at a table for 2 and was impressed the genuine feel of the surroundings and the genuine attentiveness of my waiter.  The walls are filled with artwork by local artists, all of which is for sale.  The restaurant is very small and the tables are close together, so if you have a large group, you'll feel a bit confined, but it's well worth it.  

I started with a la Picocita margarita and some guacamole.  The marg was awesome - it's Chinaco silver tequila infused with chile de arbol pepper, the glass is dusted with chile powder and the drink is served with a pepper and a lime.  Not the traditional margarita taste, but it was fantastic - the right margarita for brunch the way a Bloody Mary often works as a brunch drink.  

The guacamole was among the best I've ever had.  I am a guac fiend, and this was just fantastic.  I didn't expect the sprinkling of pomegranate seeds, but they really added to it.  The chips were fresh & firm enough to manage a good dipping without breakage.  Although it's supposed to serve 2, I ate the entire dish & could have licked the bowl.  

For an entree, I went off of the brunch menu because the brunch offerings were pretty mainstream.  Unlike many other restaurants, while Barrio has a brunch menu, you're not limited to it.  The entire menu is available.  I selected the Chiles en Nogada - a roasted poblano pepper stuffed with chicken, onions, garlic, pecans, apples, pears and apricots and finished with an almond sauce and pomegranates.  It's only available when pomegranates are in season because the chef feels they add so much to the dish.  The chef is right, and the dish was absolutely out of this world both visually and gastronomically.   There is a lot going on with this dish, but the flavors combined beautifully and the pepper was perfectly roasted.  

I shouldn't have, but I was so impressed at this point that I moved on to dessert and coffee (I didn't eat again until almost 9:00).  For dessert I chose the Churros, a fairly common dish, but I'd never had them before stuffed with goats milk caramel and served with vanilla bean ice cream.  What a treat!  And the coffee?  I like my coffee black and rich.  Theirs was so good that I bought a bag of beans to bring home to Boston with me. 

So what wasn't perfect?  Well, at brunch, they have live music.  The guitarist was excellent, but DOES NOT NEED TO BE AMPLIFIED in a room that small.  And there is the fact that the room is very small.  At a 2-top against the wall, I was protected from the distractions that diners at a central table will experience.  If it were possible to award 4 1/2 stars, I would do so for those two reasons, but it isn't, and with Barrio Cafe's food, there is no way I'm cutting it down to only 4 stars. 

Thank you, Barrio Cafe, for proving to me that it is worth going to the southwest to get excellent southwestern and Mexican cuisine.  Until brunch on Sunday, I was grotesquely underwhelmed with what Phoenix & Scottsdale had to offer on that front.