I'mma let you finish but Bakersfield East has the best margaritas of all time. 

*drops mic*

*picks mic back up to finish yelp review*

Seriously though the Bakersfield margarita is so delicious and is what (my) margarita dreams are made of. It's served in a mason jar and is mixed so well that the tequila sneaks up on you (ahem, me). I could have easily gone for another but I'm such a lightweight that multiple margs & driving don't mix under any circumstance.

My friend and I started off with the guacamole and queso. You're able to order the queso plain but she decided to add chorizo and pickled jalapenos. THE CHIPS. Oh, THE CHIPS. They were lightly salted, crispy, and exactly the way chips should be. The guac was slightly chunky and tasted freshly made. As far as an appetizer goes, I'm going to give the crown to the queso. It deserves all of the exclamation points. Honestly, for my next visit I'll probably make a meal out of just the queso.

I ordered the papas tostadas and fish taco for my 'meal.' The menu is on the small side so there aren't actual entrees but you can mix and match tacos, tortas, tostadas to make a complete meal, if you so choose. The papas tostadas come with a scoop of guacamole on top, lightly fried potatoes, crispy tortillas, a layer of creamy black beans, all served on top of a small bed of romaine lettuce. All of the layers (once you figure out how to eat it) make a yummy bite. The fish taco was lightly fried and served with a hefty portion of slaw. No complaints here.

We arrived on a Tuesday evening (3-24-15) around 6:00 and the place happened to fill up pretty quickly. It was pretty sparse when we got there. My piece of advice? Park in the Berrybrook farms lot which is directly across the street...but try to get there early-ish. Parking is a nightmare in this area and, depending on the time of day, may cause you to say "eff it." There are numerous lots in the area that actually have signs that note they are not available for Bakersfield customers. So pack your patience, it's worth it my friends.

Since Tuesday, I've been telling anyone who'll listen that they need to go here.