Any of you who read this who have ever been in love will be able to relate:

There's a first pang of distress, when the knife blade pierces the skin, when you know you are in for some pain.  But the endorphins kick in and you realize that you are in for more than you ever bargained for...

At los betos, after a few (5, 10, 20?) drinks, I had the sad misfortune of ordering a carnitas burrito at 220 in the am.  And what did I receive, but the most delectable delight ever served in the pinche madrugada ( rejoice, all my spanish speaking compañeros, a cuss word or two to titillate you).  The carnitas were cooked to a perfect crispy exterior, while the innards burst forth with a cornucopia of spices and flavors that made my very synapses fire indiscriminately with glee.

But, not to be outdone, heartburn would make its own dastardly play for my overwhelmed nerve endings, tearing me from neck to knave with pain.  Did I stop, even for one excruciating second?  Yes, but only long enough to pour on more green sauce, villainously spicy in a way that no beto, be it fili, rol, or eri, has ever been.  Nay, I succumbed to the sweet agony of picante and used that to goad me forth into the foxhole against the onslaught of acid reflux.

Each bite brought both more pain, acute, dire, and relentless, but also a sweet symphony of flavors that can only mean guacamole and green sauce replete with all the accoutrements.  I fought, and fought back hard, and what I can tell you is this:

No burrito has ever caused me such pain and yet no burrito has ever granted me such pleasure.  Like a sine curve, plunging predictably from zenith to nadir and back again, los betos has given me the pleasure--nay, the honor, of feeling every physical sensation known to sentient vertebrates.

Five glorious, painful, resonating stars.  Five harrowing yet riveting stars.  Five supernovas, five black holes, five big bangs of taste.  The world has never known anything like what I have just experienced.  You too can have what I had... all it takes is intestinal fortitude enough to jump in the car with a beer bong and head straight to thomas and hayden.  Oh, and leave the zantac at home, puss.