i love chef susan feniger...i love watching her on top chef masters...and i love that she is a strong lesbian in high ranking in the culinary world.  we need more of you chef feniger!!!  

this was our last foodie stop on our trip before we headed out to the airport...and my oh my, we weren't disappointed with our experience.  we were 45 minutes late for our reservation.  we called to let them know but instead of having a cow, they sat us right away when we got there, with a smile...stating that she was saving a table for us.  woowee...and i thought we were going to get yelled at.  haha. 

anyhoo, if you want water, they charge you 50 cents each person.  they don't serve tap water here...so don't be surprised when you see that extra charge on your check! 

so we started off with the ceviche duo..wifey and i were split on that dish.  i loved the orange habanero ceviche while she liked the baja ceviche better.  both were extremely refreshing and hit the palate like WOW.  oh!  wifey also ordered a watermelon lemonade...DELISH!!!  

for our entrees, wifey had the mexicana breakfast off the brunch menu...and i had the grilled skirt steak and eggs...also off the brunch menu.  these items go for 19.99 and include a side of fruit and pastries.  both of our dishes were cooked PERFECTLY...so freakin perfectly that even the eggs were delicious!  and seriously, how often do you hear people say that their eggs are delicious?  the tortilla that came with my dish was definitely homemade...the best tortilla i have ever had!  

BUT...the best item i had at border grill today...was the GUAVA CREAM EMPANADA.  yes!  you heard me right...fresh out of the oven...they were apparently a little behind on pastries so this item came out towards the end of our meal. (btw, the service was just average...but good enough to not dock any stars)  saved the best for last right?  everything about it was perfect...the flakiness...the creaminess of the hmm...cream?  and the flavor...omg...the guava just took over my taste buds!  i've never had anything like it before...and sadly, i must go all the way back to vegas to have it again...sigh.

wonderful...everything was just wonderful...i can't compare border grill to any other mexican place i've eaten at...it's just some serious gourmet mexican food that is untouchable...i can't wait to go back!!!