This used to be an Uno's years ago- in the 1990's. (Yup, used to eat there with my husband, back when, we were just good friends.)  Since then, it's been numerous other restaurants, with little or no success. 

All the restaurants are pretty much the same decor- a little similar to Hash  House A Go Go- metal elements/industrial central to their restaurants. This one seems bigger/spacious than the one near the University, because it is long- shaped like a rectangle, rather than a square. No drive-thru window. There were three other patrons (more empty than the one near the University which is hoppin') and four people working there. Though there are other Fast-Mex restaurants in the area (El Pollo Loco and Baja Fresh- each one has different favorites), I hope that this one finds success at this historically unlucky location. 

Finally went here over the weekend for takeout. I bought a chicken burrito and a chicken salad for a little over $12 (regular price). I love how all the meat is naturally raised ("Food with Integrity" is part of their mission statement), at these restaurants. I also love that it is made right there in front of you (kinda like Zaba's & Q-Doba). This way, one can customize. I had the chicken (perfectly seasoned), crisp romaine greens, corn, pico de gallo, peppers and onions, and cheese- comes with chipotle-honey vinaigrette. It's so good, but doesn't need much dressing since I also had the pico- but thinking I might just get the peppers and onions because I noticed my super-oniony  (from the raw onions in the pico de gallo) taste in my mouth afterward. Most of the greens were fresh, just had one leaf that was not good. You can get beans, but I skipped them this time. My husband's stuffed chicken burrito had the white rice (no cilantro), pinto beans, cheese, and sour cream. It took him a couple attempts to finish it. I told my husband we should come here more often. This one's more convenient to us since it's just one street away.   

Adult menu is basically three prices- $5.50- vegetarian, $5.85- chicken, $6.10- carnitas, barbacoa, & steak. Select Burrito, Burrito Bowl, Tacos (3), or Salad. Four different salsas to suit everyone's taste- from mild to hot. Extras & Drinks: chips, salsa, guacamole- $1.50-$2.25, Alcohol: beer and margaritas- $2.75-$3.50, Bottled drinks, & Soda (free refills). Kids menu $2.95-$3.95 quesadillas/taco/taco kit. You can order online www.chipotle.com, iPhone App, or by fax- since the menu is the same one used everywhere, no individual location's information is listed, sorry. 

Simple menu, made your way, great food, yummy choices, fast, fresh, quality ingredients, inexpensive, clean- this is a no-brainer for us.