I was leery about Javier's at the Aria. It's Orange County namesake is a high-end, luxurious fiesta, and possibly the only Institution in a region bereft of heritage or culture. A high standard indeed, and I was wondering if Javier's had the hubris to compete with the other heavyweights on The Strip. After our huge party that was executed flawlessly by staff & kitchen, Javier's has proven to be beyond competitive, and an instant contender for best restaurant experience in Las Vegas.

We had 12 people, an instant clustermess for any restaurant, and we were seated on time on a Saturday night. The layout was spacious, and the raised ceilings allow for good acoustics, sight lines & style. Our server, Jose Luna, was one of the most efficient, professional servers with whom I've ever had the pleasure of interacting. He paced our table perfectly - no easy task at a rowdy bachelor party - without rushing us, keeping the stream of chips, surprisingly good (and spicy) table salsa, appetizers, meals and desserts at a steady clip. 

Now the food? The food was just shy of excellent. Interesting, unique expressions of standard dishes with an emphasis on seafood, the sauces are a testament to the seriousness which Javier's treats it's cuisine. The Fideo Del Mar was not, as named, a true fideo noodle; that's satisfactory as the linguine was a natural vehicle for the crab, shrimp and scallop in a light tomatillo cream sauce. The carnitas were voluptuous and delicious; the asada juicy and tender with the right amount of char. Both lacked a tad bit of salt, interestingly enough, so they weren't perfect - but definitely tasty. The desserts included a deep, flavorful flan and a wonderful fried ice cream with a frightfully seductive thin layer of shell. 

Worth noting specifically is the ceviche - fine, high-quality cuts of octopus, pescado (fish) and shrimp served in a piercingly acidic brine that highlights the succulence of the chemical-free, in-season seafood.

Really an outstanding meal, and worth every penny of the (relatively) high prices.