After my third visit, I decided to take a critical look at my first review of The Stand, and a lot of mental debate went into keeping my review at 5 stars. Honestly, they're experiencing some growing pains, but I am hopeful that they will get past them successfully. Why? Because they've already corrected the things that irked me on my first trip two weeks ago. The real trick now is to keep their quality from faltering in all other respects. The upside and downside to rave reviews and the success that follows is that you get busy. Really busy. 

**On my second trip, they ran out of short rib tacos. *sad face* I tried the chicken but it was pretty uninspired. I missed the crunch of the pickled cabbage, and the chicken was pretty mealy and dry. However, their saving grace was the chocolate chili milkshake - YUM! 

**On my third trip in, I noticed that mexican street corn was no longer an option on the menu. *double sad face* I did notice that they were now offering plain chocolate and vanilla milkshakes (YAY). I would still like to see an In-N-Out style grilled cheese on the menu for my vegetarian kid; in this economy I hate having to pay full price for a meatless burger - because let's face it, it's the price of the meat that drives the burger market and in a place like this where the meat is fresh ground (short rib and sirloin?), the meat can't come cheap. Also, they should post a kids menu because kids are everywhere in Arcadia and kids don't like not knowing what's available or what price their parents are paying. Well, they don't really care about the last part, but the parents do! So, the cons of this trip? It was really busy. I blame this "busy-ness" for leading to the Great Onion Debacle of 2013 where onions unfortunately invaded my short rib tacos (EW). And actually, the short rib itself was surprisingly dry. Like I said, probably just another minor kink, because the first time I tried them, they didn't have this problem. The chips were a little stale and not nearly as crisp as the first time - I couldn't help but wonder if they had been sitting out a while. The pros: I did try the fresh squeezed lemonade this trip and it was a tart delight! They also seemed to have worked out the kinks in the fry department because they were executed flawlessly. And as always, the Stand burgers with grilled jalapenos and cheese were stellar!  

Everyone has their days, but a caveat: Arcadians are fickle and they'll turn on you like a pack of rabid hyenas. With that said, I've ultimately decided to keep my review at 5 stars simply because I know in my heart of hearts that this place is solid, and gosh darn it, I just like Eva and her staff THAT MUCH. Until next time...