I finally had the pleasure of dining here after hearing such great reviews from friends, Yelp, and local articles, and I have to say that Desnudo Tacos truly lived up to the expectations.  Residing right next to Naked City Pizza, in the same building as Moon Doggies, the restaurant sits in a great location for locals and tourists alike, especially for those who may be visiting the Palms or the Rio.
A few of the items we ordered we're the guacamole with house made chips, a couple of tacos absolutely stuffed with delicious, flavor-filled pork and chorizo, and for my girlfriend, the Cali burrito.  The drink I was promptly delivered was a house-blended horchata, which I have to say was the best I have tasted, with just the perfect amount of cinnamon and sweetness without over doing it.  I definitely recommend ordering anything you get as a combo, since the hefty sides of Mexican rice and beans were some of the best I have tasted.  Even the habanero-garlic green salsa brought out to accompany the guac was exploding with flavor and just the right amount of spice to make you want to finish the entire thing before the main course arrived, but making you struggle to hold off so you can add some to your tacos, torta, or burrito that you may have ordered.  Although I'm sure the incredibly personable and friendly staff would be more than happy to bring plenty more out to satisfy your sudden craving.  
Every dish and side at this comfortable, amped-up taco shop has so much detail and care in te preparation, with everything being made in house and hand-crafted, that you will assuredly want to go back the next day, if not for dinner or a late-night feast, to try something else on their authentic menu.  
Chef Christian Dollas of CutThroat Culinary truly lives of to his local fame and potential, and I can't wait to see what he does next, whether it be one of his pop-up dinners or any of the up-coming new items at DT, switching it up every other day with another house-made salsa or an incredible brunch menu on the weekend.  Needless to say, I will definitely be back soon, with any friends or family who are craving not just tacos, but delicious, affordable cuisine.