The boyfriend and I found this place whilst driving around last night, hungry enough to be a little snappish but not so hungry that we just said 'screw it' and made a beeline to the closest (and only okay) tacqueria to our house.  Before even getting to the food, I have to say this place earns five stars for the customer service.  No sexy taco girls were working last night (though I did see the family photo on the wall and say Damn!), but as we walked in the door we were welcomed with exuberant hellos and Happy New Years! greetings.  They were really, REALLY happy to see us, or they put on a really convincing show of it.  The cook came from the back to say hi and tell us what's good (everything- I don't think he was lying), the guy in front was excited to tell us about the family that owned the place and the type of food they serve.  They demanded we take some chips and salsa on the house and I'm glad they did- the tortilla chips were freshly fried with that lovely salty, greasy taste without the texture being greasy.  The tortilla equivalent of the best kettle chips.  We left feeling giddy and happy and really fricken excited to get home and eat.
Now, the actual food.  We each got a burrito and the boyfriend also got a cheese quesadilla.  Along with the complimentary chips, this was a ridiculous amount of food.  The burrito-forearm comparison doesn't really give these burritos justice.  If my forearm were that size, and I were a guy... well, there's no doubt what I spent all my time doing (possibly thinking about these taco girls?).  The guy asks you what you want on it and wraps the burrito in front of you- I was amazed he could actually close up the burrito!  Also, I'm happy to report that despite the size this is the first place in the valley I've found that wraps their burritos tight enough that they stay erect (what's up with the sex innuendo in this post?) and don't fall apart mid-scarf.  My only complaint is that they were so big and loaded it's hard to tell what type it's supposed to be.  I ordered fish with the knowledge that I wanted to taste fish, cabbage, lime juice, sauce, and a little whatever to fill the sucker out.  Instead I got a kitchen sink concoction that tasted delicious but not really any different from the boyfriend's carne asada burrito.  If I went back I'd probably get some tacos or their delicious, grilled, non-greasy quesadillas.  (Unless I'm starving and just want an ambiguous metric ton of deliciousness.)  I'm actually really excited to go back to try their tacos as the taste of the quesadilla transported me straight to dreamy, drunk nights in Mexico.  Mmmm grill flavor.
The prices were slightly higher than other places I've been- maybe a buck more per burrito, but it's definitely made up for in quantity, taste, structural integrity of the burrito, and customer service.  I will definitely drive the extra distance and pay the extra dollar when I need a Mexican fast-food fix.