If you were sitting next to Zimm and David while they ate at Humberto's, here's what you'd have heard:

Zimm and David turn away from the counter. Sitting down at the nearest table, Zimm says "I felt good the moment I saw our order relayed to the kitchen, and the cook gave us two big thumbs up."

Sipping the large cup of horchata passed across the counter, Zimm assesses, "Mmmm. This is pretty good. It's the best milk I've ever had."

After filling up a styrofoam cup at the soda fountain, David takes a sip. "I think that they let a lot of extra syrup run from the soda machine. I'm a Dr. Pepper man, but had to go with this thick Coke.

Zimm reads the sign above the large metal oven, "Look at that. 'Welcome to the Great Taste of H.' That's a nice greeting."

"I wish this place was right next to our office." David realizes that he hasn't even tasted the food yet, but that sign was enough.

Zimm shakes his head as his eyes pan over to the kitchen. Zimm announces "Oh, I see it! It's coming."

David asks, "Are they large?"

Zimm's eyes stay wide.

Moments later, their table fills with plates of food.

Zimm says, "Only paper plates and plastic utensils."

"The sign of a restaurant trying to save money on not paying a dishwasher hourly. Keeping those prices low," says David.

We start shoveling it down. It's a lot of food.

Zimm says, "For real though, the same ingredients as everywhere else, but this just tastes really good."

David coughs, "I think it's the extra oil. You look at the rolls of tortilla, and they've got that soft grey drench of oil."

Another bite and Zimm agrees, "I'm liking this! Actually, I think the key here too is green peppers and chiles. Maybe some onions. All sorts of good stuff. That's something you don't see everyday in a classic chimi."

David adds, "And this chicken. Not shredded chicken, like usual. But we've got pebbles of chicken. Little nuggets inside."

"I'm glad I didn't order an extra fish taco," Zimm says.

David takes his last bite, "Yeah, that was a mistake. But I like that white sauce."

They get up from their table to head out. The plates are empty.

David reminisces, "If I lived here, I'd definitely be stopping in every morning for those $2.99 breakfast burritos."

Zimm says, "Yeah, it's not even hard to make it before 10am."

A woman walks through the front door, passing them. The cashier's voice from behind the counter greets her, "Oh, hello! How are you? Welcome back! How's the family?"

Zimm smiles, "This is a new restaurant, but they've already got those return customers. That's some enthusiasm you wouldn't have seen in a real fancy restaurant."