Came here over this past weekend for some dinner. Upon arrival the place didn't have many people in at all, but this was probably because there are no signs really indicating this place is here (that can be seen at night anyway). 

We were a party of 2. When else walked in were immediately greeted by ALL employees behind the counter, that was awesome. And it was a genuine greeting, not sounding forced like some other establishments. The gentleman serving us immediately asked if we had been there before, which we told him we hadn't. He then offered us up a sample of their meat choices which were all equally delicious. After that they showed us around the good bar and our choices. 

Now this place reminds me a lot of chipotle, but with Hawaiian style meats and Hawaiian infused sauces and salsas. So if you're going in expecting a traditional Hawaiian eatery, that's not what you will find. You will find a chipotle like concept but with Hawaiian meats and Hawaiian hospitality. I got a Kailua Pig bowl with just about every topping AND seaweed rice, was delish. The bf got a beef byrrito (I forte the name of the meat) and he had that thing gone in about 1 minute. My cooking doesn't even fly off the plate that quick. 

I am a huge huge huge stickler for customer service and this place has it down. I really felt important and like I was their own customer. So much so I added $5 to the tip jar on the counter which was over flowing with evidence of their outstanding customer service to others. When we sat to eat we witnessed them treating everyone with kindness. And even the own came out and said hello, and shook our hands and thanked us for coming in to eat and told us he appreciated us stoping by. Who does that's anymore?!!?!?!!? I was floored. The guy who took our order comments "man he is the best boss, I love working for him". 

Now if this is all an act...they're pretty good. But I don't think so. 

Thanks for the outstanding customer service Braddahs! We will be back for sure!! 

Love love love this place.