The Barrio Cafe is a fucking unreal dining experience; But at first glance, you'd never know it.   Barrio is a tastefully decorated, two-room restaurant located in a predominately hispanic area in central Phoenix just off of Thomas and 16th St.    Normally I would never recommend a restaurant located next to a 99-cent store, but Barrio Cafe is a rare and treasured exception.  

My wife and I went with friends who were regulars and gracious enough to pick up the hefty tab.   Our friends described the cuisine as French-Mexican fusion cuisine, a term I happily blended into the cheerily trite "Frexican."   In realty, I'm not sure that I detected the French elements.  Sufficed to say, the food does adopt a central Mexican, colonial flair.   If I were liken the type of cuisine to any previous experience, it is most like that of the Cafe Poca Cosa in Tucson though with a less traditional feel.   

Barrio has an extensive and seemingly well-formed wine list which I did not personally avail myself of.  I enjoyed a smooth and tasty import beer called Sol.   As a side note, I strongly recommend Sol to anyone who likes Tecate but feels bad about drinking Mexican swill.   Sol is to Tecate as Allison Krauss is to Dolly Parton--All the same fun without the white trash guilty feeling when you're done. 

We enjoyed a delightful Guacamole and chips appetizer.  Though still chock-full of advocados and the accompanying calories, Barrio's guac-fare also boasts nuts and apples and some other unexpected ingredients which lend the guac a sweet and light flavor that makes you feel like you're eating healthy whilst clogging your arteries, a ruse I always appreciate.    

For dinner I enjoyed their filet mingon which was served with a goat cheese and crab meat topping on a bed of well-prepared red peppers and other ingredients I just cannot recall.  In addition to preparing the meat as ordered (MR), Barrios beef was flavorful and tender as one would expect from the Filet.   I devoured this.   I was hungry and it was so incredibly tasty I didn't do a good job of savoring, I just inhaled it.  

We enjoyed a churro with whipped cream for dessert.   A churro.   Yes, a churro.   What can I say except: Churro?  Fuck Yeah!

Seriously...go.   But, bring your credit card because you'll average $30/head without even drinking.   Budget on 50-60/head if you're drinking.