I am a regular user of Yelp but this is the first time I felt compelled to write a review.  PVBC has several characteristics that stand out from the crowd.
The main attraction is the food.  This is a "burger joint" with a huge twist that keeps on twisting.  There are photos of the menu items on the walls and online  that help to describe the "creations" of Bret, the owner/chef.  They don't look like boring burgers and they don't taste like them either.  The Brulee burger is built with a fried egg on top of bacon, onion, burnt sugar and Havarti cheese.  The Beach House has a half a roasted green chili, smoked mozarella, and pico de gallo.  And there are a few other specialty burgers as well as the standard cheeseburger available.  Then there are tacos and taco salads available in several styles, the pulled pork sandwich with green chili and smoked mozzarella, which I have tried and highly recommend, and the "classic" but not so typical sloppy joe.  All these sandwiches are served on an awesome bun that is toasted to perfection and come with a choice of "special sauces" like sweet-n-spicy, 1000 Island or jalapeno ranch.  How about fried,carmelized or pickled onions? Avocado, jalapenos, green chili, bleau cheese....
Here are some more twists:  the sweet potato tots, the homemade seasoned potato chips, the homemade natural cut fries, homemade coleslaw.  Everything is homemade.  Even more twists:  roasted corn on the cob and on my last visit on Saturday, there was on off-menu soup of the day that was an amazing homemade combination: sweet potato, jalapeno, bacon, and chicken.
Now I can't wait to go again to try another menu item and see what  the soup of the day will be.  I end every visit there with a chocolate shake that I can honestly say is the best that I have ever had anytime anywhere.  My niece's chocolate peanut butter shake was great too! They make various flavors and offer malts as well as shakes.  
So the food is the main outstanding characteristic and the low prices are the next surprising feature.  It is highly unusual to have so much fun and food for such a small price.  Next, did you notice that I spoke of Bret, the owner and chef, by name at the beginning of the review?  That is because in this quaint  "joint", he comes out to see how the eaters are enjoying the eats and is more than willing to chat about the food or anything else...a very cool young but experienced chef with a seemingly sole desire to please.  
There is even a piece de resistance (French pronunciation intended). You must try the French toast sticks served hot with powdered sugar and maple syrup.  Bret brought out a sample on one of my first visits. They are the epitome of orgasmic food.  What a treat and a great desert to share !!

I write this review because I thoroughly enjoy and look forward to every  visit (and so does my wife and the friends that I have told) but also because I sincerely want the PVBC to become known and be successful enough to stay in the neighborhood.  Please try it for yourself and write about your experience.  There are more menu items to try and I hope I can get a chance to try them all, not to mention the new ideas that Bret is always testing.  He even caters his stuff.