I now it's mainly white folks who come out for Cinco but my sister ended up getting the day off and we were hungry, so we started our journey and headed out west! It was about 4:30 when we arrived the parking lot was full I had to park in the next vacant lot but it was because of the party tent's so no biggie. We got seated right away in a nice comfy booth. I love the decor lots of colors not too abnoxious with beautifully painted murals in key places even in the restroom. Restroom had nice stalls with real wood slatted doors you wont have to worry about kids playing peekaboo w/u under the stalls. 

Our waiter was really polite and served us very well. 
The chip's were really good not greasy or salty +
The salsa was super fresh not really spicey (I am Mexican) with a good mixture of cilantro but its like in Sun City so I understand, they brought it out in a carafe which I love but it should still come in a small bowl as well. Trying to get the salsa from a flat plate on to your chips can get frusterating we found ourselves pouring it right on to the chip instead. Was it supposed to come w a bowl maybe, could we have asked for one...probably?!? It was happy hour and we were too excited over the $1 drafts which included Blue Moon you cant beat that. We ordered the guac as an appetizer it came plated nice with diff bigger chips see pic. The guac lacked heat and taste a bit I coudnt detect any limon or cilantro =( so we ended up mixing it w the salsa and ate it that way. 

I ordered their  #5 which is a Chile Relleno w a green corn tamale came w beans and rice. The hot plates came out the cheeses were still bubbling. The tamale was GINORMOUS it was as big as my sister's chimi. The tamale was my fav it was moist and the corn was sweet mmm. The rice and beans were excellent the rice was cooked perfectly you could tell it was really fresh again. The chile relleno was pretty good the cheese was all melty but again no real heat. 

After getting the bill we proceeded to finish our beers and moved slowly to the party tent. We decided to hang out to avoid the traffic. There was a band that was awesome not only did they play spanish cumbias and some oldies but they played some No Doubt. They had girl dancers/singers. By the end of the night we ended up dancing all in all we had a great time! It was a perfect Cinco specal thanks to Sauza ;)