I was a little worried to try the new place (the old Mary Coyle). I had enjoyed the dated look of the old location on 19th Ave, probably because it was familiar over the many decades that I had been going to La Pinata. I remember when the "waitresses" (yes, that was their title then) wore white peasant blouses and wide, colorful skirts. The colorful walls, artisan pottery and paintings fit that whole vibe.

The new place is quite nice in a kind of upscale/cute way, and very different from the old, almost kitchy look of the old. There is a large, really nice patio out front. I miss the old look, but I can see the attraction of the new.

My worries about the change in location were unfounded. The good new is that the food is the SAME!!! The service is just as friendly and attentive as ever. I even recognized some of the servers that have worked at Pinata for years.

La Pinata is good old fashioned Americanized Mexican food. (It was founded by a Greek family.) If you are looking for "authentic" Mexican food (whatever that is, these days), this may not be the place for your. But if you want large portions and food that is accessible to every palate -- from my Dad, the die-hard Mexican, to a visitor from NYC -- this is the place to go.

My favorite dish here is the chimichanga. I always get the machaca. My mother always gets the chicken. My beloved enjoyed his red chili. I'm sure that whatever you put in the chimi, it will be good.

The menu is a little different. There used to be a large section of enchiladas, and now you find them in the combination plate area. I was worried that the spinach enchilada was missing, but the server assured me that it could be substituted for the cheese enchilada on one of the combo plates. So I know what I'll order next time we visit.

The chips were warm, thin and crisp. The salsas (the regular and the hot (you have to know to ask for the hot)), were spicy and delicious. Given that the servers refill both the chips and salsa without being asked, you need to be careful that you don't fill up on the chips!

If you haven't been to this Valley staple, you owe it to yourself to give it a try!