Okay, first of all, don't trust all the poor reviews. One of them rated this restaurant when it was only 4 days old for being too crowded and disorganized. It was open only 4 days, give them some time to work out the kinks. 

Another bad one I read was about how the pricing is too high compared to their other location in Chandler. The other location is not a sit down restaurant with servers so of course the price will be a bit more; more overhead. If you are wanting a quick, less expensive experience, the other location is better for that. 

My hubby and I went today at 1:30. The restaurant was busy but we were able to sit down right away. They brought us chips with two salsas plus bean dip. The salsas were delicious. The green tomatillo salsa was a little sweet and mild. The red was very tasty and also mild. My husband loved the bean dip. The first batch of chips and accompaniments are free. I had iced tea which was also very good and tasted fresh brewed.

Hubby ordered the crab relleno which comes with a good sized portion of rice and beans. OMG, that thing was delish! At only $8.99, it was a very good value. I usually hate rellenos but this one was crisp, filled with fresh delicate crab in a spinach cheese sauce, and was all very flavorful. So good! I highly recommend it. 

I had the pollo fundido. It was quite good as well. It was, what I consider, a shareable size and came with rice and beans as well. I liked how it wasn't super greasy or completely drowned in cream sauce. It had just enough under the melted cheese to add flavor without overpowering it. The chicken had good flavor and was obviously not canned or frozen. For $7.99, I felt like I definitely got my money's worth and I have half of my meal leftover for lunch tomorrow. 

The host and server were kind, quick, and efficient. We only waited maybe 10 minutes for our food. The atmosphere was nice and the music was not obtrusive. They have a nice little patio that I'll have to try before it gets too hot. I would not hesitate in recommending this Moreno's Mexican Grill, it was a very good experience.