As a business traveler and seasoned patron of the Clarendon Hotel, I was excited when I arrived at the hotel to find out the new C4 Restaurant was finally open. After quickly checking in, I asked how long the restaurant had been open? It had only been open for 9 days, so once I hit the room, I eagerly strolled down to the bar and restaurant. As I entered, I was quickly greeted by Don, the general manager of the restaurant. We spoke briefly, and I then took a look at the menu. I was shocked as the food seemed so inexpensive! I began to have second thoughts thinking how any restaurant could have quality food at such low prices. I then asked for a wine list, which was minimal. I asked Kenny, who ended up being the bar manager about the selection. He stated the wine selection was still being finalized, however the sake list was substantial. (And it was!) There is also a full bar with very friendly bartenders and strong drinks. They have an AMAZING HAPPY HOUR as well!

I ordered a glass of the Powers Cab, and then decided on some food. During my week long stay, I must have tried almost everything on the menu. I was absolutely surprised at the quality, taste and interesting combinations of food. I enjoyed the sushi, especially the C4 roll with peppers and cream cheese. WOW! The ahi salad was fantastic, and the crepe type dish was really good! I also have to mention the spicy chicken wings - tread lightly with the red hot sauce! As the week progressed, I heard a patron in the hotel say their burgers rivaled the world famous Delux burger in Scottsdale - so of course, I had to try the bacon Burger. It was good, however Delux still has it. :) I enjoyed all the items I ordered and the food was a great deal for the price - nothing over $10! 

As for the ambiance of the restaurant and bar, it was trendy with a contemporary feel. The bar area has 4 huge plasma TV's which are nice for the games during the day. 

All in all, I had a fantastic experience at C4 and will return. The management, bar and wait staff were all very nice, and the bartenders
are experienced. From what I understand, the Grand Opening was on the 26th of October and I was hoping to be in town to enjoy the festivities. I will return in late November and look forward to sampling the finalized wine list. 

J~