I am a huge Mexican foodie and have been trying Mexican restaurants all over Scottsdale, Tempe and the Phoenix area since I moved down here.  I usually start by talking about the food but holy cow, my server and service was hands down he best I have ever had and deserves notice first and foremost.  

I never asked her for her name but got the bill later and it said my server's name was Mercedes so I hope this is the right name.  This girl put a smile on every table I watched her go to every single time including mine.  She was always at each table, at exactly the right time, with what the customer wanted.  Her consolidation skills were off the hook amazing and what I would expect from a high end steakhouse restaurant, not a neighborhood Mexican restaurant.  But the most important thing that stood out was that I felt she loved working there and was happy with her surroundings which usually comes from great management and ownership. 

Mercedes was outstanding!  

I experience here began even before I met my service.  I'm talking about the hostess that sat me!    When I arrived this place was really busy!  I was a single and the bar was full so I told the hostess and she immediately said "that's ok, we can seat you and sat me at a 4 top during peak hours and no other tables available that I could see!  

Menu was what I expected from classic Mexican food.  My staple Mexican dish is the pollo queso or pollo fundido as other places would call it.  #1 thing to look for on a good Mexican restaurant is this dish and all other dishes can be based off of this.  I also ordered my #2 dish, a cheese enchilada a la carte, which is normally what I have to get because my #1 is not on the menu.  Both were good but the up sell and service delivered made me go even further and get dessert as well.  Fried ice cream!  Also great.  I could barely walk out of here I was so full.  Kept thinking this was such a great experience I wanted to order more but just couldn't do it!  

Great job guys!  Mercedes, you were awesome!