This resturant is part of the Ranch Market that it is attached too.  I have been wanting to dine here for sometime, and finally got a chance to roll in and dine here.

For starters, this is as authentic as it gets.  There is a courtyard area with outdoor seating and shopping.  Colorful, traditional hispanic/latino/mexican culture shows here, and you feel like you've been taken to another country when you walk in.  Colorful is an understatement.  rich deep colors run through this location, along with beautiful traditions of hispanic culure cannot help but to seep into your bloodstream.

In the courtyard area, there is a grill that the staff cooks on.  Women are in traditional hispanic clothing, and look beautiful while they cook.  So much fun to watch, as they make tortillas, chicken, etc and be taken in by the action at the grill.

As you enter the location, you are greeted by the hostess, and taken to your seat.  Beautifully decorated dining area, with a bar area, solid wood seating for parties of any size.  Servers are all dressed again in the traditonal latino dresses, and while I was there on a Saturday night , there was also a mariachi type band playing.

They have a good selection of food, from Enchiladas, burritos and fajitas to mararitas and salsa.

I ordered the shredded beef burrito.  The serving was ginormous, and HOT when the food came out.  Even though we were seated immediately, there was two large parties dining ahead of us, so we had somewhat of a wait for our food to arrive.  Thats okay, because we were so entertained with the mariachi band, it passed by quickly. 

The food was delicious!  Portions were huge, and I took home enough leftovers for a full meal the next day.  you will NOT go hungry while dining here, and the atmosphere is contagous.  You cannot help but to get caught up in the moment, with the beautiful colors, music, and lively atmosphere at this place.  

I reccomend this place for everyone, as i think its one of the more "one of a kind" establishments in this town.  You cannot help but to have a good time while eating here.  An amazing place for locals and visitors alike.