If you have ever lived in or traveled through a rural area, the number one rule for finding a good restaurant is to look for the parking lot that is full. Look for the parking lot that has the farmers trucks, the police cars or the fire trucks. When you find this place, you have found the best place in town. 

Don't worry when you drive by this place that it looks like a little SHACK!!  Because that is just what it is. A place so small and off to the side of the road that if you aren't looking for it, you would miss it. A place so small that if you do see it, you would never think to stop. 

But if you do venture to try this small shack of a restaurant, you are in for a treat. 

Jim's Burros offers a small menu of more typical burritos and tacos. They offer a limited breakfast menu, but offer it all day long. And have a daily .99 cent menu item. My favorite... Taco Tuesday... Ground beef tacos on hard shells. Six usually does the trick for me. But that still gets me out the door for less than $7.00. 

Jim's Burros provides a great food, at an exceptional prices. Most items run less than $6.00. 

Take Out takes less than 10 minutes. Call ahead and your food is usually ready by the time you get there... I live 5 minutes away and my order is always ready by the time I arrive. If you do Take Out, spend the extra couple of bucks and get a large side of salsa also. It saves well and is better than anything you will ever find in the store. 

Want a change, try the Chili Reno. A large green chili wrapped in egg and smothered in green chili sauce. This is not an appetizer, this baby is huge. 

Want a traditional breakfast? Pancakes are so huge that three are two large to for me to finish. Omelette's that are filling. And breakfast burritos that are huge. Again, all for less than about $5.00. 

Eat In, you get chips and salsa at the table while you wait. Just a perfect taste waiting for the meal. 

My only complaint.... They are not open on Sunday. This would be perfect for breakfast burrito take out on Sunday morning for Sunday football. 

If you make it to Queen Creek area, look for the small shack on the side of the road. They have added signs and store decorations to make it more visible. So don't be afraid. It might be a hole in the wall place, but you won't regret it...

Remember, if you live in the community, always support your local places. Good restaurants that are just around the corner are few and far between.  So forget the chain places like Filberto's that seem to have popped up everywhere, support the local businesses!!!