If there was a fashion statement for food, it would definitely be fusion food! A lot of restaurants are trying different combinations and mixes and I think the best would be Korean and Mexican fusion food. When I found out about KoMex, I knew I had to give it a try. After reading the Yelp reviews and looking through pictures, I was impressed and my stomach was speaking to me... like it needed some KoMex! I'm just kidding, but really though, I was impressed now the only thing was to try it! 

There are two locations in Las Vegas now. When I first found out about this place, the only location was the one on Decatur/Washington. (I have yet to try the new one located on Buffalo/Flamingo). The location is somewhere more north of Las Vegas so a lot of the buildings are older and smaller. The plaza where it is located is in a plaza where there is a limited parking spot. Every time I go, I find a parking spot so i'm sure its not that bad! The moment you walk in, the restaurant is small, but it smells so good! Service is great! You are greeted immediately and sat down to a table.

Every table gets a complimentary chips and salsa with guacamole. The guacamole is so good and taste very fresh! Everything on the menu is what you would expect at a Mexican restaurant except it says "Fusion" before it. I thought it was funny! Anyway, some of the food that I have tried:

Fusion tacos- I usually get the pork belly tacos and the bulgogi tacos with flour tortillas. Oh man, oh man... what can I say about the pork belly tacos... IT'S AMAZING! The pork is so fatty and cooked perfectly! Its not tough and its so juicy! They put the pico on top with shredded lettuce and the sauces that the server gives you once your food is ready! Bulgogi tacos are also a favorite of mine! The beef is cooked perfectly with a hint of sweetness to it! All the tacos are delicious and you have a choice of flour tortillas or have them with a lettuce wrap!

Pork-belly fries- Okay, by now I think you should get the hint that I love pork belly. One of my guilty pleasures! Think of carne asada fries, but with pork belly and the special sauces that they add and jalapenos! It is that good! Must try for yourself!

Pork-belly musubi- It was a special at that time, but i'm sure you can order it. Just like spam musubi, they replace it with pork-belly. It was a bit too oily for me so I wouldn't really order it as much. Only when I crave for it!

Fusion chimicanga- I had this with bulgogi and man.. its HUGE! I couldn't eat too much of it, but it was good nonetheless!

My favorite here would definitely be the tacos. Man, i'm getting hungry just writing this review.