I have been to Las Vegas for years and I have looked and eaten in some of the neighborhood Mexican restaurant near the Las Vegas Strip. I came across one that was pretty decent but OMG this past weekend I was in the area with my girlfriend and we both decided to try a new restaurant and I yelped and came across Hacienda Del Rey and this restaurant is by far the best Mexican Restaurant near the Las Vegas Strip. 

I was surprised that from the minute we walked in their service was top notch. 
The waitress sat us down I believe her name was Claudia it was around 7:30pm on a Saturday eve there were a few people inside eating but the waitress told us they get a crowd in after like 8:30pm or so. Any how back to the food. 

My girlfriend and I ordered a feast because we were hungry. 
She ordered the plate with Shrimp and a Steak and I ordered a Treo plate (1Taco, 1 Enchilada and 1 Chile Reñeno)  I once tried a Chile Reñeno in L.A. and since I was served the worst Chile Reñeno in L.A. I was kind skeptical to ever try one ever again so I gave it a shot here at this restaurant and all I can say YUMMY!!! I will order some more when I come back or at least I now have faith to try those again at other locations. They gave me hope. lol... But besides this plate they give you some delicious fresh Chips and Salsa and you can taste the freshness. I believe your meal also comes with 1 Quesadilla for each of you. I read from other Yelpers that their Tortillas are delicious and they were not kidding. These tortillas are delicious too I order the corn tortillas instead of their flour one. I couldn't tell you how that one would taste like but I am sure it's just delicious too.

I give this place a 100% and they pass with flying colors ALL THE WAY... I was totally satisfied and I definitely will come back for more and more. BEST MEXICAN Restaurant in Las Vegas and their prices are very decent. So if you are hungry for some fresh tasty Mexican food that taste straight from the kitchen made fresh and with some love I say stop by here you will be going back to the strip with a Huge smile on you face and a happy heart. Enjoy...