This place is hot! Hot in so many ways! The menu, the vibe, the people! 
A group of 10 of us came here as a dinner club event that we had last week. It may go down as one of my new favorite places in the valley. The atmosphere is hip, trendy, and cool. Music pumps through a pretty awesome sound system and the food and drink menu are not the norm.
 Cool orangey- Mayan- hot pink decor adorn the place. And the slider doors everywhere give the place an 'outside being in feel'. A tree in the center give that feel too!  I love a place like that! 
This is not your parents Mexican, err, Asian eatery! In fact, my parents would either hate it or love it! But I was beyond impressed. 
We all started at the very crowded Sumo Maya on a night that had a ton of Ferrari's in the parking lot. The valet guy said there was an event that night and the place was full! As was the valet; as was the parking lot!  My boyfriend loved the place for the 'eye candy' Ferrari's alone in the lot! Once I was able to pry his eyes back to me and into the restaurant,we bellied up to the bar to wait for the rest of our group and reservation time. 
 The drinks are like the menu: different. The drink menu is vast and there are lots of cool mixology drinks to choose from , or the usual beers, sakes and wines. I started with a "Coconut", made up of pearl coconut vodka, ginger-lemongrass, a little lime and coconut water. I admit, I don't like 'sweet' concoctions, so I was a little worried I was ordering out of my comfort zone. I was pleasantly surprised when the Coconut arrived in a cute, little champagne glass. I believe the coconut water and lime cut what would be sweet. I had two of these and don't let the small glass fool you: perfect and 'hidden' strong!
 We were seated promptly at our reservation time. Despite how busy they were! There was not an open table or bar stool in the place. I am very glad we had a reservation! My boyfriend and I ordered the fresh made guacamole with lump crab as an appetizer. I love a great guacamole. This was off the charts, amaze-balls. Tons of fresh lump crab pieces adorned the top of this delectable bowl of perfect guac. It is served with flat tortillas that are 'street taco' size. We also ordered the Rollo Chingon sushi roll; I guess we could not decide on one thing we wanted to start with on this menu! Who doesn't love great sushi with a spin? The Rollo Chingon is a roll of grilled shrimp, fresh guacamole, a spice of jalepeno, housed on a sweet strawberry glaze and 'fried' red lotus root atop. Again, this 'starter' was an ample serving for two. I could have made dinner out of this one roll. But, I am a foodie and I like to sample many things! 
For dinner I ordered the Chinese Chile Crab Garlic Noodles. This dish was ramen noodles with shiitake mushrooms and just enough green onions and a hint of miso to offset the flavors.To me, it had a 'pad thai' texture to it, which I loved.  Beware, this dish had a kick to it! The lump crab on top once again, happily surprised me. The concept of SumoMaya is 'small plates' , but honestly, I had enough of this dish for lunch the next day. Yes. It could have been that we could not decide and ordered a few things! My boyfriends entree was the Pork Belly Ramen. Rice sauteed with shiitake mushrooms, pea leaves, adorned with tender pork belly and adorned with a perfect poached egg and scallions. He had paired that with a Skinny Margarita, again strong!.. from the bar. Since we share most of our meals, I liked this dish, as well, BUT, I loved mine more! The dessert menu sounded awesome, but we passed on that. Too many meals out lately and too many dishes here at Sumo made us feel like fat kids, already! 
I will admit I see where Sumo can work on a few things. For example, our dishes came out 'sporadically'. One couple in our group was getting their apps while some were on to their entrees. The water glasses ran empty a few times. This food has spice! Those glasses need to stay full! The parking lot was entirely full. The valet, too. First world problems of having to walk a block from parking up the way to Sumo. AND the restroom is tiny. That said. I loved this place and am already planning a Sunday Funday here with the advertised bottomless Bloody Mary's, Mimosas and Micheladas for $15 coupled with brunch and live music! Football is here and this would be a great place to have brunch and drinks on a Sunday. Welcome to the valley, Sumo! Despite the few little quirks, I can't wait to go back!