Living in Los Angeles, and being exposed to some of the best in authentic Mexican cuisine, I always find that when traveling outside of Southern California, finding legitimate establishments that serve authentic (read non-Americanized Mexican aka Lindo Michoacan) Mexican food are hard to come by. In that regard, I am very grateful for these Yelp reviews, because this restaurant was chosen based upon the reviews of my fellow Yelpers.

This place has such great food, we came to this place for dinner not once, but twice, during our 5-day stay in Vegas, which coincided with the 4th of July weekend. As soon as we stepped foot in the restaurant, the lovely young lady at the register warmly welcomed us and took us right to our table. The first  night we came it was just me and my parents, the second night we came (4th of July weekend) it was five of us total.

It is true that the entire staff is Mexican (Mexican American). It makes the place that much more authentic. The mood lighting in the restaurant in the late evening could use just a tad more lighting, but we're not complaining-- didn't come to analyze lighting LOL. As others have mentioned, this place is in Summerlin, and as such, it is pretty much a locals place-- Which is perfectly fine for us-- A hidden gem, with little traffic. 

On the first night we visited, we went light as we were mostly just grabbing a quick bite to hold us over til after XS (Encore). We ordered some BOMB ASS Empanadas from their appetizer menu-- MUST.TRY.!!!!! --- The empanadas are something you DEFINITELY NEED to try-- They are made to order, you get four of them-- They are made with the same corn mix that both tamales and tortillas are made out of-- filled with ground beef and cheese-- Then you get 3 sauces to dip them into-- The best of the sauces being the Chipotle sauce. Trust me, you will eat those bad boys up in NO TIME! We also got the Carne Asada burrito. The awesome thing about F&F's is that they do their burritos different. Unlike most places that will sell you a burrito that is filled with mostly beans and rice, at F&F's, your burrito is filled with only one thing-- The meat of your choice! I didn't mind the $9 price tag on the burritos because A) They're huge, B) The meat is soooooo tender and juicey, and C) They give you all the ingredients you could want to put in the burrito on the side. It's a true win-win situation if you ask me!

On the second visit, which was 4th of July dinner, they were running a special for $5 Margaritas. This is when we had more guests with us, and so we ordered more. Off top, the ladies ordered a Mango Margarita as well as a Pomegranate Margarita. I asked both my friends for a sampling of each ones Margarita, and I have to say that the Mango Margarita was very very bland, while the Pomegranate Margarita was extremely delicious! This time around, we once again ordered the Empanadas (Did I mention this is a MUST TRY here? LOL), as well as my friend having ordered the Al Pastor, which was tender pieces of pork marinated in citrus, red chile and grilled pineapple, with tortillas and rice/beans. Let me tell you-- I think this plate stole the show on our talbe. The pork, simply scrumptious and tender with the pineapple juices present, but not overbearing. I hate dinner that tastes sweet, and let me tell you, the pineapple on this Al Pastor just added to the flavor, it didn't overbear it. You will absolutely LOVE IT! My other friend had the chicken enchilladas draped in green sauce. She absolutely LOVED IT and cleaned that plate like a dog would it's bowl LOL (Sorry, had to throw that analogy there). Myself, I once again had the carne asada burrito plate, however, this time, I ordered it 'Chimichanga style' (aka the burrito was fried in oil and draped with home made guacamole and sour cream). There is something about fried tortillas that always makes me full quickly, as this time around, I was only able to eat half of the burrito, whereas two nights previously, I was able to eat the entire burrito. 

You would be hard pressed to find as attentive and courteous a staff at a mom/pop place as we did at Frank & Fina's. It adds a great touch to an already amazing experience. All of our glasses never went unattended and the staff always made sure to come around to ask how everything was going, and if we needed anything. They certainly gained a loyal set of patrons in us, as we've already made sure to it that we come back on our next trip to Vegas in September. Yes, this place is off the beaten path in a brand new upscale strip mall (Grand Canyon Parkway), but it is well worth the 20 minute drive from the strip off 15 South to 215 West. 

We shall be back!