So me and the Mr have been in Puerto Vallarta for the last week having a wonderful vacation! We ate and drank and drank and of course, drank some more. One of the waiters in PV recommended to us that we try this place as soon as we get back, small world eh?

Getting back we tried Huauchinango as soon as we could, within 24 hours! This place is crazy.. after walking in the door we immediately felt like we were back in PV! Some sort of Latin wormhole opened up and transported us right back to Mexico! Oh how I love Latins and wormholes! We were of course the only white guys in the place, well so we thought. We were immediately greeted by a very nice looking white guy.. sweet! He was quick to explain the menu to us as its mostly in Spanish but you can figure it out pretty quickly on your own. Of course me and the Mr went to town!! 2 tacos al pastor, quesadillas, 1 carna asada burrito and a chicken/cheese tamale. 

All I can say is.. oh, fuck yeah! This place is the real deal! The food is all made from scratch and in house. All the food we ordered was fucking great! The quesadillas were made from masa, stuffed with cheese and chicken then grilled and covered with green sauce, lettuce and cotija cheese. Hot, melty, slightly salty, tender, melt in your mouth good! 

The tacos al pastor were just like we had in PV! They have a vertical spit loaded with layered pork roast and a pineapple.. all slow roasted to perfection! All that piled onto 2 hot fresh corn tortillas.. divine!! 

Tamale was perfectly made, tender, non greasy with just the right amount of chili's, chicken and cheese.. here we go again, fuck yeah! 

Finally the carne asada burrito.. this thing is HUGE! Loaded with tender beef, beans and rice.. was a real gutbuster! Also house made are 4 different salsa's.. red, 2 greens and a habanero salsa that I'm going to feel around the ol' choco starfish manyana! All had wonderful flavors but one of the greens was my fav, I think it was a creamed avocado salsa.. super smooth, kind of spicy and very flavorful! 

All of this for 18 bucks!! 

I know I should keep my mouth shut and make this my secret Mexican place but let me tell you, food this good should never be a secret!!

Comer con gusto!