If there was a KFC, Popeyes, and El Pollo Loco side by side by side and I was in the mood for chicken, I would  walk straight to El Pollo Loco with no hesitation.

I have read a lot of the other reviews for this location and came to the conclusion that most of the people who gave a low rating did so not because the food was bad but because the customer service was poor. I too would give a one or two star rating for bad service no matter how good the food is. However, I started coming here since November, 2014 (I am writing this review in March, 2015) and have yet to experience for myself any bad service. The five stars I'm giving is based solely on my own personal observations with the service, as well as food, I had during each of my visits.

Since poor service seems to be a somewhat common trend in other reviews, I'll briefly talk about my own experiences for this location. Each time I've been here the staff was pleasant enough. Never had to deal with rude or disrespectful employees. Never had any issues with my order. The dining area always seemed clean and sanitary. So, for me, I have no reason to lower my rating for what I feel is five-star quality "fast-food" chicken. 

Now that I've gotten that out of the way, on to the food. Like I mentioned earlier, El Pollo Loco is my favorite fast food chicken restaurant. They cook the chicken fresh, right up front so you can see it grilling on the huge grills right behind the cash registers. Each time I've been there the quality has been consistently good. The seasoning may be on the slightly salty side for some but I find it just right. I love how the chicken is cooked just right so that the skin is ever so crispy but not burnt, and the inside is always super juicy yet never undercooked.

The salsa bar is great. They have for your choosing toppings like onions, jalapeño peppers, cilantro, freshly made salsa, etc. My only gripe is a couple times the cilantro seemed a little withered.

The churros here are excellent. I've never had authentic churros before so I don't know how credible my opinion would be in this regard but it's definitely better than taco bell churros.

Overall, I really like the chicken. I have no issues with the service. Five stars.