Never have I been so happy to write a review even though I cried through much of dinner. Ok, first off, it is no longer Lily's, its Farjardo's. (or Fajardo's- in my glee I didn't check the spelling). For those out of the loop, a brief history- Lily's was a Glendale landmark in an old house back in the barrio that had been around since 1949. If you didn't know where it was, chances are you wouldn't find it. Sorta like a secret clubhouse. Although it didn't look like much from the outside, it was the inside where the magic happened and I don't mean just w/the food. "Zip" Cipriano Hernandez was the proprietor and, as I always put it, it was like going to your favorite uncle's house for dinner. He always personally came to the table to check on you, remembered everyone and always had a joke. It was a family joint and we quickly came to know and love the rest of them and they watched my son grow up. Outside of the great ambiance, the food was always superb.  The classic mexican food us natives grew up on. I've even commented on another one of my reviews about the most amazing Sunday morning pork chops and how Zip better be waiting at the pearly gates w/one or it just won't be heaven  Thats important b/c Zip lost his battle w/cancer 2 years ago w/i weeks of me losing my mother too. Lily's never reopened and I felt like I had lost not one family but two.
But tonight, I gained a new one! Zip's loyal chefs of decades (nearly  30 I think they said) have reopened in the same location with the same menu and the same tastes! Ok, a few things have changed- one, they take plastic now (Zip rolled old school, you see) and they spruced the place up- all good things. But the service was great, my same old blend of pepsi (I'm psycho about pepsi over coke AND it has to be a good blend of pepsi too), the same salsa, the best tamales, enchiladas and the beans...oh, the beans...like chicken soup for some people. I heard other customers come up and be as sentimental as I am about them reopening. Ok, maybe they didn't openly weep as I did but still. Really, if you loved Lily's, go give the new place a try. If you didn't know of Lily's, you missed out once. Don't miss out again by not trying Farjardos. I'll be there tomorrow morning, crying in my pork chop special and loving every moment of it.
Update- Check out the article on azcentral http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dining/articles/2008/11/26/20081126lilyscafe.html