Wow. wow. wow. 

Had lunch today with two friends at El Birotazo and tried enough dishes to be able to write a credible review of their exceptional food.

Torta Ahogado: made with pork, this is a Mexican-dip as opposed to a French dip - and it's incredibly delicious.  They make their own bread, too, which makes this crusty bolillo surprisingly resilient - but since they bring out an additional bowl of tomato-arbol sauce, there's no reason to panic... We split this three ways and I have to say, I thought about forking my friend for her share, but I behaved myself...

Tacos de Canasta:  I did a little research before we left for the restaurant so I'd not miss out on something I'd never had before merely because I was a newb... when I read that these are steamed tacos (also called Tacos Vapor) - so that the corn tortillas are soft and pliable filled with, for one option, potato, I knew we'd have to order some.  We also tried a chicken version, but it wasn't nearly as delicious as the potato.  This is a simple dish - but a perfect foil for their amazingly spicy, onion arbol broth and their smokey salsa loaded with cilantro.

Tacos Dorados:  we ordered two beef  tacos.  These are the lovely crispy tacos - not rolled like flautas, but normal shape, filled with beans and cheese, fried crispy, then topped with the meat of your choice.  Great flavor, great texture - these were not greasy or heayy at all.  Fabulously messy finger food.  I'd have killed for a cold beer.  

When we realized we still had room to try one more thing, we followed the lead of a little girl at a neighboring table, busily working through a barbacoa taco - so we ordered three so we wouldn't have to share this time  -- and it was the right decision.  The barbacoa tacos are double tortilla'd - one plain, the other dipped in the same tomato-arbol broth - filled with deliciously tender and juicy pulled beef - deshebrada - loaded with cilantro and light onion.  If you eat these with a fork to avoid the juice dripping down your arm, you're missing the point.  One hand-held bite of these and everything you think you know about tacos vanishes. 

I really can't decide which I like better of the torta and the barbacoa, but I know I'll be back - and with more willing tasters, because they have things like Lonches Calientes, that I still haven't had, and other torta flavors- goat and lamb and pork skin plus tostadas of all sorts...prepared traditionally like they do in Guadalajara with a crispy tortilla on the bottom and one on top - 

Yes - the menu is in Spanish, their website, too - the service, if you're prepared and have taken a look at their visual menu on their website: http://elbirotazo.com/menu/, is friendly, encouraging and helpful.  Please be the same in return.

At lunch, it was packed - we got there early (before 12) and didn't wait for a table, but it was a Monday, and my guess is this place fills up quickly for their authentic, delicious, simple food.   Lots of families with their small children - which confirmed one thing we all agreed - this wasn't super spicy (unless you loaded up on the onion sauce they bring to the table...which is addictive), it's very kid-friendly and approachable which is nice to know - and great for introducing kids to real Mexican food...which I think is very important.  

Food comes out quickly. (Another plus, if you're dining with children - or a hangry adult - so hungry, they're angry...)  

Credit cards accepted. And if you go with more than 4 folks, it may take a while, most of their tables are 4 tops, and it's not a big place.  

To get there, take Charleston east to Lamb, make a uturn at the light and it's on your right a block back.  

This was definitely worth hunting for...