My mother told me about this place. Said she used to eat here in the 80's and it was delicious. I love knowing that a place has been open for decades. I love the taste of history. Tamales are my all time favorite and I only like getting them from little Mexican woman that make them in their own home. 

This place is in a busy area. I always see the sign but the building is in a parking lot facing another building. So you really can't see it from the outside and was so hungry I don't even remember what it looked like out side. 

When we first walked in there was a bar that could seat maybe ten across and a beautiful  bartender who greeted and seated us the moment we walked in. Less than a minute later we had hot chips and salsa and had a waiter asking what we would like to drink. 

We already knew we were there for tamales. I loved that there menu had every Mexican food item you could think of with tamale. It's perfect for people that just wanna try it or wanna a little of both. We ordered chicken, pork, cheese, and desert tamale. With a side of rice and beans of course. 

While waiting for our tamales we adored the restaurant. It has pictures of Mexican families on the walls. The entire place felt very homey and family oriented. Even the little chip basket was cute. 

When the tamales arrived my eyes lit up. They looked delicious and they were. Hot and fresh. The cheese tamales were my favorite. The flavor of fresh cheese, corn, and tomato made a perfect combination. I was just as happy with the chicken. It was very juicy and a nice flavor. 

As much as I love meaty tamales the sweet ones are my favorite. I have had sweet corn and pineapple tamales. But never raisin pineapple. I was very excited. So excited I made sure I ordered two for myself incase I loved it. And I did. It was such a sweet flavor with the perfect amount of spice. They are not like other sweet tamales that are simply sweet, they have a hint of spice that makes you keep wanting more. Serious love. 

Great experience!! Great food!! Great service!! Perfect place to bring friends for great food at a great price!!