Ben and I stopped by for lunch yesterday.  Ben had a little bit of work to do and I brought my laptop to entertain myself until we could sit down for lunch.  

First, I ordered the Roasted 5 chile soup.  I had this on the night of the Friends & Family event in October and I couldn't wait to have it again.  The runner brought the bowl to the table with the chilies and tortilla strips centered in the bowl along with a small pitcher of the soup.  I have always loved  this presentation.  The soup was poured over the accompaniments.  A delicious and flavorful soup with that kick of spice in the back of your throat.  A great way to start the meal.  You can certainly taste all of the efforts from Chef and the kitchen crew that went into this meal.

I ordered the Pork Shoulder Tacos.  The pork shoulder is offered on the dinner menu which I haven't had yet so I ceased the opportunity to order it for lunch.  3 open face tacos were brought to me presented on a long plate with a couple of lime wedges.  3 mini tacos over corn tortillas had more than satisfied my appetite to experience this dish.  So much flavor!  I spoke to Chef Matt Carter later to ask him how it is prepared.  He told me it takes 15 hours to prepare from prep to finish.  You can taste every second that has been put into this dish.  Tellin' ya!

Ben ordered the Chicken Arepa.  "The arepa is a corn-based bread from the northern Andes in South America (from countries like Venezuela and Colombia) now spread to other areas in modern Latin American countries. It is similar to the mesoamerican tortilla. Arepas are most popular in Venezuela, Colombia and also Dominican Republic."  Okay, I wish I could brag about my knowledge of Latin American cuisine but I totally copied that quote from Wikpedia. LOL.

The arepa was lightly grilled then split open and filled with chicken and chorizo with chile sauce.  Served with potato and sweet potato fries and a couple of dishes of aioli.  It has a spicy hit to it and was not over powering yet full of flavor.  Chef told us the heat level can be adjusted to the dish.

Holly was our friendly bartender.  We sat at the bar but did not have cocktails this time as we both had to get to work later in the afternoon.  But I will say I have had the Mission Margarita made with fresh lime juice.  I am a picky brat about margarita mixes.  I used to make my own at other places I have bartended.  They are fantastic and we will have to go back very soon.  I spoke to Emily Graham, manager about the Sunday Brunch menu.  It sounds like business has picked up and their first New Year's Eve dinner was a great success.

Okay! Enough gabbing.  Go to The Mission will ya!