I had heard about Leticia's and had driven past it a few times while doing other things. When the Mrs. and I were discussing lunch plans on a Sunday afternoon, mexican food was mentioned and we were off to "that mexican place right down the street." The atmosphere was great and we were greeted immediately by a friendly hostess. We were seated in an area near, but away from, the bar. Chips were on the table almost simulatneoulsy with us sitting down with three different types of "dip" to induldge in. The bean dip was outstanding. Great flavor with whole pinto beans, along with a mixture of the standard consistency of bean dip. The bean dip was accompanied by a red sauce and a green tomatillo sauce. Both were very good and full of flavor.

We ordered their mexican style corn as an appetizer. Corn on the cob, grilled to perfection and covered with crumbled bits of cotija cheese, melted butter and thick creamy mexican cream. This is a must have. I would have been satisfied just powering through these for lunch. I chose carne asada tacos for the entree. You have the option of hard, soft or "puffy" tortillas. The waitress was more than happy to allow me a different type of tortilla on each taco. I opted for soft and "puffy." Both were great and I would describe the "puffy" as kind of like the torilla bowl you would expect to get a taco salad in. The carne asada was thee best I have had in Vegas. It was tender and juicy with plenty of spice and flavor.

The Mrs. chose the "hamburgesa." You may be asking yourself "why would she order a hamburger at a mexican food joint?" One bite and you just might say "this is the best hamburgesa I've ever had." I have had hamburgers at mexican restaurants before that are obviously just on the menu to satisfy someone who didn't want mexican but went along with the crowd. or was coerced by family or friends. This was anything other than your standard hamburger. The patty was handmade and seasoned to perfection. It comes on a torta style bun, complete with tomato, bacon and avocado. The french fries were crinkle style and mighty tasty. 

The menu says if you check-in on Yelp and show the waiter/waitress, you will get a free dessert. We couldn't take advantage of this, as we were stuffed and in the beginning stages of our food comas. Although nobody was seated at the bar yet, it did look like pretty cool place to hang out, catch a game on the TV and enjoy your favorite libation.

I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back to work my way through a menu that includes "Baja Style Fish Tacos", "Rib Eye Tacos" and "Carne Asada Nachos."