Hoooooooo shitttttt.

This place. Lemme tell you a bit about this place. You walk in. At first you think that you look like you don't belong here. But you do. 'Cause this place sells love. And I don't mean sex. I mean taco love. Taco love is a sacred kind of love. If you don't know about taco love, take a knee; I'm gonna tell you allllll about it. 

You start off with the carnitas. The deliciously grilled, perfectly seasoned, slightly smokey goodness of pork that just wants to be wrapped up in a tortilla and put in your mouth. While you're at it, throw in some camarones (that's shrimp for all you non-españoles). They have the tastiest saucy glaze of goodness all up in there. Cooked just right. If it were pasta, I'd have to say al dente. Then check out a little grilled steak or maybe a little al pastor. Throw a cucumber on your grilled steak if you're into that kinda thing... This is taco lovin'; everyone is different... Go ahead, get a little freaky with it. Oh and did I mention that they give you sweet, caramelized, big ole onions to do whatever with? I didn't. But now I just did. I say put them on your carne asada taco, but hey that is just the way I like to experience some down south taco love. I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say these are better than the street tacos in Rocky Point. Yes. I said it. 

The horchata is choice. Primo. ¡Excellente!

They have menudo and other stews that are served all day.

They grill the meat out back.

The salsa bar is fresh. 

The girls at the counter like to dance and have a good time, of course after they give you great service and what not. 

I could scrounge enough change (~$1.30) (!!!!!!!) to buy a taco in about two min outside of safeway - not my thing, but it could be! 

Huevos rancheros served all day too. Imagine that. Breakfast whenever. 

The cherry on top: you get the nice mexican jazz party music playing in the background too. None of that mexican country crap. The real stuff. The jams.

And that there is taco love. You finish up and leave. With a belly full of love. 

You should go here. Get some taco lovin'. Write a little yelp review about it and let the world know how good you feel.  This is the kinda love that people go to war for.

Oh and those spicy carrots from the salsa bar were not very flavorful. I dunno what it was, but they were missing something major. 

Ok, now I'm done. See ya!