I typically am not the one to leave reviews but after reading some of these 1 star comments, I feel inclined to share my opinions.

My experience at Pancho's was spectacular! It was just what I was looking for to start my weekend after a very long Friday at work. When I walked in, I felt as if I was transported to the middle of a Mexican jungle, instantly all my work stress was left at the door. The lush greenery, authentic aztec/mayan relics, stained glass windows, and beautiful water fountain created a very calming and soothing ambiance, in what was still a very busy restaurant. The wait time was brief. When I got my table, I ended up getting seated upstair. This was great because I received a wonderful view of the entire restaurant. Sitting upstair you could really get an expansive view of all the detail that went into designing this restaurant.

As soon as I sat down, I was greeted with warm chips and delicious salsa. The waiter was extremely professional and instantly introduced himself. He asked if we had been here before and then began to give us the story of Pancho's. Very interesting story, I had no idea the history and tradition of this place that dates all the way back to 1945 in Southern California. 

The menu at Pancho's is extensive. They serve classic items like a combination plate but I suggest exploring one of the many authentic dishes they have to offer. In particular their seafood section! I ended up going with Enchiladas de Langosta however the Shrimp Diabla Puffy Tacos did catch my eye. While I waited for my dinner, I ordered a Naughty Maggie Margarita (A MUST ORDER AFTER A LONG WEEK OF WORK)! This was one of the best margaritas I have had in Nevada, 3 or 4 of these and you are in for quite the night. As I finished off my chips and salsa I was quickly replenished with more before I could even ask, love this type of service! Especially when the chips and salsa are this tasty. When I received my meal, it was fresh out of the oven, the cheese was still bubbling and I was warned of the hot plate. These enchiladas were excellent, the lobster was cooked and seasoned nicely and the chipotle cream sauce stole the show. It was accompanied with delicious rice and beans. Very large portions, I was extremely full and I highly recommend this dish. 

After enjoying my dinner, I got up and headed downstairs to the bar. When I walked into the bar, I was excited to see the ample amounts of space and TVs. I sat at the bar and ordered another Naughty Maggie Margarita which was of course accompanied with some more chips and salsa! I thought I was full but ended up finding some extra room for them...I guess they were that good! The bar was perfect, comfy seating, great margs, beautiful women, and lots of sports.

As the games were ending, I noticed that a band was setting up. At this point, I was ready to leave but wanted to know what was going on. The manager, Abbott (very nice guy), informed me that there is live entertainment 7 days a week. He told me, the entertainment consist of comedy, karaoke, and live music depending on the night. I was thrilled as I knew this would be my next date spot, I mean who does not like live entertainment and strong drinks! I ended up staying to hear a few songs from the band. Classic rock cover songs, yes please!!!! 

I highly recommend Pancho's for any occasion and definitely suggest checking it out for yourself. The atmosphere alone is worth the trip!