I love tamales, so when I saw this place on Yelp, I knew I had to try it. The draw for me, besides the rating, was the selection - several types of tamales including a couple vegetarian, vegan, and dessert options. There's something for everyone! Their website also boasts, "NO lard, shortening, gluten, preservatives, MSG, soy, trans fats, high fructose corn syrup, or junk here." Fabulous!

You can place an order via telephone, e-mail, or form on their website. I really like the convenience of the electronic options and it ensures there's no miscommunication on your order. They recommend placing your order within 24-48 hours. I placed mine a day in advance and everything went very smoothly. I used e-mail and received a prompt response.

The interaction at the store was just as painless as the ordering process. The store was easy to find with the large "TAMALES" on the plaza's street sign. It's a cute shop with a counter and comfortable seating. It took a couple minutes to locate our order in the back, then we paid and that was it! 

The tamales are sold in sets of two, sealed, and labeled. I was really impressed with the packaging! We ordered two dozen and they were frozen for pick-up, which was great. Prices: Pack (2) is $5.50, 1/2 Dozen is $16, and 1 Dozen is $28. You're obviously getting the better deal with the dozen. The price difference is not vast (42 cents per tamale between the pack and dozen costs), but for each dozen, that's $5 in savings!

Heating instructions: Microwave frozen tamale wrapped in damp paper towel for four minutes (with wax paper and corn husk intact) OR steam frozen tamale for 35-40 minutes on medium heat (with wax paper and corn husk intact). I used the microwave option and it worked perfectly!

The moment of truth: How do they taste? Well, I'm sure you already guessed from my five-star rating that I'm in love. THEY'RE AMAZING! We started with the Pork Red Chile, which I was most excited since I LOVE adobada sauce and it exceeded my expectations. The masa is moist and very flavorful, all their meats (chicken, beef, pork) are tender, and the amount of sauce is perfect. Oh my gosh, the FLAVOR!! 

We also had Chicken Chipotle, Chicken Green Chile, Beef Red Chile, Tex-Mex, and Poblano Chiles & Monterey Jack. We really liked the flavor of the Chicken Chipotle and there's a little kick. Their chile verde is so, so good! I can't believe I missed Chicken Mole on the menu, so that's on my list for the next order! Favorites: Pork Red Chile, Chicken Green Chile, and Chicken Chipotle. I REALLY like the red chile, so I'm sure all the meat options taste great in it. I didn't care for the Tex-Mex one, so I'd pass on that.

I will definitely be ordering more tamales during my future trips to Arizona! Oh yes, they traveled the 300 miles well and we are still enjoying them.