When walking into the restaurant, it seems as though it's an order-to-go kind of hole in the wall place, but our party of 9 had been reassured on the phone that there was space for us without a reservation. There is actually a dining room in the back, full of people on weekends while other guests ate at the small bar. Staff was super friendly and even though our whole party wasn't there, me and two other members of the group were seated in about 5 minutes. Speaking to those of us who could speak Spanish, we got to see even more of their personality and the love that goes into this establishment.

The menu is nothing short of emotional for a starving person around 7 pm, and we ordered the nachos while we waited. They were placed over refried beans, then topped with tomatoes, chicken, queso, and thick pieces of avocado. They were delicious and recommended. Do not be scared of the pictures on the menu, they do not tell lies.

They also had a great list of imported beers for about $3.5. I indulged in a sol while a couple other members of the party explored corona and modelo options. Two of my friends ordered the horchata and we're pleased to discover it was homemade. And tasty.

 When the rest of our party arrived, we were quick to order. 7/9 of us ordered the enchiladas mole, but there were also enchiladas verdes and a chile relleno (stuffed pepper) present on the table. And lucky for me, I had ordered my boyfriend the pepper for us to share. No losses here.

When the first members of our party received their enchiladas mole, there were sighs of happiness. Two of our friends, who are Mexican, proclaimed the plate delicious. When we all finally got ours we were in agreement. The spices were just right and not overpowering, while it came out hot and accompanied by rice, a little salad, and beans.

The chile relleno was also fabulous. The pepper was quite large and cheese oozed freely when cut. The red sauce it came in complemented it well, and if you're scared of spice - don't worry.

We will be returning soon! There's so much more to try.