Call me biased but this is the best family Mex restaurant in CenPho. I have dined regularly at Pepe's Taco Villa since 1988, when I started dating one of the true Regulars of Pepe's --  and when Dora Acosta ran the kitchen and made everyone feel welcome. Luz and Jose continue this tradition of hospitality today.

We have gathered there for every type of family occasion from birthdays to graduations to weddings and even memorial. Just call and they will hook you up!

Pepe's is still a popular Sunday evening meeting place for our family scattered across the Valley. Family-friendly is a key note here, but don't discount the place as a Mexican Applebee's. You can still have a great date at night in a booth or hang out with the guys watching sports in the afternoons. Located conveniently along the Light Rail, Pepe's is true destination dining.

We have our favorites, but ask the staff about theirs, first.  

One thing is for sure: you are never guaranteed to get the same salsa twice. This is my indication of fresh ingredients and actual humans in the kitchen instead of prepackaged bags and cans. If the chiles in the salsa are fruitier or smoker on one day or another, I will adjust my order to match. 

When the salsas are spectacularly fruity or sharp with garlic, I'll order the simple crispy chicken tacos, and slather them in whatever pairs best.  If the salsas are just good, I'll order something else that comes with its own heat, like the molé enchiladas. When I'm in a naughty mood I get Tacos Rancheros with a side of sour cream and Pico de Gallo for the table.

The carnitas plate is also special, swimming in sauce.  My husband is in favor of ordering the olla beans as an upgrade from refried. The Tacos Siberia are no joke. And the burrito enchilada style is an Acosta-King family favorite.

Every member of our family has their signature dish, which means there is something for pretty much everyone.  My kid grew up cobbling together his own self-rolled burrito-wraps with a side order of rice and beans. He has since advanced to red enchiladas and burritos enchilada style. Horchata is a favorite palate-pleaser.

That was the long story. Short story? Go!