It was a morbidly cold night on a Wednesday, with wind chill it was probably 40 degrees. Which absolutely disrespected the shit out of my unprepared Southern California clothing. 

My comrade and self decided so seek shelter in a place called nacho daddy. We parked our steeds outside and approached the two far end seats of the bar "it was near empty in there". I started off as any self respecting male would. With a water on the rocks "of which I was heckled for by the bartender, but I didn't care because I was parched of my vast travels of the sema auto show. Anyway.  After looking at my menu for all of 37.4 seconds I knew the tostada nachos were the meal to warm my near lifeless body. The friendly female bartender had enough of my shenanigans after I placed my order and slid me a Miller lite across the bar and said drink up. Little did I know this Miller would be the beginning of the end. As I finished my beer my comrade decided the remainder of the night would be spent with shots. "Jameson and pickle juice". After several shots "more like 7" along with everything else I had pre gamed with at a city called New York New York. Where we traded beads to a man in a type of chair with wheels and no legs in to get directions. l knew I had fucked up. The nachos were transported from the kitchen to the bar in a backhoe that somehow they made fit in such a tiny spot. I'm not a big person by any means so these nachos made my hand look like that little person from Austin powers. I didn't know how to attack this battle without making a huge mess or drawing attention to myself. I somehow managed to rig myself a harness from napkins and straws to suspend myself from the ceiling as to not make a mess on myself. 

Lol now that you've probably read the majority of this review I'll take a second to actually say the bartender was attentive, friendly/assholeish "in a good way" and the food runners were awesome as well. I recommend sharing the mound of happiness they call food with the duggar family because I barely made a dent in it. I've been to this location several times, they never give me a reason to not come back. The company was better on Fremont, as opposed to the overpriced hooker sitting  next to me at the bar blowing her second hand dick smoke in my face.