My husband and I often joke about some of the ridiculously unreasonable reviewers on Yelp who complain about even the most minute of details. For example, I once read a review on here that said "I deducted one star because they put too much chicken on my chicken Caesar salad."

With that, I think of how my review of Tediberto's could have been written very differently if I were one of those crazy Yelpers on an Internet power trip as I did drive nearly an hour to this place, only to find it closed at 5:30pm on a Thursday.

Alas, I am not, so Tediberto's is getting a very favorable review based solely on the one employee we encountered upon trying to open the locked front door. 

We just moved from Chicago to Phoenix and had visited numerous times before, patiently waiting for the mythical Tediberto's to open. This time we noticed Yelp reviews, so we knew it was finally time to experience what we'd been waiting for - delicious vegan Mexican food. The reviews were mixed, with nearly all stating that the food was amazing, but that the reliability was lacking, what with no hours being posted and the restaurant only being open at random times. We knew we were taking a risk by driving out there, but it was absolutely a risk we were ready and willing to take.

Upon excitedly finding the restaurant, we encountered the dreaded locked doors (reviewers are right, there is no real sign out front, but luckily I know how to look at a street address on a building and use deductive reasoning to solve a mystery that was clearly too perplexing for some Yelpers).

Our journey could have ended there, but an employee inside saw us at the door and opened it to talk to us. He really didn't have to do this. I mean, how many times can you recall standing at a door after 5:00pm waiting for something that was supposed to open at 5:00pm, all while you watch the employees inside ignore your existence pending the hostess whose watch is 5 minutes slow coming up with the energy to finally open the door and acknowledge your presence on their time?

This employee was sweet, sincere, informative, helpful, and absolutely genuine in his apology. There was no way to be upset upon talking to him about the situation and why the restaurant was closed. The people inside absolutely wanted to work; it was just out of their hands.

The ultimate reason that I'm writing this review is because of what happened after. As we sat in our car trying to yelp other options for vegetarian restaurants in the area, that same employee came out of a side door and approached our car, still apologizing for what we were already good on, and offering to make us potato and chorizo tacos as he did have all ingredients present for that. For as wonderful as that sounded, we politely declined as that poor fellow had enough to worry about that night. 

For a minute or so after, we just sat there in awe at how what could have been a terrible first time at Tediberto's was spun into an amazing customer service experience thanks to that one friendly employee who answered the door.

Sign or no sign, hours posted or not - we will be back!