I, like most people, was a very faithful Revo Burrito customer and so when Mexx32 opened its doors, I was excited but skeptical... I really liked Revo with the construction paper, star lights, and bright decor...  Must be the teacher in me... 

When Mexx32 first opened I was really surprised by the expansion and the decor was really nice, very modern and hip... Everything from the light fixtures to the local art work on the walls is very well executed... I really like the bar and the wide variety of tequilas that are offered... The outdoor patio is also very elegant as well

The service: Service is very top notch here. James is one of the best servers that I have ever had. He is personable, knowledgable, and persuasive. I don't want myself to sound like a pushover but James has been very helpful in guiding me to the right dishes... While Mexx32 no longer has my favorite green chili burrito, I have really enjoyed all of the menu items that I have tried thus far... We will get to that in the food section... I have had the wonderful opportunity of meeting the owner, Lenny, and he is a total gem. I get intimidated sometimes when meeting such highly successful business owners because I am quite the foodie but Lenny was very, very charming and asked for my critiques here and there... Now I know why his businesses are so successful and I found it extremely cool that he spent the first few weeks actually working in his restaurant and checking up on people himself. The passion and love for food, owning a business, and pleasing people is something that Lenny has mastered and I am very grateful to have met him!

The food: The tacos are all very good, my favorites are the Smoked Pork, Carne Asada, and the Smoked Brisket... I believe someone told me that they got a smoker for those tacos specifically... Really good! The enchiladas combination is good too... Idk why but I don't care too much for their rice and beans (sorry)... The creamy rice just doesn't do it for me so I opt for the white rice usually... 

The staff: the staff is all very wonderful- from Lenny to Austin to Matt to the lovely female bartenders that are handling take out orders... everyone is very eager to please, what more could you ask of a restaurant?