Not getting into a debate on who has the Best Burrito, I just like the flavors and the style. I grew up in SF and had Mission Style Burritos. Not saying that this is though. But I prefer these burritos than all the other "Mexican" places around Las Vegas. I like the Steamed Tortilla and their 3-Cheese Queso Sauce, if you like Spicy, then try their Diablo Queso.

What's nice about Qdoba is that Add-Ons or Extras are all now part of one set price, which is nice. Because I like for them to add both regular Queso and Diablo Queso, and of course Guacamole.

The amount of food you get in a burrito can keep you full all day. The the taste has been pretty consistent so far, haven't had a bad experience and I've been here several times, well it's the only Qdoba on the SW side of town that I know about.

The staff is Always Friendly and Helpful. The Manager has been here for years and I've not only seen here during the Day shift, but a few times at Night, but I'm usually here during the day since I work close by, but also don't live too far either. She been really nice and friendly. One evening several years back, my family and I were having dinner and there was a fiasco with the New Cook, which started to a fire and started to fill smoke into the restaurant. She apologized several times, and for the safety of my family, decided to cut dinner short, the manager came outside to apologize again,and offered us Free meals the next time we came in, however we never took up the offer, because it had been awhile before we came back, technically since I came back, my wife is not too fond of their food, she picky.

But, as I said, I frequent this place since I work close by. I typically get the burrito with Chicken, White Rice, Pinto Beans, both Queso sauces, Cheese, Sour Cream, Guacamole, maybe Pico and Lettuce, in a Flour Tortilla.

I've tried their other dishes and they were pretty good too, but I like Burritos. They now have the new Custom Coke Soda Fountain Machine. The restaurant has always been clean and tidy. Sometimes parking can be an issue during the lunch rush, so I take lunch at around 11:30 to beat the rush, it's mainly because of the several of other restaurants in that strip mall.

Tip: Complete the Receipt Survey, you get Free Chips and Salsa! The Chips are infused with Lime and Salt and are so tasty and they give you Bag Full of Chips too!