I don't know any history about the Berto stuff.  I've had Fili and Eri.  
I like Eri better.
Been here maybe 6 times for lunch.  

One reason I like this place is the prices.  I can get way too full and for under $5.  Their burritos top out at $4.99 so that's some good cheap eatin'.

It can cost a dollar, but if it tastes like a dollar then its still no good.  So the main reason I love this place is because everything I've gotten here has tasted like gold nuggets.  

First thing I got was the nachos.  'Big' is too few letters in a word to describe the serving size.  3 people can eat off that thing easily...and I mean 3 of ME.  Loaded, man.  The meat (think I got carne asada) was juicy and tender and ALL OVER THE PLACE...under chips, in the corner, at the bottom, etc.  Not just a few strips of meat on top then fluff to fill it out.  That order of nachos was the best I've ever had from anywhere.

Then I got a two tacos - carne asada and abodaba (or whatever).  Again, the serving size was way more than enough for a big guy and there was enough meat and goodie falling off of each taco, that you could make two new tacos.  And oh man, the taste.  Once again - juicy, tender, mondo flavorful.  Just crazy good.

The next few times, I stuck with those taco choices, then I tried the breakfast burrito.  Sweet heavens.  I don't even like breakfast burritos, but this one is a must whenever I'm in the office on a weekend early.  Huge.  Like "that's what she said" huge.  Heavy.  Chock full.  Juicy.  I honestly haven't had anything that perfect for breakfast before.  This will either keep you going until dinner, or put you to sleep until dinner.  Actually, I don't remember exactly what was in it, but it was everything good.  Everything good.

Finally, the king of all things.  Carnitas.  First time I got a carnitas burrito from here, I danced.  I wanted to sing but...no.  No exaggeration - this was the best burrito I've ever had in my life.  And it was really due to the meat.  Crispy pork that's tender and juicy at the same time?  C'mon now.  I have no choice but to love it.  I would just end up picking the meat out just savor how wonderful the texture and flavor were.  This was my first experience with carnitas and now I haven't ordered anything but carnitas this and carnitast that since.  Today I had two crispy shell carnitas tacos.  Again, I danced.  

If there is carnitas out there that tastes better than this, I must find it.  I must be informed.  Anyone reading this review is now obligated to update me, because you will fall and break your spleen if you don't.

Cheap.  Huge portions.  Perfectly tasty.  This place is a winner.  And I like it way better than the other berto thing.  And drive thru.  Yep.