Eva's is a longtime family-owned restaurant business that has operated a location on Sunland Gin Rd for years. They recently built and opened a new location on Pinal Ave in Casa Grande.

The first thing anyone would notice about the new location is the striking architecture and decor. There is a giant sculpture on the roof near the front entrance that is reminiscent of an onion dome but it is made of decorative glass and metal. The remainder of the building has other interesting decor and architecture; they really went all-out on this project and it shows. Words cannot do it justice. It's no Guggenheim, but it's definitely bound to become a Casa Grande landmark.

When discussing the food and service, I have to begin by contrasting it with that of the older Sunland Gin location. The older location is borderline notorious for its slow service (although the food is worth it) and none of the waitstaff ever seemed particularly friendly to me. At the new location, they seem to have developed a new system for cranking out fresh food (same recipes) and, lo and behold, hiring friendly and efficient staff. Believe me when I say that Casa Grande is not known as a hub of good customer service, so this is no small accomplishment. From the smiles that welcome you when you walk in to the waitstaff, everyone is... great. I've been to the new location about 20 times and I've never had a bad experience.

The food is exceptional. A lot of Mexican food is available in Casa Grande and the recipes at Eva's destroy all of it. Some of their house specialties can get a bit pricey, pushing the $20 price point. There are plenty of options for under $10, though. Since we have kids, I also judge a restaurant by their kids' menu--do they have some good, creative offerings there, or do they just shovel the same cheeseburger/chicken strips/mac 'n' cheese as everyone else? Eva's has an original and thoughtful kids' menu, and they will custom make anything you can describe. Does your rugrat want a tostada with guacamole, beans, and lettuce? No problem.

Eva's also has live entertainment on weekends in the form of roaming mariachi bands and then a DJ later at night. There is a full bar area, a full dining room, and a smaller separate dining room that probably can be reserved for parties. There is an outdoor seating area as well with an outdoor fireplace. It's all gorgeous. If you're ever passing through on your way to or from Phoenix and Tucson, do yourself a favor.