I've been to a lot of Losbetos in Arizona...from Tucson to Sedona. My ONLY gripe about this one is the fact that they don't have churros on their menu. 

My staple food is carne asada burritos. In general, Losbetos usually stuffs these burritos with a pound of meat, some guacamole, and small amount of pico. This location goes above and beyond these portions, while still providing outstanding taste. 

This small, family-operated joint doesn't provide inside eating, but does have a drive-thru and outside seating. Five stars for taste.

Regarding previous reviewer post---------------------------------

In regards to the nachos being soaked in grease and tasting like rubber...really guy? What did you expect? Everybody knows that take-out nachos are gonna taste like rubber...even if their in the bag for a few minutes. 

Giving two stars and disregarding a cardinal rule seems illogical.

An example of integrity-----------------------------------------

Perhaps it's from experiences in SE Asia where I grew accustomed to  watching my food being cooked at the local stands...it's something I enjoy watching and has become somewhat comforting knowing how my food was cooked. Watching my food cook from this location's drive-thru always brings back nostalgia. 

Previous this week I went to Losbetos and, as usual, left a small tip. After work, I decided to go back to this location. Once I got there, the owner looked at me and then smiled. He asked whether or not I had lost my credit card. I quickly looked in my wallet and sure enough it wasn't there. He laughed and handed me my lost card stating that I must have dropped it in the drive-thru. He explained that he tried looking for my name in the phone book. 

Even though he said "It's no big deal...all I had to do was pick it up and put it in here (pointing to his cashier)." I explained that he was right, it wasn't a big deal...it was a HUGE deal. I thanked him for his efforts and have now become a loyal, life-time fan of this location. 

Honest. Good food. Great people.