The first thing you need to know about Don Jose is that it's closed. It shut down after 40-plus years in December of '07. The second thing you need to know is that Don Jose was the greatest Mexican Food restaurant on God's green earth. Oh, you could quibble with me about our definitions--what constitutes true Mexican food, etc, etc. Don Jose was, by most standards, a dive--a simple, no-frills, insanely inexpensive dining experience in a 60-year old former IHOP. The style of Mexican food they served was what we rare Arizona natives call "Sonoran", but what some others call "gringo"--cheese crisps instead of "quesidillas", hard-shell tacos and tostadas, etc, etc. There were no sprouts or carrots or squid or catfish or organic cage-free okra on the menu; the burritos contained shredded beef or beans, lots of cheese, and they had a side menu of American favorites--burgers, grilled cheese, fries, the works. The interior was decorated on a $10 budget circa 1964 and it stayed that way until they closed the joint; the red rotary phone still hangs behind the huge 1940s cash register. 

It didn't matter what you ordered. It was all staggeringly good. There was no single item on the menu more than $4. The salsa was a mind-altering trip to an altered dimension where everything was made of delicious. The week they closed, they had lines around the block and wait times pushing three hours. I ate 36 cheese tacos in the space of 12 days. And 12 cheese crisps. And 8 burritos. And 20 bowls of chips. I'm still on the treadmill working it off, my arteries may never recover and I don't care. When they closed I felt like somebody in my family had died. Sadly, the owner decided to retire to spend more time with his family. What am I, chopped liver? I ate there for 25 years! I AM family, dammit!

I swiped a menu. Sometimes, late at night, I clutch it to my chest and sob. Maybe I can find a therapist who serves cheese tacos.

Your only other alternative for truly spectacular Mexican food in the Phoenix area is La Perla in Glendale--another classic family-owned place that opened in the 40s (and honestly, far more authentic and flavorful--but for me, not quite "home".) Go there at once. Quick, before it's replaced by some horrible strip-mall fresh-Mex garbage.