I have been putting off writing a review for a couple of months. Let me first start off by saying that I went to Yayo's a week ago and they are now CLOSED.  Everything was packed up-no sign or life could be seen in the restaurant.  I tried calling the place but the phone just rang and rang.

I am not sure why they closed but it could be the fact that there was no one ever in the place when my bf and I went there.  I was surprised by the lack of patrons on our previous visits since it was so close to UNLV.  I literally cried myself to sleep b/c they have the most delicious street tacos ever!  

Ambience/Service:
You order at the counter and pay.  It is very reasonably priced.  $2-$4 a taco depending on if  classico or loco tacos are ordered.  The sodas are canned 12 oz and they will give you a plastic cup of ice if you ask.  You then take a seat at one of their many tables. They are all big wood tables and benches that back to other tables.  So if you want privacy or elbow room, then you won't get any...but again we were there when no one else was and had the place to ourselves.  The food comes out pretty quickly.

Food:
Now back to my review of the food in case they ever reopen...

As I have said, I have been there a handful of times and tried most of the meat tacos.  My bf tried the shrimp tempura taco since I don't eat seafood.  Here's a rundown of the tacos we've had:

Carne Molida- hands down the best taco for me.  This is their crown jewel!  It is a finely ground beef taco with a roasted bell pepper balsamic crudo.  You would never think that this would belong in a Mexican dish and I was really skeptical b/c balsamic vinegar can be very acidic.  However, it was delicious. I could eat it everyday and I am not joking!!!

Carne Asada- just ok.  Nothing was special about it. On one occasion, the meat was very burnt b/c they had left the tray on the burner too long I believe.  I brought the taco to gentleman that had taken our order to let him know it was burned.  He politely took it from me and asked if he could taste it.  I said yes, of course and he apologized when he realized it was in fact burned.  He replaced it with another taco of my choosing.  

Camarones- my bf said he thought it was pretty good and that the shrimp was not battered to heavily and it was not soggy.  He said he would probably stick with the fish taco instead.

Pescado- my bf had this and said that the fish tasted fresh and the slaw on top was good.  Nothing really stood out but it wasn't bad either.

Carnitas- pretty amazing and they added pineapple salsa.  The meat was not fatty at all (some people like that but I don't).  The meat was also finely shredded, which I prefer.  

Texano- again just ok. Not something I would order again.

Sicilian- great! Chicken with pesto and the red bell pepper crudo...again, you think that this has no place in a taco but it was excellent! I would order this again.

Bombay- I am not crazy about Indian food but I found that curry flavor to be very mild.  My bf on the other hand loves Indian food and thought it was a great taco.

Shanghai- Again, I am not crazy about ethnic food but it was still delicious and I would not turn my nose up at this if someone presented it to me.  The wasabi crema was very mild and it was not spicy at all...and that's coming from a wuss that can't handle spicy foods.

Sides- we only ever got the chips and salsa.  The chips appear to be made in house are thick and served with a pico de gallo salsa.  They don't give you a ton of chips but I still think they are more filling than thin ones.  They do serve other sides like black rice and beans but I never got a chance to try them:(


So sad that they are now closed but I hope that they will reopen soon.