I've been meaning to go to Cabo Fish Taco for many moons and never got around to it. NoDa, despite all it has to offer, is not a neighborhood I frequent. On this night a group of us were celebrating Becky's birthday and our original destination was actually Heist Brewery. The friendly staff at Heist told us that we had a two hour wait so we decided to skip Heist since we were all pretty hungry.

Cabo was packed, and originally we were told there was a 20 minute wait. Fortunately they told us the bar was open so we opted for that option. Ultimately we ended up eating at the bar since we didn't want to wait for a table.

The atmosphere is cool and hipster, not unlike anything else you'd expect in NoDa. The décor was great and the restaurant is ample. I especially loved the ceilings which had been untouched for quite some time and still had the original 
The first thing they brought us was this corn-based pico de gallo-style salsa. I've never seen this style of salsa with so much corn but it was great. For my taste though, I could have done with 50% less corn and add maybe a little bit of cabbage instead. Chips were nice too, nothing special.

I ordered the wasabi tuna burrito which was excellent. No complaints at all. It would have never occurred to me to wrap those ingredients and wrap them in a flour tortilla to make them a burrito but it was one of the better dishes I've had lately. The wasabi was there... boom! Front and center in every bite. My tuna was perfectly cooked with a lot of pink in the middle and the avocado sent the whole thing to rock stardom.

Becky ordered the same but in taco form.

The beer selection was decent, as many other eateries in the area they seem to have dedicated a few tabs to local/regional breweries which is always nice to see (although lately it seems that our own loyalty to the local/regional breweries is limiting the availability of other small/medium breweries, oh well). I had one of Birdsong's Jalapeño Pale Ale (what else will you have with a wasabi tuna burrito?!).

Loved Cabo Fish Taco and want to go back to try more of their dishes!