Los Reyes de la Torta (LRdlT) was my family's 3rd stop in our quest to try Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives and Man vs Food restaurants in the Phoenix/Scottsdale, AZ area.  My family loved the DDD restaurants we experienced and LRdlT was going to be our one and only M vs F restaurant to try.  If there are any other Yelpers looking for a M vs F restaurant to eat at in Phoenix, LRdlT must be your 1st stop.

LRdlT is located in a mini strip mall.  At first glance, you probably would question how one of the best sandwiches could be cooked here because the restaurant looked simple and unassuming.  Highly recommend that you arrive around 5pm to beat the dinner rush.  The restaurant is not too big and the secret is out about how great the food is at LRdlT.  If you come after 6pm, expect to wait and you'll be jealous watching the lucky people eat some delicious, mouth-watering authentic Mexican food.  How do you gauge whether a Mexican restaurant has legit food?  Mexicans frequent the restaurant.  As we were eating, the waiting area filled up with Mexican brothers and sisters from another mother.

A Mexican torta is a sandwich with such Mexican meats as carne asada, pollo asada, carnitas, etc.  Adam Richman of Man vs Food fame introduced me to the Del Rey and the King Carlos V tortas.  If you want to accept the food challenge Adam performed on the show, you'll have to eat the humongous King Carlos in 15 minutes.  If you're successful, you won't have to pay the $25 for the sandwich.  No thanks, the Del Rey was more than enough for my overstuffed belly.  If you want a filling and very tasteful samwich, the Del Rey will make you thank Adam Richman out loud.  The Del Rey is comprised of ham, melted cheese, pork sirloin, breaded beef, refried beans, hotdog meat, chorizo, omelette, tomato, onions, avocado, and chipotle sauce, all squeezed between soft, nicely toasted bread.  This conglomeration of meat, milk, bread, and vegetables will satisfy all food groups and your daily caloric intake in just one sitting.  To be honest, I probably could have finished the entire sandwich, but I split it with the wifey to save room for our other food excursions while on vacation.  You honestly can't fathom how amazing this torta is until you experience it yourself.  Ask for the grilled onions and jalapenos, which complement the torta.  To help the food go down, a must order is the watermelon agua fresca.  This will satisfy your thirst.

Why oh why do my best food ever reside in places other than San Diego.  Adam Richman, you got it right recommending Los Reyes de la Torta.  The Del Rey was so worth sacrificing my slim waistline.  Until we meet again Del Rey, I'll be dreaming of how much I enjoyed engulfing you.