I have not been to any Rubio's in a long time. I used to go so often that the manager at the location near where I lived (Keith at Power & Baseline) used to know my name and my order and as soon as I walked in he'd call back to the cooks to get some Mahi going. It was great back then. I moved away from the area and have since tried different locations. My last few trips to different Rubio's locations were pretty disappointing.

Today, that changed!

I was at work and needed to grab something fairly quick. I decided to give Rubio's another shot. I'm glad I did. Most of the staff was clearly new, because the manager, I believe he said his name was Will, was sort of micro-managing everyone. At first I thought maybe he was just a jerk of a boss. Then it became obvious that he was doing it because it was necessary. He double checked every single order that came out of the kitchen and corrected the cooks (nicely) on whatever wasn't just right. I liked that. It assured me that quality control measures were in place and that he was making sure that the staff learned how things need to be done.

The young man at the counter was very new and he seemed nervous at first but the manager kept giving him pointers and pep talks about getting orders correct and asking questions if he needed to. The kid did a great job, and even made helpful suggestions to me when I couldn't decide things about my order. He did great.

I was not only impressed with the staff, but the food was great this time! It was better than I've had at Rubio's in a LOOOONG time. It's how I remember things being years ago when I frequented Rubio's multiple times a week. I switched it up from the Mahi to the new Tilapia tacos and they were delicious. They were a good size, and the fillings were generous like they used to be. The last few times I had been to Rubio's the tacos were really sad and hardly had any fish in them. This time they were perfect and fresh.

There were only a few things I didn't like, but none that would keep me from going back:
1-the wait time was kind of long. However, I'd rather have freshly prepared food, that is made correctly, than to have something quick and be disappointed, so I let that slide completely.
2-the limes in the salsa bar were a little sad. You can tell when sliced limes have been sitting because they get brown around the edges of the peel...that's how these were. Fresh limes would've been nice. 
3-the bathroom smelled gross. It was very small and didn't seem well ventilated. I don't necessarily think it was dirty, but it definitely didn't smell good. Perhaps a better fan or an air freshener of some kind might help.

For the people who talk about the management change, Will did mention to me that he has only been at that location since March, so if you went before that and had a bad experience, maybe give it another shot because I thought it was great today.  :)