1416. In case you were wondering that's how many miles it is from the Madison to the border of Mexico. You could drive that, or just dine right here in Madison for authentic Mexican cuisine. 

I want to paint a picture in your mind. You are driving down Park street and you see this very small looking building out your window with a name you can't pronounce. Unless you found it on yelp and were searching for it you might miss it.  You walk in and see an open kitchen, a dinner style bar for guest, and a back dining room.  The smell hits your nose like the first flower of spring. You can see the fresh ingredients being used, you can see them cooking everything.  You have arrived at Taqueria Guadalajara.

Everything about my lunch here was top notch. The price, the food, the friendliness when I pronounced a dish wrong. Even the fresh salsa and tri-colored tortilla chips they give you as soon as you sit down. Let's do the Durley breakdown. 

Food: Trying to pick something was the hardest thing I've done all week. I settled on two tacos and the chilli relleno. 
Tacos: I ordered one tripa (intestine) and one Lengua (beer tongue) Onions and fresh cilantro were topped on both with a double warm, homemade, yes that's right homemade, corn tortilla. (Very important to me that they used corn and not flour) The meat on both tacos was so juicy and flavorful. I was really impressed with the Lengua. I strongly recommend you try it. Seriously, get out of your comfort zone and put some tongue on your tongue!  
Chilli Relleno: This was a good sized plate for the price. One chilli, a side of beans, Mexican rice,  and lettuce,tomatoes. The chilli itself was cooked to perfection and the filling? Oh my, oh my, oh my. Topped off with the homemade sauce.... Can I just move into the basement please? The beans were great. More refried beans style but a little runny so they stayed moist. The rice was not dry at all which was a huge plus, not over or undercooked, just the way momma use to make it ;) 

Drinks: Soda, imported beer, specialty drinks, and of course, my favorite soda, pineapple Jarrito. 

Price: This is the best part. Its so inexpensive for the quality of ingredients. 
Taco ~ $2
Chilli Relleno ~ $7 

I strongly encourage you to try this fabulous place if you want some authentic Mexican cuisine without driving 1,416 miles.