Went to Texicali yesterday for dinner before the Eddie Griffin comedy show in the Comedy Zone. There's a direct entrance from the restaurant to the Comedy Club so it's a great spot to get dinner before the show and hang out for drinks after.

We ordered the Yucca Fries as an appetizer. I love fried yuca so I was very skeptical of how good these would be. To my surprise, they were delicious. The right amount of crisp on the outside but very soft on the inside, exactly how they should be.

For the main courses, wife ordered the Enchilada/Quesadilla combo and I had the Chicken Zarape. The chicken was delicious and the bites I had of my wife's meal was very good as well. My wife ended up eating most of my cilantro rice and kept remarking on how much she was enjoying it. She ordered the Texicali Margarita and I ordered a Blue Moon. Suprisingly, there's no Blue Moon, but the waitress recommended a "Day of the Dead" Hefeweizen, which is a comparable wheat beer. I was surprised at the level of detail where even the brand of the beers match up with the "Day of the Dead" motif throughout the place. 

There's definitely been a lot of thought put into the decor and ambiance of this place, from the skeleton greeting you up front, to the flaming Harley in the bar, to the skull designs seemingly implanted into the walls. It's a very cool southwest theme and made me feel like I was in a Robert Rodriguez movie. An added bonus was a great house band playing blues music throughout the night.

The best part, the waitress was conscious enough to know that we had to finish and pay before the start of the comedy show downstairs. It was timed perfectly and we made it to our seats in the Comedy Zone just a couple of minutes before the show started. During the comedy show, we noticed that the menu downstairs is a limited version of what's being served upstairs. We ordered a brownie and tres leches dessert and both were delicious.

Overall, the mix of good southwestern food, good drinks and then good comedy made for a great night!