"Macayo's is serving up the most white-washed Mexican food I've ever tasted"

I couldn't agree with Cassandra B any more... except I think that is awesome. Look when I decide to get authentic Mexican food here are a list of places I don't look:

1. Summerlin
2. End of list

Growing up in Minnesota Taco Bell is "too ethnic" for my tastes so Macayo fits the bill for me perfectly. Add in its a 10 minute drunken stumble... err, walk home and I couldn't be happier. 

I think you have to compare Macayo to other similar restaurants- Macayo is not as good as border grill, but it is WAY better than say Cantina Laredo or just about every other Tex Mex style restaurant in the state. So for those of you who don't authenticity check every restaurant you go to, here is the guide to Macayo for n00bs

Step 1: Margaritas. They have lots of them, frozen or on the rocks. Get at least 3

Step 2: Trio Dip- I love Queso. By Queso I mean the white cheese dip you get at some Mexican restaurants. Las Vegas appears to be a Queso wasteland (BTW if you are reading this and you know where to get White Cheese dip- NOT QUESO FUNDIDO thats gross- please send me a message and you can have my first born... and any other born for that matter). Macayo does not have traditional white queso but they do have yellow cheese dip that is certainly passable in a pinch. The trio comes with this dip, bean dip, and a combo cheese/spinach dip that is shockingly good. I say shockingly because who would ever think to ruin perfectly good cheese by adding spinach? Sorry popeye but that vile weed has no place on a plate destined for human consumption. I digress. Anywhoo you should be finishing your second margarita by the time you polish off this dip trio

Step 3: Entrees. They have a really big menu, however, there are only 2 correct choices of food to order; Fajitas or a Chimichanga. Lets start with the fajitas- not the best I've had but you get a crapload of pretty good food for the money. No real complaints. The chimi- these are really good. For those of you who don't know a Chimichanga is a burrito that is then fried, like french fries or anything edible in the south. They have a few different chimichangas but to be honest you should be on Marg 3 at this point and the subtle differences will probably be lost on you. 


Step 4: If still conscious, return to step 1 and rinse/repeat.


Some people have said "the salsa is bad". They are exaggerating, its certainly passable. I have no idea if they make it in house or not ( I would guess not) but... its the free salsa you get at the beginning of the meal, its really not that important. 

Others have said the service is bad, it never has been for me. I have been several times during busy hours and while the servers aren't like all over the place I never go more than a few minutes without water in my glass or chips on the table.