Not your typical restaurant visit, so possibly not a typical review!
We had worked hard all day landscaping and really only wanted to celebrate a bit over some margaritas. Didn't want to go out for dinner and planned on just picking up some carry out from Qdoba's down the street (though my hubby doesn't care for rice burritos), so we called in an order of chicken enchiladas and shredded beef enchiladas on our way to Great Dane. We walked in and saw Laredo's had a nice bar, and so of course we had margaritas there...ordered a whole pitcher as we knew that was the cheapest option since we planned on having at least a couple each!
The chips and salsa showed up immediately and the hostess/waitress/bartender brought our enchiladas out before our margaritas were ready. Okay, check. Set those aside for when we get home. We then proceeded to thoroughly enjoy about four medium sized margaritas each (for about $19, which is a little over $2 for a very delicious and perfect tequila portioned drink!!). We were worried that the enchiladas might not be enough food so we threw in an order of burritos, one chicken/one shredded beef, for about $7 total. They packed chips and salsa with each bag of food, so we got a bag with the enchiladas and another with the burritos.
We walked out very happy in that we probably spent less on food than the rice-packed burritos at the Qrobus down the street (6 enchiladas = $13, 2 burritos = $7).
Now the taste test, as we used to visit Laredo's on Whitney for lunch often, but my hubby always found them boring and that same-old-Mexican food.
We should have stopped ordering at the enchiladas. Why - Because they were three very large enchiladas and more than enough for a meal!! We had the burritos the next night and they were both huge...and delicious, even being a day old!!!
What can I say, sometimes a place just exceeds your expectations. My hubby wants to go back because he has a crush on that hostess/waitress/bartender lady as well. Yeah, she was cute, and she knew her stuff.
Not the best Mexican food in the world, and maybe five stars is overboard, but on one of those nights when it all clicked and was exactly (and more) than we hoped - bravo!