bar none the best meal to be had in Scottsdale.

full disclosure: I'm not a chronic yelper - so if I'm taking the time to yelp, it's not mere hyperbole. perhaps you won't find the read to be quick - but at the very least, helpful.

please note: this is not mexican, rather a south american / latin restaurant. So, although you should enjoy a perfectly executed margarita - don't come here expecting sombreros and chimmichangas.

the vibe: wonderfully dark - possibly romantic depending on your company - I might even go so far as to suggest it as chic.

the food: table side guacamole, fresh, tasty and lovingly prepared. a quad tasting of salsas. each unique from its brethren. and not just the usual temperature shift, rather each highlighting its respective complex notes of flavor. PORK SHOULDER TACOS. Ridiculous and insanely delicious. Succulent, moist meat that shreds at the mere sight of a fork. tiny homemade tortillas (perhaps the best i have had) sit atop salt bricks. these are ready to be filled with fresh cilantro, micro diced red onion, pearly white cheese and finished with a drizzle of barbecue sauce. Although sheer gluttony would have dictated that i finish this dish alone - I shared it with my wife as it was "for two". It was absolutely enough portion for both. Our server was attentive, and quick to replenish tortillas and the aforementioned fixings. dessert - although the name escapes me... I won't soon forget this luxe pumpkin bread pudding soaking in a bath of carmely butterscotch. My wife and I found ourselves mirthful and giggling at our good fortune - as if we were in on something private and a little too good... kind of like finding $100 on the ground and smiling at the sight of no one around as you stuff the bills in your front pocket.

the service: Our server, Hartley was super chill - knowledgeable - attentive - respectful - helpful - and kind. I mention kind, because of his response when I expressed to him my disappointment with the experience. Disappointment in the fact that I'll probably never be in Scottsdale again - and therefore never dine at the mission. He passed that sentiment along to the chef, who in turn flipped us an additional dessert: a crazy cinnamon milkshake with dark, warmed sugar-cinnamon dough thingies on the side. Wow.

A PERFECT dining experience.

Tip: save your money on an upscale place like Lon's at Hermosa and go to the Mission two or three times for the same price.