I have eaten at Barrio Cafe in Phoenix, which I like but I love Barrio Queen. This place is amazing, if you are looking for a nice blend of creative dishes with a hint of authenticity, this place is it.  The place is very nice, great location, I suggest reservations if you are going on a weekend night as it gets busy.  They are very accommodating to large parties, the most we have had is 6 but I have seen larger parties of 10 or more.  Guacamole is great! Made at your table, with figs and pomegranate, a creative take on guacamole. I have the tacos, pollo tacos are awesome.  Perfectly marinated.  My husband prefers their menudo (only served on weekends) or shrimp tacos.  We ask for the same server every time, Miguel, he is AWESOME.  Very friendly and attentive wait staff, considering how busy the place gets but given reviews about service, we like to stick to who we know.  Miguel knows us on a first name basis and knows what foods we like, he makes it a point to make recommendations based on our likes and dislikes.  Which goes a long way in our book!  They have a new manager, which I had never met the prior manager but the new manager made it a point to introduce himself to every table and check on everyone.  We sit, enjoy a chelada and eat food, surrounded by friendly people, can't beat that! Again, you have to have an "open" pallet, it is not your run of the mill "authentic" Mexican food. It is an original interpretation of Mexican dishes.  I have seen some mentions about no salsa, there is salsa, homemade roasted chili salsa, it's good and I have had it served with my chips.  Also, the statements about no sides, such as beans or rice with your tacos, that is correct, there are no sides.  That has not bothered me, I can order 3 tacos and feel fed and full , but if your someone who needs to feed an empty pit, 3 street tacos are probably not going to do it for you.  I have taken my sister and her husband to dinner, my sister loved it, her husband had a torta and did not care for it but admitted it was a bit "too creative" for him.  If you want authentic, homemade, simple ingredients Mexican, I recommend Casa Reynoso in Tempe.
P.S. their (Barrio) margaritas are darn near perfect! They also serve Victoria on tap, which I don't see too often.