Stopped at this Taco Bell at around 9pm on a Friday on the way to a trip in Parker, Arizona. This was just off the highway so we thought we would grab a few snacks here. After all, it is Taco Bell and we always know what we want here. So we parked, used the facilities, and then got in line to order. 

There were three younger teenagers (maybe 15 at the oldest) that were in front of us ordering. They requested water cups for some free water. The moment they got out of line they went and started to get soda. To my surprise, a manager walked over and politely told them they could have water with those cups, but not soda. One kid got "huffy" and the manager asked them to give him the cups or they could leave the restaurant for the night. They gave the cups over and ate in peace. This was actually quite interesting, but I appreciated that (1) the rules were followed for those of us that pay for the fountain drinks and (2) that there was a manager on scene to deal with issues like this. It is always good to see the manager doing something. 

We ordered several smaller items off of the dollar menu and a few cheaper things. Nothing fancy. I actually hate sour cream so I asked the cashier if they could make a few items for me without sour cream. You'd be amazed how many times they say they can do this and then forget. But not here -- everything I ordered had no sour cream. In fact, as a big moment of customer service, they told me they would add a little extra cheese sauce to some of the things I ordered to compensate for no sour cream. Wow! That was nice -- not asked for, but totally amazing in my opinion and it made everything extra yummy. 

One member in our group is a vegetarian and got some of the cheese quesadillas and some bean and rice burros. She was satisfied with everything and said this was one of the better tasting bean burros she had from a Taco Bell recently. 

Of course, the Mountain Dew Baja Blast was delicious. There was an employee that came by and was wiping down the machine area, picking up any messes, and then was walking around and wiping down the tables. Overall, the place looked a lot cleaner than I have seen some Taco Bell's while on the road. I really appreciated that everyone seemed to be doing something. Even the kids that had their free water cups taken away were enjoying themselves. We didn't even have to wait long for food. 

My traveling group really liked this place. We will definitely be back!