I practically grew up in San Diego so I'm Very Familiar with Roberto's. This location is one of the best in town. They're pretty consistent with their food, and that's really important for me. If I had one negative thing to say, the Rolled Tacos are a bit different from the ones I remember having in San Diego, and I don't know what it is, but that doesn't stop me from ordering them still. I love the Chicken Burrito, the stewed chicken is delicious. I recently tried the Beef, not the Carne Asada but the Stewed Shredded Beef is really good, but of course their Carne Asada is still a classic! I also recently tried their Taco Salad Special which is a great value for the amount of food you get, plus a drink. But if you catch their Daily Specials, then you are definitely getting the Best Bang for your Buck! Mondays is Chicken Burrito Combo day, Tuesdays is Big Breakfast Burrito day, try the Chorizo! Wednesdays is $.99 Tacos! Plus they have tons of Everyday Values to choose from. Pretty much you can't go wrong if you're Craving Mexican Food! And if it's 3am and you've got the Munchies then you're in luck because they are Open! Also for my NorCal friends, the California Burrito is no where near the same or close to the Burritos we are used to, these ones have Potatoes inside, pretty much all the Burritos here just have only meat; the Rice, Beans, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Sour Cream, Cheese, and Guacamole are All Extra! So don't make the mistake of ordering their California Burrito and thinking you are getting a Mission-Style NorCal Burrito. I pretty much add the extras which come pretty close to the price of the burritos you would pay in NorCal anyways. Now you may be wondering why I would say I practically grew up in SD but know a lot about NorCal, I'm originally from SanFran, but have relatives in SD and spent my Summer and Spring Breaks in SD and for a time Lived in SD at the Golden Triangle, where my closest Roberto's was on Miramar, Yup, near Top Gun! "I feel the Need, the Need for some Yummy Mexican Food!" Haha, I'm so Corny!