This is a review of the UYE: Steppin' Out Northwest-KoMex Fusion Feast. Twelve Yelpers arranged around one large and one small booth enjoyed superior Korean-Mexican fusion cuisine. The seating was comfortable, the companionship convivial, and the food fresh, delicious, and somewhat unique. Most diners ordered various varieties of fusion tacos and burritos. Although the contents of tacos could have been ordered to be wrapped in either lettuce or corn tortillas, pretty much everyone opted for tortillas. I ordered one Bulgogi Burrito and a single Bulgogi Taco, figuring that I could always order more if still hungry after consuming the initial foodstuffs. Because the restaurant proprietors were kind enough to supply all hungry Yelpers with generous portions of complimentary Guacamole Dip and thick and tasty corn Tortilla Chips as well as large Vegetable Egg Rolls with a spicy and fruity Sweet & Sour Sauce, I was well satisfied after downing my burrito and taco. So, no refills of food were needed. 

The Guacamole Dip was smooth and tasty. Besides the avocado there were onions, cilantro, and pieces of red tomato. The very crunchy Tortilla Chips were slightly orange in color and obviously homemade. The Vegetable Egg Roll was soft to the touch, filled with assorted fresh vegetables, and crunchy upon contact with the teeth. Although pretty tame itself, when dipped in the Sweet & Sour Sauce, the contrasts of sweet, sour, and spicy flavors made the taste buds dance. 

My Bulgogi Taco chiefly consisted of marinated and lean shredded beef and cabbage resting upon two corn tortillas which, enhanced with a choice of Korean Hot Sauce, Mexican Hot Sauce, or KoMex Fusion Hot Sauce, were easily foldable to bring the whole tasty package to the mouth. The marinade--a shade lower in intensity than Teriyaki Sauce--added a nice saucy flavor to the mix. 

The quite large Bulgogi Burrito featured a warm and soft flour tortilla encasing generous amounts of nicely marinated shredded beef and vegetation, primarily cabbage. It, too, was delicious upon contact, and taken up a notch by a few drops of hot sauce. I experimented with all three fresh hot sauce offerings (they were not presented in bottles), and found the Mexican Hot Sauce to be hottest and the KoMex fusion Hot Sauce to be the mildest. Of the three, I ultimately preferred the latter. 

At one point I did feel sorry for some of my table-mates, because the kitchen took so much care cooking our orders obviously from scratch that they dribbled out one by one, and a few Yelpers did not receive their food until after most of us had already finished eating. Misti Y. gave the go-ahead for us to begin eating as soon as hot food arrived, with the admonition that if the food is cold proper Yelp etiquette is to wait for others' orders to arrive but if hot it is appropriate to begin eating right away. Thank goodness for that sage advice, or there would have been some ice cold food on the tables! 

The setting of the restaurant is unassuming, like that of a typical fast-food establishment. But who cares? It is a very comfortable environment in which to enjoy first-rate fusion tacos and burritos that are decidedly not fast food. Orders here are carefully prepared and individually assembled, yielding unquestionably five-star-quality casual cuisine. I tasted not a bit of fat mixed in with the tender, flavorful meat. I must return soon to sample other diverse Chinese, Korean, Mexican, and fusion offerings listed in the expansive menu. 

Many thanks go to KoMex Fusion Express for being so hospitable; to Nelson Q for arranging and hosting this fusion feast; and to Misti for the classy Yelp playing cards which I absent-mindedly left on a table later in the day at The Original Pancake House at Aliante Casino. I had to race back to retrieve the cards just before the restaurant closed, and then was detoured and got lost for a time finding my way home after the NHP closed off both eastbound entrances to the 215 in the vicinity of the casino following a collision between a motorcycle and a car. Consequently, I will really treasure those cards now, and they will never be permitted to leave the house!