We've been to Cilantro's twice now, trying different items on their menu each time, and both times they have been consistently very good!  On our first visit, we weren't expecting too much.  We just wanted to try out the new Mexican joint in Maricopa, thinking it would be kind of like a Chipotle; it turned out we were wrong.  They had many things on their menu, including tacos, enchiladas, burritos, nachos, breakfast items and tons of different meat and salsa choices.  Out of their meat choices, I really liked their carnitas - very tender and flavorful, without being all fatty and grisly - perfection!  My husband liked their carne asada a lot.  On our first visit, I ordered their burrito, adding fresh guacamole and sour cream for a dollar more.  It was huge and so yummy!  In no way can this burrito be compared to something you would get at a grocery store, that's just absurd.  It was gigantic, filled with beans, rice, your choice of meat, cheese, tomato, onion, cilantro, hot sauce and guacamole and/or sour cream if you want.  My husband ordered the carne asada tacos which came with mexican rice, pinto or refried beans and plenty of tortilla chips.  Not only was their food super tasty, but it was also authentically prepared and very reasonably priced.  Their salsa bar was one of the best around.  We couldn't get enough of their fresh pico de gallo and spicy red salsa.  Luckily, you can have as much as you want.  On our second visit, I got their nachos, which I loved, and after seeing how I devoured my burrito on our first visit, my husband decided he would try one as well.  Their food was authentic and fresh, and their employees seemed friendly and were generous with their proportions.  My husband and I are both half mexican, so we know decent mexican food, and this food was beyond decent!  On both of our visits, the place had many customers in it, so I hope this place continues to do well and makes it.  We will be coming back often to try more of their menu items.  This is definitely one of our new favorites!