The best machaca burrito I have EVER had.

This place is a dive amongst dives.  No expense was spared decorating the interior... literally, no expense.  But the food?  Divine.

When I'm in Phoenix, no matter the purpose or the duration, I swing by Carolina's for a quick bite and a quart of machaca or red chili to-go (about $21).  I've sampled several things over the years and now make a b-line for just one thing:  I order the mixed machaca burritos ($3.50).  That "mixed" refers to the shredded beef AND a scoop of homemade refried beans, all wrapped into an incredibly tender/fresh tortilla (which they also make that day, ON-premises) along with a good dose of cheese.

Together, these three simple ingredients -- the cheese, beans and slow-cooked machaca -- create a flavor symphony that my palate would turn it's nose up to if approached by the fanciest French restaurant with a free dinner offer.  I get two of these and plop my butt down on the dirty plastic booths, close my eyes and (try) to savor each bite as slowly as possible.  Sadly, I'm always done in about 5 minutes.  I have eaten these on the road as well, but they are messy!  The bottom will almost always begin to leak juices from the shredded beef before you can even get halfway done.  If you dare to eat/drive, be sure to have some kind of tray (not a napkin or their thin paper plate, but a TRAY) on your lap... and wipes for afterwards!

With a location that is barely 1 mile or 1 minute off of the freeway, on the southern edge/entry to Phoenix, it is a mandatory stop for me when I'm in Phx.  There is a large parking lot that surrounds two sides of Carolina's and the interior is swamp-cooled (so it'll be muggy-hot during the summer months).  Drinks are fountain/self-serve style and utensils are all plastic/self-serve as well.

Note, there is a single bathroom, but it is very cramped (just a bit larger than an airplane) and it is less attractive than a Chevron's (I probably wouldn't even let my labrador use it... but I still love this place!!)  Oh and one more note, this diner gets very, very packed during lunchtime (11:30a - 1:30p) with suits, blue-collars, cops, everybody!  Even during the afternoon there is a constant, albeit shorter stream of patrons.  But do NOT hang out in this neighborhood after dark... let's simply say, it is a very, very tough part of town.