I'm gaga for their bulgogi!

As their name suggests, KoMex is a Korean-Mexican fusion restaurant with a little Chinese and American thrown in for good measure. This is truly a hidden gem; although it's only a few blocks from my house, it's located in a nondescript strip mall behind a gas station, and I didn't even know it was there until I looked for nearby restaurants on Yelp. Now it's one of our go-to places for takeout (which I heartily recommend; because of its small size, you might have to wait a bit to dine indoors).

I agree with other reviewers that their bulgogi fries are fantastic, but there's one menu combination that can't be beat: the beef chow fettuccine and pork-kimchi fried rice. We usually get a full order of the fettuccine and a half order of the rice, and the portions are so big that this will serve as two hearty meals for two hearty eaters.

The beef chow fettuccine combines their signature bulgogi beef with red cabbage, onions, peppers, and carrots, all served over thick noodles. Sounds weird, but it's the best thing on the menu (IMHO). We like the fried rice with pork -- although I think any meat would be fine -- but you HAVE to add the kimchi (and its traditional fried egg partner) to give it a little extra spice. I'm not a huge kimchi fan, but it works perfectly in this combination and is especially good when you mix the fried rice and the fettuccine together. DELISH!

This time we also each ordered a chicken lettuce wrap as an appetizer. Once again, any meat combo would do in this dish. We've tried the bulgogi and the pork belly before, but today chicken won out. Chopped chicken topped with cabbage and cilantro, all wrapped up in an iceberg lettuce leaf. You can also get these as tacos (corn or flour tortillas), but the lettuce was a refreshing change from our otherwise carb-heavy meal.

Takeout service is quick and efficient, and the counter help is always friendly and appreciative when we arrive. And you can't bet the price, especially for these huge portions: $23 for two great meals for two. Thanks to the food gods for putting KoMex so close to home!