Phoenix Ranch Market III is an absolute MUST for any person visiting Phoenix, Az. Forget the upscale breakfast and faux southwest shops that dot and line Scottsdale. Forget the 'burbs of Peoria, Goodyear, and East Mesa. Don't let your visiting family leave without making a trip down to the Phoenix Ranch Market on 16th st and Roosevelt. Yes, this is south of the I-10 freeway and far away from your faux mexican food at Macayo's Cantina. At Phoenix Ranch Market you'll find a side of the city that nearly all of the transplanted surburban population seems to want to ignore, or just completely forget. This is Phoenix being Phoenix, not Phoenix trying to be a new Los Angeles or anyplace else.

After having breakfast at a carbon copy brunch eggery, I was in need of something less perfect and faux. I found exactly what I was craving. When you can hear the sounds of mariachi or radio campesina from your car parked at the other end of a packed lot, you know this isn't the local Kroger you're about to enter.

Part grocery store, part food court, part village market, PRM is huge, it's overwhelming and it's surprisingly clean and comfortable - this isn't a low rent grocery like Food City. With a fresh seafood section two or three times the size you'd find anywhere else in Phoenix, and with parts of animals you've probably never prepared at home, it's fun to just look, but even more fun to buy. Want meat? Want better options? Better cuts? Want an entire skinned cow's head with the eyes intact and staring at you? Check. It's all SO GOOD.

But that's just the meats. They make their own tortillas onsite with a literal factory and small army of workers churning out the flat corn and flour awesomeness. Hungry? Want mexican food? Want great mexican food? ALWAYS consider going here. Think of anything on a restaurant menu and you have it here. Prepared fresh, and a la carte. Seriously. Tamales of any kind. Horchata! Cow Tongue! Burritos of immense size and stuffed with anything you want. Some of the best beans in town, rice, and parts from a pig that still actually look like parts from a pig. This isn't the mall food court.

The place is packed with mostly hispanic families but you'll also notice a few adventurous types, including my asian self. Most of the employees speak english very well so language is not a barrier. The only times you'll need help is when asking what is that? And like mentioned above, the answer just might be cow tongue (which by the way, is good, however I can see how the texture would turn some people off. Imagine a soft almost too mushy beef...)

Oh. The food is also cheap. You'll get more than full off of $5, you'll explode at $10. It's seriously like heaven here. Music, people, atmosphere, food, drinks, desserts, baked goods. All of it awesome. I met up with my friend Amy.The.Kidd for 'lunch' and we ended up spending almost 4 hours just walking around, back and forth, trying each new item we found, or trying the standards but knowing they were going to be better here. Mmmm. Horchata, great corn tamales, rice, beans, empanadas, warm fresh tortillas... bring everyone. This is a place that should be in people's minds when they think of Phoenix, not just the golf courses, or upscale Scottsdale, or Frat/Sorority Tempe... but South Phoenix. No matter how scary it is for suburban soccer moms to venture down there.

Phoenix Ranch Market on 16th St and Roosevelt. Take me anytime.