This wasn't where I planned to eat, but it's where I ended up.  I'm glad that everything else didn't work out.  The salsa was the best I've had since some salsa in a tiny restaurant outside Chicago in 1972.  But don't let you think that means I'm some corn-fed midwesterner whose idea of wild seasoning is a dash of cinnamon or paprika--my dad was a chilihead from way back.  This was fresh, sharp, FLAVORFUL and spicy salsa with fresh (not even wilted) cilantro, tomatoes, onions and I don't know the rest.  I had the entire bowl wiped out before my order arrived.  It is that good.

Having learned the hard way that if you order what you think is "enough" at any Latino restaurant in this neighborhood that you will need a moving truck to get the leftovers home--never mind that everything is reasonable to the point of cheap, I only ordered a fish taco and a shrimp taco, and a glass of melon agua fresca.  The agua fresca came in a glass that could give Lake Mead competition, but oh, it was good.  I've never had it before, and a mix of melon, probably a bit of sugar, cold water and ice cubes was absolutely perfect on a hot evening.  As for the tacos, the batter on both the fish and the shrimp was superb, light and golden--comparable to the batter on a very good tempura.  The cabbage slaw was fresh, not limp, the dressing was simple (probably just a bit of sour cream/crema mexicana), and the tortillas were perceptibly fresh, too.  Both tacos were very generous--I think there were at least 8 large shrimp in the shrimp taco.  The fish was perfectly cooked inside, as well--not even Gordon Ramsay would have fussed about it being over- or undercooked.  And...NOTHING tasted greasy.

My only warning about this place is that the menu isn't completely translated (although most of it is).  Even so, my junior-high-school and riding-the-bus Spanish got me through whatever wasn't translated.  And the staff didn't laugh at my very strange Spanish pronunciation (Spanish overlaid with a German-influenced Russian accent).  The waitresses were quick and friendly.

This is the kind of food I hoped for in Las Vegas.  I found it in a little strip mall next to the new Super King Ranch Market.