BFF and I decided to grab food last minute and Z'Tejas was close by so we stopped in to grub.  It was about 7:00 on a Friday night and the place was pretty busy.  Luckily we spotted a free table on the patio and were able to grab it right away.  Our server Alex came over almost immediately, gave us menus and took our drink orders (which was waters all around because she's pregnant and I didn't want to indulge in adult beverages in front of her haha!)

When he brought us our water we told him we wanted to order the Bottomless Chips and Salsa to start with because we were starving and needed something to eat just to be able to focus on ordering real food!  He let us know that the kitchen was slammed and that it would probably take 5-7 minutes for it.  I appreciated that because while we could see it's obviously busy, it's nice when the server sets accurate expectations.  Then he either exceeded our expectations or we have a really bad sense of time passing because it seemed like 2 minutes later he was back with the chips!

Moving on to the entrees...we both ordered the Hickory Burger, hers medium well with everything and sweet potato fries on the side and mine medium rare, no pickles or onions with regular fries.  To be honest I was nervous he wouldn't get it right because he didn't write it down, and while we were ordering the same burger, our orders were completely different.  To my surprise not only did the food come out correctly (My burger really was cooked to medium rare!!  That never happens!!) but it came out quickly too!  It was so delicious I would have waited for it though.  8 oz. burger, barbecue sauce, jalapeno mayonnaise, bacon and two types of cheese on a soft, fluffy bun....I'd describe it more but I fear the drool that's forming in my mouth will short circuit my keyboard so I'll leave it at that.

Oh!  One last thing back to our server as well, he made sure our water glasses were never empty!  One of my pet peeves is always running out of water and never being able to find your server but Alex was always checking with us even though he was literally running around helping all his tables.  Servers at other restaurants who make excuses for poor service by saying that they're "busy" should take a lesson from this guy who provided exceptional service in a packed restaurant.