Why did it take me so long to dine here?  Why did I wait?  Why? Why? Why?  Enough with the rhetoric questions from me.  I finally had a chance to dine here and I am pleasantly happy.  I am a big fan of Mexican food and this place did not disappoint my palate.

I showed up with a friend after the lunch time rush, which was a good idea because there was no wait for a table or service.  I like the decor inside as it makes it feel like an authentic Mexican restaurant even though it sits in a late 19th century European style building.  Even if the decor wasn't spot on, the food sure lets you know that you are in an authentic Mexican restaurant.

Like a majority of Mexican restaurants chips and salsa are a staple on the table (however, due to allergies I wasn't able to partake in the chips *sad face*).  However, I was able to maneuver around the menu and find something I would not have a problem with.  I ended up opting for the Burritos Azteca.  Now I'm not sure I should say this came out on a plate, it was more like a platter with a small side dish.  Not bad for one meal.

The Burritos Azteca consists of three burritos: one ground beef, one pulled chicken and one cheese.  All topped with an in-house sauce that has just the right amount of spice.  Accompanying the burritos on the plate is a nice helping each of their fried rice and refried beans.  On the small side dish there is lettuce, sour cream and guacamole.  Adding those to the burritos evens out the spice so it's not the most notable aspect of the plate.

I'm not going to lie, I kind of devoured my plate much like an animal.  Things were falling out of the burrito with every bite I took.  I wasn't mad, it just left me with the makings of a little Mexican salad on my plate.  I ate every single bite on my plates.  I wanted more, but I restrained the need to overeat.  

The service was top notch here too.  Our table was visited frequently to make sure we weren't in need of anything.  

People, when you are in Pittsburgh and have a hankering for some Mexican, I implore you to stop in here.  You will not be disappointed.