If you are one of those people who say the guac ( and not the guacamole) at Cantina is so delicious... you either 1) have not been to Azteca or 2) are too drunk from the margarita to notice that it's bland.

Azteca is the place to go for Mexican because it is authentic and has more to choose from than just tacos and buritos (although it does have them).  When you sit down the server automatically brings you a basket of hot freshly made chips, salsa and awesome pica de gallo.  You should also order the guacamole that is prepared table side.  They cut the avacado right there in front of you and add the ingredients (e.g. onion, cilantro, lime jalapenos, salt, pepper, etc.) based on your taste (more spicy please).  Not like other restaurants who claim they make the guac in front of you but bring out already cut avacado and pre-measured ingredients and spices. 


Azteca has a huge menu and everything I've ever ordered have been delicous.  And I've had quite a few things such as queso, guacamole, carne asada, pork carnitas, steak fajitas, seafood soup, fried snapper, puerto vallarta and other dishes.  When you order your food they give you the option of flour or fresh made corn tortillas.  Definitely get the fresh corn tortillas or ask for it if they don't tell you about it.  They also give you complimentary sopapillas drizzle with honey and strawberry sauce top with whipped cream.  Every time I eat there I feel like they have to wheel me out because they give you so much food but I still look forward to and save room for the sopapillas.

Also I don't think I've mentioned how wonderful their service is.  My boyfriend drinks a lot of sweet tea and they never leave his cup empty.  All the servers are super nice and accommodating.   We go there so often that the people there know we like to sit in the outdoor section (when weather permits of course).  This southern girl can't handle the cold too well.

OOHHH. I forgot to mention, their margaritas are delicious.  They also have margarita specials Mon - Thurs.  Definitely try one.  It's a great place to have dinner with your significant other or a large group of friends.  The mariachi band also add a fun element to your dining experience.  The band is at the Woodlawn location on Friday nights and at the Independence location on Sunday nights.  Ask them to play something crazy and look forward to a good time!!!