A little background on the Mexican state of Hidalgo where this style of food emanates from.  It's located somewhere between Vera Cruz and Mexico City.  It's rich in history dating back to the Aztecs.  Lots of indigenous people that make up much of the population.  Mainly a Catholic country but a fairly large Jewish population dating back to the Spanish Inquisition where some Jews settled in Hidalgo to escape a doomed fate.  The restaurant is located in the Hispanic section of Tempe on University Blvd. It's in a small strip shopping center.  Not fancy by any means, but if your yearn for authentic Hidalgo/Mexico City style food then you are truly in for a treat.  If you are like some Gringos who always ask " Is the dish spicy"? You might not want to come here.  Some dishes are meant to be spicy and that's just how it is prepared.  You can find dishes with less of a kick though.  The menu is quite large and you have some very different recipes you don't find everywhere.   One side of the menu is written in Spanish and the other side is English.  Lots of street tacos to chose from.  Example Longaniza Con Nopoles (mild sausage and cactus).  Hubby ordered it and I tasted.  It was so delicious. The street tacos are cheap.  $1.75.  It was a pretty good size.  Main dish he ordered was Beef Tongue (Lingua) in a Burrito.  It was a huge burrito stuffed to the gills with of course rice and beans.  Lots of Combination plates, sea food, soups, Tortas, Specials on the weekends of BBQ lamb dishes.  The young lady who waited on us was so sweet.  She is the niece of the owner.  So you get that family feeling here.  If your looking for a trendy beautiful place then you better turn around. If you are looking for something very special this is the place.  I had the Chicken Enchiladas with green sauce.  Very yummy with a definite different take on it.  It has a hint of lime in the flavor.  When your food is served it is brought over with a bowl of chopped onions (incredibly sweet) a bowl of chopped cilantro, and a bowl of lemons. Like a salsa bar brought to your table.  The chips and salsa was another story.  The chips were meaty and dry which we like.  The red salsa is really hot, the avocado creme salsa was wonderful.  First bite was very hot and then either you get used to it or get addicted to it.  My the second bowl of it I was scared I would have heartburn from it.  Absolutely didn't happen.  One of the owners came over to us to see if we enjoyed our meal.  Very sweet lady.  Let me add this comment.  On all of our plates was not a sign of any oil used in cooking it.  I hate when a dish is sitting in a puddle of oil.  Will be back here again.