Went to @eatverde for my first #smunch with @smunchphoenix.

Right off the bat, this is a combined review, as I'm including my experience tasting Verde's red and green pork from the @GetYourPHX event at @CoHootsPHX.

The layout, and interior decor of Verde is simple, minimalist, but perfect for the image they seem to want to present; don't get caught up thinking about the seats, or the tables, or the art, just enjoy the incredible food we make.

And they do.

The green chile pork is simply the best I've had, ever. The red chile pork is fantastic, and I would die a happy man if I never ate anything else.

Yes, it is that good.

But wait, it gets better; they make their own tortillas, by hand, from scratch ingredients.

And how are the tortillas, you ask.

Let me just say that I probably ate about 2 dozen, when Joe brought his product to Co+Hoots.

This morning, for Smunch, I opted for a chorizo and egg burrito, because morning + Mexican food = chorizo.
(I think that's actually what it means in Spanish)

Honestly, I was slightly disappointed by the chorizo.
I know most people dislike chorizo because it is so greasy. But what they don't understand, and I do, is that the oil is where the flavor is. The spices permeate the oil, not the meat. Sure, the meat has flavor, but when the meat is too dry, it certainly has a decreased presence.

Admittedly, I may have had too-high expectations for all things Verde, after experiencing the bliss of their green chile pork.

Regardless, the burrito was tasty, and a sizable portion, for a really good price. There was a good amount of egg, as well.
I will likely get it again, simply because chorizo is my go-to for breakfast.

One more thing; the coffee. I was informed that it was merely a generic coffee brand, but the flavor was considerably better than Denny's or Carrow's, or even the Circle K coffee. I didn't just appreciate the coffee, I enjoyed it.

For the burrito alone, I would have only given 4 stars. But the combination of the previous pork experience, the pleasant coffee experience, and the interior that I definitely appreciate, I will give them five.

I will, without question, return to Verde, time and again.