After hearing about this place on KNPR I decided to come down, with my best Mexican friend in tote (just in case I needed translation on the menu), to try this place out.  I do not recommend using Google maps to locate this place, instead look out for it on the southeast corner of Sahara and Eastern.  Upon arriving, it does not look like much, and at first glace I thought I had arrived upon a venue that did not sell food at all, but after reading the words "taco" and "enchilada" written on the glass window, I breathed a sigh of relief.  We entered and saw the crammed 9 table (plus bar top seating on the side) seating area with a counter top right behind.  After trying my best to decipher the Spanish on the menu (with the help of my friend), I settled on the chicken mole enchilada (~$8) and the tortilla sopa (~$5).  My friend, who had also brought her roommate, got the milanesa (~$10) and the chicken flautas (~$8).  After ordering we sat at one of the tables stuffed in the corner to await our meal.  On the table was an open container with what appeared to be some type of hot sauce, typical of Mexico City style fare, according to my friend.  Our meal arrived complete with rice, beans, and a few tortilla chips right on the plate.  My mole, which can be explained as a curry-like sauce containing chocolate, was rich, sweet and savory.  I tried some of the flautas, topped with lettuce, tomato, sour cream, and queso.  Crispy on the outside with soft, juicy chicken on the inside.  The milanesa, according to my friend was good too.  The tortilla sopa was savory and sour from the lime and sour cream.  Definitely a must try.  The questionable sauce in the open dish was, in-fact, hot sauce, chipotle hot sauce to be exact.   All in all I gave this place 5 stars because the price is decent, the food is good, and the staff is friendly.  I will definitely come here again, possibly to try out the other goodies on the menu.  I recommend this place to anyone who is adventurous and loves good Mexican food at decent prices.  This is not a place for those who are expecting a fine-dining, or even a Chili's-style dining experience, nor the obsessive compulsive clean. 
**CASH ONLY**