Secrets out...I'm totally obsessed with this place and their awesome deals for industry locals! 

If you are in the industry (show your ID and get a little 50%off card) Tues or anytime after 10pm you get 50% OFF! That puts these at taco stand prices for some high quality grub. The food is good, but getting anything at a deal just puts its over the edge to awesome town. If you aren't industry- that's okay, there's deals for everyone else too. There's happy hour daily 4-6 daily and reverse is sun-thur 10-12am, fri/sat 11-1am and taco tuesday specials after 9pm. 

So we've taken advantage of this deal weekly since we've heard of it and have run a good range of the menu. So far, nothing has been bad though a few have been favorites. 

GUACAMOLE: 
They have a solid traditional guac if you want to keep basic. The mango one has chunks of that and jicama it, but isn't too sweet and has good balance. The tocino has nice smokiness from bacon bits mixed in it. My fave is the tocino. I enjoy the chips they give you here, it's always warm and freshly fried.

TACOS:
Langosta- this was one of our favorites. Buttery creamy poached lobster with just a bit of seasoning, shallot and avocado on top. 
Pancita- pork belly tacos are delicious! I really like the peach salsa on it with the chicarron, but the belly is tender and has a really nice spice on it. 
Camaron- has a nice chipotle rojo on it, but doesnt mask the shrimp. I like how they prepared this as it was also buttery and sweet like the lobster and the seafood still shined over the seasonings. 
Estilo Baja- pretty solid fried fish taco. Its one of the best ones I've had in this town, when I've been sorely disappointed. I'm a Cali girl who lived in San Diego so fried fish taco was a weekly thing for me there. 
Pastor- it's good, but I prefer this the street cart way off the spit than cubed and seasoned pieces. I prefer the pancita over the pastor. 
Carne- the beef is tender and I really enjoy the jicama slaw on top.

Havent had the hongos (mushroom), the espada (swordfish), and the pollo (chicken), but will update when I do. 

CEVICHE: 
There are three kinds. I've had the mixto one which had a lovely passionfruit flavor to it, but I loved the dorado as the mahi mahi texture was just awesome, perfectly tender and fresh with the orange. These came with a thin crisp bread, but honestly I prefer the chips with them! 

SIDES: 
Elote Mexicana- 1 whole corn, cut in half and put onto two skewers. I really like theirs as they cook their corn to where its easy to bite off. 

AGUAS FRESCAS/COCKTAILS: 
Their aguas frescas are yummy! Out of the three, I enjoy the pineapple ginger one best as it's just so refreshing. The cocktails here are solid. We sampled several cocktails and all were well made, balanced and not skimpy on the booze as I felt it. 

LUNCH: 
Lunch menu is slightly different as the entrees and some of the appetizers aren't on the menu. They offer tortas and tacos are 3 a order instead of 4. Ceviche, salsas, drinks are all the same.

We tried a estilo baja torta as we enjoyed these as tacos. I like that they thoroughly grill up their bread so that it was crisp and did not get soggy at all. I love tortas, but so many places do it injustice by allowing it to disintegrate in 60 seconds. It was also fairly large and came with nicely crispy fries seasoned with what reminds me of lucas powder. 

Service has been pretty good here. Our first night the server was fantastic when we came alone and chatted us up even about Vegas as we finished our dessert. As a group the server was decent with a few slip ups as it got busy. Lunch server was super friendly, bubbly and pretty good about checking on us. One of the managers recognized us and came up to greet us with welcome back and asked what we've been enjoying. 

Just a note that if you're a heat wimp, let them know. I've had a few servings that was somewhat mild and another that had some medium heat of the same item. I love spicy, but I can see how this can be bothersome to someone who can't do any spice.

After three solid meals, it deserved the 5 star rave. I think we are going to keep on coming until we get burnout or until the deal stops being this amazing. The food though is totally up my alley. It's got flavor and freshness that reminds me of some of my favorite places in SoCal and in Baja.