If it is authenticity you are looking for, obviously, you are setting yourself up for failure the second you step into this beautiful fusion restaurant. However, as a quintessential Angeleno, I much much more prefer fusion rather than those so-called authentic food. And China Poblano is the very reason why: it combines the distinctive taste of both worlds. Plus, it's José Andrés (see my reviews on "SAAM" or "Jaleo!!") 

So, after BF and I sat down, without any hesitation, we immediately ordered "China Poblano cocktail experience." On an average meal, we each can drink 2 to 4 cocktails easily, and $32 for 4 cocktails that's paired with the dishes we are about to order? Who in their right mind would've missed that?

As for food, we ordered: Langosta (seared lobster taco, I love how they served this dish out first and the grapefruit on the taco worked like an "amouse bouche" and ) Viva China (beef tendon/kumamoto oysters taco, the thinly sliced tendon was deep fried to the point like ultra thinned cristino! ) lamb pot stickers stuck on you (this is probably BF and my favorite of the entire meal; juicy minced lamb wrapped inside of dumplings that's topped with crispy fried pancake. An absolute culinary success,) Traditional Siu Mai (with edible gold on top,) Dan Dan Mian (I love how surprisingly spicy this noodle dish was,) Shrimp Mojo (my favorite second dish, not to be confused with Jaleo's garlic shrimp, the mojo sauce was actually blacken,) tres leches cake (by far the best tres leches I've ever tasted, and trust me I've tasted tons of them,) and churros (this dish was served fresh, so when I bit into the churro I can taste the exterior crunchiness as well as the soft and moist interior, not to mention they were served with a cup of hot chocolate as dipping sauce.)

China Poblano embodies attentive and friendly staffs, delicious food, drinks, and dessert, plus, modern and "fusionized" décor. It also was the first restaurant we went to after we arrived and checked into Cosmopolitan. Thus, the impeccable dining experience at China Poblano set the bar up pretty high for the rest of this trip. If I do have to nitpick, I only wish they had more items on their menu. Please be advised this place serves "tapas style." I honestly do not think it's fair for people to give it such a low rating based on the size of the portion.

I truly hope for those who haven't experienced China Poblano's uniqueness would give it a try. As for BF and me, we cannot wait to go back to Cosmopolitan again and pay this cute place another visit!!