Decided to come here before the D'Backs game on a Tuesday.  I'd been to the Fuego's mothership in central Phoenix and loved it (and I had a free entrée coupon) so my girlfriend and I decided to give this place a try.  Typically I don't like going to branch locations of locally based chains as I've usually found the quality of the food and overall experience to be lacking versus the main location.  

But this experience was different.  The menu is a little trimmed down from Fuego's main location, but the prices are much more affordable and the menu still contains many of their greatest hits.  The Cityscape location is much more of an urban modern theme than the main location which is more of a sit down living room feel.  We skipped the appetizers and went straight for the house specialties.  She got the tacos and I got the empanadas.  The empanadas were just as delicious as Fuego's mothership, with delicious ground beef, a flaky pastry crust and great toppings.  She got a tilapia and pernil (pulled pork) taco.  The sauce and coleslaw definitely complimented the tacos well, but the meat was what made them so awesome.  For a drink she got the Fuego margarita (infused with jalapenos).  She loved it.  I had a sip and it was a little too intense for me so I got the red sangria.  Again, just as delicious as their main location.

But the reason I give this place 5 stars more than any other reason is our waiter.  Bald guy (didn't catch his name), but he was outstanding.  Friendly, attentive and he was the one who suggested we get one taco each since we were craving both tilapia and pernil.  Made the experience that much better.  And when all was said and done, we were in and out in 30-35 mins with plenty of time to walk to Chase Field.

I will absolutely be back and would highly recommend this for lunch or dinner.  Fuego Bistro is outstanding and has a menu with better variety, but their prices can be cost prohibitive for some.  If you're looking for a place to go on Restaurant Week, Fuego Bistro is a great option as their prices are discounted pretty substantially.  But for an any day Latin American restaurant experience at a more affordable price, Fuego Cityscape is the place to be.