I wasn't aware that the phrase 'Downtown Douchebags' existed. While fellow Phoenix brethren enjoy utilizing expressions such as 'Chandler Trash' or 'Scottsdale Douchebags', I was surprised when a friend of a friend inquired if Crescent Ballroom was indeed "where all the downtown douchebags hung out." While I think it's quite normal to find douchey people across the wide spectrum of AZ, I found this particular term a bit of a misnomer. I think utopian would have been a more appropriate word to replace downtown, which was simply too broad in scope. Even so, I don't think that Crescent Ballroom has the utopian vibe associated with some local Phx spots; it's an entirely different experience.

The crowd at Crescent is diverse and impressive, and the variety in music is overwhelming. We've rocked out with the Tune-Yards, experienced the nautical dreamy music of Active Child, established rapport on the patio with Black Carl and complained about the sound issues of Portugal. The Man. We've regretted missing shows like St. Vincent, Geographer, Manchester Orchestra and M83. In September, Yeasayer is coming to Crescent. I never would have imagined finding a venue in Phoenix where I could see ALL of these bands play. I think the saddest part of that last statement is I never expected these to be the bands that I would want to see live. 

Sometimes, after shows have ended, they have a DJ come out and play songs that I recognize because I shop at Urban Outfitters and then I proceed to destroy everyone on the dance floor. 

It would be unacceptable to review Crescent without mentioning the food. I have consumed all of their burritos, their hamburger and cheese crisp (I add MEAT) and can confirm that the ingredients used for these items were cultivated and prepared by the Pagan gods that I will continue to worship. Beer selection is fairly adequate since I can order Hop Knot in a can. Prices for drinks are pretty normal and the price for shows will vary depending on a scale of one to Bon Jovi. 

Lastly, there are a lot of parking and places to lock your bike which is very important to me because I ride a neon green fixed gear since I'm a Downtown Douchebag.