Living in a town known throughout the US of A for having decent Mexican food, and loving to eat as much as I do, you would think that I'd have pretty much hit all the high spots by now, wouldn't you?

I guess not!

I had not been to Gallo Blanco until yesterday for a lunch meeting.

It's a long way from Old Town, and while I still have the reflexes of a cat (well, an older cat, anyway), some of the drivers I see in my cross-town jaunts just make me want to curl up in my sock drawer and weep for days!

So I avoid the drive...no sense in letting the Beautiful Carin collect on my life insurance just yet:)

When I got there and saw the place, I thought, "well Donald, here we go...another over-hyped joint...don't get your hopes up."

But I tried to keep an open mind as my buddy ordered for us...Cochinita, Carne Asada and Tilapia Taco's that came in a little corrugated steel rack along with a couple of squeeze bottles of salsa (green and orange).

Precious!

I grabbed a pork taco...squeezed a little of the orange stuff on it and took a bite...and the angels sighed!

Smack my ass and call me Pepe'...go ahead...I know you want to!

I could not believe how delightful these tasty little morsels were...I mean stunningly good...all of them...including the Tilapia...so very, astonishingly good!

And I couldn't believe that I hadn't been here before (which is why you can smack me on the ass and call me Pepe')...but I won't be away from here for long.

My friend and I polished off  1/2 dozen taco's and then decided that we needed dessert...so we each ordered a Torta (a Naco and a Cochinita), and then split them so we each had  1/2...so very good!

Not many people would suspect this about me, but I am something of a contrarian...perhaps even a little bit cantankerous...esp. about places that don't live up to the hyperbole.

And then I write snarky reviews!

But I can't get snarky about Gallo Blanco...GB delivers on all the promises!

The menu is clever and innovative, deftly executed with ingredients that are clearly top drawer!

The service we received at lunch was prompt and pleasant without being cloying.

The décor and atmosphere are pleasant and inviting.

But the real star of the show here is the food...or maybe I should say "the 5 stars"...

Oh, I think I may have had better tacos, or torta's, but I can't for the life of me remember when or where it was!

It takes a lot to get me out of Old Town on a regular basis (Honest to frikkin' God, the way some people drive, I'm astonished there aren't 50 fatalities a day in PHX!) but GB makes taking my life in my hands seem worth it.

A new regular in the rotation...if I lived across the street like Thomas does, I think I'd eat my normal 7 meals a day here!