The shredded beef and the Machaca beef are flawless; a Mexican restaurant lives or dies by its meat and salsa as I see it. 5 stars for the meat, 3 stars for the salsa, 2 stars for the rice and beans, and 5 stars for the excellent service. There's a full bar here too - bonus! Reasonable prices, free chips & salsa (and free refills), large portions, free soft drink refills, and they have a loyalty program. My husband and I were house hunting in Anthem, AZ and decided to try one of the (few) restaurants in town. Since we have never been able to find decent Mexican food in central CA where we live now (ironic town demo 80% Hispanic), we decided to take a chance on a Phoenix area Mexican restaurant. Ocho Locos served up the best Mexican food meal we've had in 8 years (not counting my home cooking of course). The decor is garish, just as it should be. The host was friendly. The restroom was clean. The salsa could use some doctoring up but we made our way through 2 bowls of the regular salsa and one bowl of spicier salsa (ask for it!) nonetheless. We were served by (I presume) the owner, and we think it is too funny that the proprietor of a Mexican restaurant evidently hails from Boston. We had the Mary Lou as an appetizer and it was so huge that we could have stopped there and felt satisfied. The Mary Lou is a giant flour tortilla that has a bit of cheddar cheese broiled onto it then is stuffed with perfectly tender beef chunks simmered in red chile sauce [in CA we call it Chili Colorado; in AZ they call it Machaca beef.] They fold it over and serve it up quesadilla style. I had a crispy shredded beef taco and it was hands down the best taco I've eaten in my life. The beans were dry and thick and suspiciously orange (canned?); we were eating around 2pm so they probably thickened up over the lunch hour; this is easy to fix and I hope they do. The rice was just fine. My husband had the Machaca beef burrito. It was stuffed to bursting with meat; he loved it. The plates are nicely garnished with hand-shredded lettuce and diced tomatoes. We can't wait to move so we can explore the menu.