O.M.G.... this place is the bomb!! It's funny thinking how to describe the cusine.... it's like when you have an old sofa and finally put a new slipcover on it, making it look modern and fresh. That's how the food is here...oh, no, it doesn't taste like an old sofa, I mean, they take old, traditional mexican recipes and prepare them with a modern twist....the result is a grastronamic delight!

We came here with a coupon from restaurant.com, but after eating here, I would gladly pay full price. We started with some tinga on tostadas (shredded chicken breast in a chipotle sauce) mmmm..... so good! The tinga was a lot lighter in flavor and heaviness then what I've had friends make for me (I have a lot of friends from Mexico) My husband had clams steamed in a corona lime sauce.....he said they were to die for! 

My husband also ordered the duck breast tacos...I didn't order them because I just couldn't phathom that being good, but WHOA...I was wrong! Not that I didn't love my dish (I had the mahi-mahi tacos) but, when I had a taste of his dish, never have I tasted anything so smokey and savory and absolutley wonderful! It was not at all greasy, as I had imagined it would be, in fact, everything was light and delicious....I usually plan on coming out of Mexican restaurants feeling like a ton of bricks, with an inherent need to wash my face and hands.........not so here!

Now, the customer service also gets 5 stars! We had a very attentive waitress who catered to our every need! I can't have dairy products, so she had them specially make me a tostada without cheese and cream at no extra cost (I had forgot to mention it when we ordered the appetizers) Also, since I checked in on yelp, there was a .99 cent margarita offer. It was only supposed to be for one, but she had no problems hooking us up with two for that price! We didn't even ask, all we asked was how many margaritas the offer was good for! Awesome girl!! (and trust me, those margaritas were soooooooo good, we would have paid full price for those too....)

I can't wait to come back here for round two! Definitely wanna check out their happy hour, and the live Salsa Music they have on Friday and Saturday nights.... Ay Padre, me encantó!