What an unexpected and amazing place.  My family and I were in Las Vegas to celebrate my parent's 30th wedding anniversary.   One day the women decided to hit the Wynn Spa so I took my dad out to a shooting range to blow some money and waste some ammo.  On the way we were on the lookout for lunch and being not far from the strip most of the choices were of the chain variety.  You know the horror, you are on vacation and you want something local and the only thing you see are a flurry of McDonalds, Arbys, Burger King and whatever other regional fast food chain.  

We initially pulled into Arbys but much to my surprise across the street much like a distant gastromirage I spotted it.  Ay!  Jose Takos!  I informed my father that we are headed to "that place" - he was a bit skeptical.  Now keep in mind this is a very nondescript corner building in a strip mall and from the outside some may even think that it is scary.  We park and make our way into the cozy spot.  The inside is typical of mom-and-pop restaurants.  This is a no frills spot, basically no decoration, just a few tables and a counter where you order.  

The menu is very basic; you have an assortment of meats in which to choose to make tacos, chips and salsa and a few other Mexican food mainstays.  They have a very authentic menu of meat selections with selections such as tongue, head, a couple different types of steak, etc.  My father and I opted for steak and were we surprised.  Outside of In-N-Out (I am a total In-N-Out fiend), the Wynn Buffet and BOA at Caesars this was probably the best meal of our week long trip.  

We initially got 3 tacos each which are served very simple with tortilla, your chosen meat filling, cilantro and onion.  Clean, simple and dirt cheap.  They were so tasty I went back and got 2 more.  I recommend this place highly to anyone in the area that wants to get away from the Strip and the bad food or any locals that love Mexican food and are looking for a new spot.  To top it off for all you late night partiers the drive through is 24-hours.