Chipotle is the best business model of the 21st Century, and this location wholly embodies the Chipotle perfection.

Chipotle uses naturally raised meats, hormone free dairy, no eggs or nuts, organic beans, seasonal produce, and promote recycling within the restaurants. This means that they care what you are putting into your body and what it is doing to the environment!! (score!)

Their simple menu makes ordering easy, but still allows you variety (Burrito, Salad, Tacos, Bowls) and caters to a carnivore, vegetarian, or vegan. In fact, they are pretty "food-allergy" safe in general. (Believe me, I have experience)

As if the food wasn't enough, they have two amazing ordering systems: Iphone App and Online Ordering. Let's talk about this online ordering system here for a minute, because it is what I think really sets the bar high for their competitors and other restaurants in general:

I run a medium sized business and when lunch comes around, my Operations staff of ten has the WORST time executing something as simple as a lunch order. I know this sounds ridiculous, but believe me, it is as true as the day is long. This all changed when I discovered Chipotle Online Ordering. 

Anyway, I go online, login, and tell the system I want a group order. It then emails each of my employees giving them a link to order or a link to decline. If they choose to order, the link takes them right to an online order page with pictures, places for memos, etc. They select exactly what they want and it gets added to our group order.

Once everyone has ordered, I hit submit, pay by credit card, and fifteen minutes later you arrive at Chipotle, give them a jingle, and they will actually bring the food right out to your car for you. They call this the "valet" service. Perfect if you can't find a spot or it is raining out!!

Chipotle Executives must have sat down and thought of every pain a company could have in ordering lunch because I honestly cannot think of one thing that would improve this process. (Well, delivery would be nice... but that is what I have a receptionist for)

I want to take a second to recognize this particular location, on 54th Street. Let me start by saying, I believe that you can taste the love in food... as in, if someone is cranky as shit, making your food, it is not as good as if they are smiling, enjoying their lives. I know this probably sounds crazy, but I swear on my right hand it is true. EVERY time I have ever eaten here (we are talking dozens of times) my food has been fabulous! I can taste the LOVE! 

Oh, and about two hours after pickup, someone calls to ask how everything was and to let you know that they took special care to pack it up and make sure everything was right. If there is a Best Chipotle award, this location deserves it!

My final note: I get the salad with black beans, rice, tomato salsa, green tomatillo salsa, and guacamole. 100% vegan, 100% delicious. Under 500 calories, 17g of fat, and 14g of protein. And I am full. REAL full. 

Since I have started eating Chipotle 3-4 times a week, I have actually started losing weight. Perhaps I will be the next Jared!