Love, love, LOVE Gallo Blanco! I discovered this cute little hotel restaurant when I lived around the corner in one of those dodgy apartment complexes, and now it's become one of my "go-to" places.

The bf and I went here last night for our anniversary (yeah, we love it), and we scored with the Happy Hour prices!

One thing-- GET THE GUACAMOLE!! I don't know exactly what is in it (other than avocado and tomatoes), but it is so good. Legit guacamole for sure! Also, I have no idea what the commenter below was smoking, but the chips at this place are AWESOME! You can tell the chips are homemade from tortillas-- thick and crunchy and NOT greasy!

Also, their sangrias are really tasty and strong! $5 during Happy Hour... you know you want it!

I got the veggie tacos last night (2 @ $1.25 a piece) and damn were they good. I love the way they make their corn tortillas-- light and fluffy and full of flavor. The tacos were really good too-- stuffed full of grilled veggies, pico de gallo, and more of that incredible guacamole!

I'm not a big eater, so you might want to get more than one... or do what we did, and order drinks and an appetizer. Yum :)

The bf got two carne asada tacos and one pork taco... he actually couldn't choose which one he liked more! He said the carne tacos were "very flavorful" but the pork tacos were "really tender"... basically, he loved both of them.

We haven't tried dessert at Gallo Blanco (we go elsewhere for our desserts!) but I'm sure they're not half bad.

The ambiance at the Clarendon is really nice-- the restaurant itself is secluded from the hotel and is very open air concept-y... big windows so you can see outside (you can sit outside too!) and low tables inside so you have a great view of the whole restaurant.

Also, as for dress... we saw all kinds of things. People in jeans and t-shirts, people in fancy clothes (again, we were there during Happy Hour so a lot of people had come straight from work), and some people in cocktail dresses. The only thing I wouldn't recommend is dressing formally (suit, prom dress). It's not that kind of place.