Best Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas! 
Here are a few suggestions for you when you go.  
 
First off the frozen margaritas are the best deal in Vegas!  My favorites so far are the Mango, The Big Stick and the Two tone sangria (frozen margarita with a sangria float...mmmmm. You can actually taste the flavor of the tequila instead of a margarita syrup slushy that you get along the strip! :)
The last time we went in we ordered the guacamole which is Deeeelicious! It came out with warm chips and a yummy salsa! The beautiful guacamole girls let my children join in on the fun of making the guac for our table which they really enjoyed participating in. :)
As for appetizers, go for the chicken taquitos and the cheese fundido. The chicken taquitos are wrapped with butter lettuce, jicama, and a red chile pepper. SooOooo good! The cheese fundido my kids tore up in seconds! They made mini cheese burritos with the warm corn tortillas that were brought out with them. 

Now, onto dinner. I got the Baja fish tacos that were lightly battered mahi mahi strips. It was a dyi taco platter which was wonderful for my picky kids. The tacos are served with a side of  cilantro rice (that was perfectly cooked btw....not overcooked like most Mexican resturants) and black beans, that were fabulous ! My friend that came along with us ordered the shrimp fajitas. OMG! The shrimp fajita platter is massive....it comes with jumbo marinated shrimp, warm flour tortillas, cilantro rice, black beans, yummy grilled veggies n sides of sour cream and salsa. 

By the time everyone was finished our waitress somehow persuaded us to get dessert. My girlfriend n I  ordered the coconut flan and the kiddies all ordered the paletas (Popsicles). The flan was light and creamy and devoured by all of us. The children ordered the mango and coconut popcicles. These popcicles you can tell are freshly made at the resturant with fresh fruit purées and chunks of fresh fruit. The kids loved them! So yummy! 

We had a wonderful experience here! Oh ya, and If you can get your eyes off of your food....look around at the staff....I will say, they've got a very good looking staff! 

Anyhow, thank you lettuce entertain you for yet another wonderful place to eat in las vegas! :) I'll be back!