I stopped in here for dinner and wasn't disappointed. It's inside Doc Holliday's if you can really say that since it seems more of a next door neighbor to the bar. I figured I would be walking through the bar to get to Maribel's and you can, but the door I went into led me straight inside Maribel's. Hubby and I were greeted right away and told to sit wherever we wanted. Our server was excellent! She got our drink order and brought us some chips and salsa right away. I usually like chunky salsa and this salsa was thin, but it had a lot of good, fresh flavor and the chips were tasty. For $3.99 I ordered a side of Chips and Guacamole and my oh my was it so good! It was made fresh to order and had such great flavor. I'm very impressed at the price of the chips and guac considering it was fresh and the portion was good. If you are a fan of guacamole you must try it here at Maribel's! They have daily specials for just $5 that includes a drink. 

Monday - Chicken Enchiladas 
Tuesday - Carne Asada Tacos
Wednesday - Fish Tacos
Thursday - Carne Asada Burrito
Friday - Chicken Sub
Saturday - Shredded Beef Burrito
Sunday - Hamburger or Cheeseburger

I was there on a Tuesday, so I decided to go with the Carne Asada Tacos. You get 3 tacos, rice, beans and a drink. If you want flour tortillas you can also get that for no additional charge, but you get 2 tacos instead of 3 and our sever said they are bigger than the regular ones. Options are nice! The asada had good flavor and the tacos were filled nicely, especially for the price. The beans were good and the rice was even better. It's awesome that you can get quality food that tastes so good for $5 plus tax and leave stuffed. Inside was clean and they have TV's. I can't say enough about our server. She checked on us often and took the time to chit chat with us for a bit letting us know about other specials and I could tell she was genuinely passionate about the food being served here. They even take phone orders if you don't have time or want to eat inside. I saw several people picking up to-go orders. I don't live in the neighborhood that Maribel's is in, but when I am on this side of town, I will definitely be stopping by for some good grub!