I was a little pissy that I had to ditch my cousin and the volleyball game with UNLV for my mom and Home Depot to pick out paints for the house.    On the way to Home Depot we decided to get some dinner first.  Considering we always eat at buffets, casino restaurants, or at home we didn't know where to go and what restaurants were around Fort Apache and Flamingo.  

I spotted an orangey-yellow bright sign that said Bajio so I kindly suggested it to my family and there we were.  I didn't know what to expect.  I honestly thought it was a restaurant where people seat you and serve you.  It wasn't like that at all; it was a fast food joint.  I thought maybe it was just gonna be another Rubio's or Baja Fresh.  The interior was very modern with the light fixtures dangling down from the ceiling, plants all over the place, wall painted with warm colors, and tables and chairs lined up almost like a small version of a mall food court setting.  

When you reach the ordering station, the menu is actually painted on the wall.  Very interesting setting.  I was torn between the Mexican Pizza and Shrimp Tacos.  The Mexican Pizza had "a layer of rice and beans, with your choice of chicken, beef, or pork sandwiched between two crisp flour tortillas, smothered with enchilada sauce, melted cheese, salsa and sour cream".  As for the Shrimp Taco it had "Two 6" flour tortillas stuffed with shrimp sauteed in honey butter, topped with cheese and fresh mango salsa. Served with lime and your choice of rice and beans on the side."   Since it sounded so interesting, I decided to get them both.  I'm so glad I didn't just choose one.  They were both so yummy!  My mother chose the Nachos, "Crisp tortilla chips topped with melted Monterey jack and cheddar cheese, choice of rice and beans, chicken, beef or pork, and topped with salsa and sour cream."  As for my step-dad, he decided to get the Veggie Burrito, "Fresh-cooked 12" flour tortilla, wrapped with your choice of rice and beans, sour cream, guacamole, sauteed chile corn and caramelized sweet onions. Topped with enchilada sauce, salsa and cheese. Served with your choice of rice and beans on the side."  They were both very good but what I chose was better.

I was very impressed with the menu and the decor.  Only thing I wasn't impressed with was the girl that served us.  She got annoyed with my step dad coz he's some what hard of hearing.  So, you gotta SPEAK UP when you talk with him otherwise you'll just go back and forth with a puzzled look and "HUH?" questions left and right.  She told the another person to help us in the middle of helping us coz she got fed up repeating herself.  I think she hates her job!  But then again, there was a long ass line behind us and she was one of those people who can't handle pressure.  The guy she gave us to was a darling.  He was awesome with a smile.  I definitely will go back for him juz coz he was super duper nice.

We left Bajio satisfied and agreed to go back again sometime soon.  I think I'll take my cousins here next week so I can take pictures with them.  Mmmm, can't wait.