if you blink your eye, you will miss this little gem, located on the side of a strip mall on west glendale..right across the street from the fry's store at 19th avenue.  i have visited this tiny establishment twice now, and yup, size does not count, at least in this case. what does count is the fresh food, and the hospitable service provided by a bald guy like me, but with a goatee that could kill. he is a gentle giant, who is knowledgable about everything on this oaxaqen menu. that's right, do not look for the usual sonoran grub here, you will not find it. but you will find the best fish tacos in town, i believe i was munching on catfish, in a batter that was just perfecly cooked.i have also had the chance to try their bean and cheese burro, shrimp burro and large toasted tortilla with meat, along with black beans, grilled onions. cheese, and other ingredients. the carne asada was lean and tasty. they have agua frescas, one time i tried their coconut and today the horchata., simply one of the best horchata drinks i have ever had. a bit sweet, but so refreshing with the food. a perfect compliment. people were waiting out the door to dine in and when i came to pick up my order, the place was rocking. it is totally understanable that they might miss something, and in my case they forgot to pack my four fish tacos. i called them and they said come on back. they had remade them for me with a 5 dollar bill. i asked the gentle giant why is there a five dollar bill on top of the box...and he replied,'for the extra as you had to use to come back, of course". of course, like any other place would have done that. this is a keeper, and hope when you want to try something a bit different from the usual mexican fare, you headto 1830 west glendale--the northeast corner of glendaleand 19th ave..or call 864-2747. they are open tuesday thru sat from 10-9pm. you will thank me for this. oh, did i mention the prices. the most expensive item on the menu was the multi topped tortilla, probably a 12 inch diameter, chocked with goodies..enough for two people with large appetites.  tomorrow nite heading to try the vietnamese place that opened on 7th st..called rice paper. i will let you know in a few days how that went. meanwhile, tacos atoyac is the atomic bomb when it comes to great mexican food. salud!