The dichotomy between the "love it" or "hate it" reviews of Barrio Cafe can be traced back to the concept for this restaurant.  This place isn't trying to replicate the standard Mexican neighborhood joint.  There is also a misconception in the US that Mexican food is universally spicy -- it's not, that's Tex-Mex.  If you're looking for hyper-spicy food, go to Los Dos Molinos instead.  If you're ready for sublime and subtle modern/urban Mexican food, then Barrio Cafe is the place for you.  Just be prepared that a dinner with drinks will not fall into the wallet-friendly category at Barrio Cafe.

The focus of Barrio Cafe is southern Mexican food as reinterpreted by Chef Silvana Salcido Esparza as well as her original creations.  While the food is pricey and the portions have been noticeably reduced recently, you can pretty much throw a dart at the menu and pick out a winning dish.

For appetizers, many diners are beguiled by the table-side preparation of the "elegant" Guacamole Casero.  To avoid disappointment, please note that the guacamole is only prepared at your table during dinner.  At lunch, it is prepped in the kitchen.  While the guacamole is good (and even better when pomegranates are in season as the seeds add a tangy crunch), it is a bit spendy at $10.50 for a moderate serving.  Splash out $16 and try the Quesadilla de Langosta Borracha (lobster quesadilla) since it's a unique dish you will be hard-pressed to find elsewhere in Phoenix.  The Sopa de Chile Morron (sweet and spicy pepper soup) is divine due to its silky/creamy texture.  If you ask, they will divide the bowl into two cups so that you can share it with another lucky diner.

The entrees offer a robust and varied selection of delicious dishes.  The Cochinita Pibil (12 hour slow roasted pork) is succulent and well-rounded in flavor due to the achiote rojo & sour orange.  When pomegranates are in season, the Chiles en Nogada (roasted poblano pepper stuffed with chicken, onions, garlic, pecans, apples, pears and apricots finished with a delicate almond sauce and pomegranates) is the standout dish from the menu and my standard order.  The BF's standard order is the Enchiladas Suizas (chicken enchiladas with tomatillo cream sauce).  The seafood enchiladas and the mushroom enchiladas are both excellent choices as well.

For lunch, the Torta de Pollo y Jaiba (Chicken breast topped with crab and spicy hollandaise) is an excellent choice.  It's certainly not low-cal, but it's utterly delicious.

If you manage to spare enough room for dessert, go for the signature option, Churros Rellenos de Cajeta de Cabra (fritters stuffed with goat's milk caramel).  You'll marvel at how they managed to fill the churros with all that tasty caramel.

They also offer a special Domingo menu for Sunday brunch.  The regular menu is also available during brunch, but options such as the Crepa de Pollo (chicken and asparagus filled crepe with a jocoqui sauce) should garner your attention.

Barrio Cafe offers a tremendous selections of tequila.  Their cocktails are all delicious, but be warned that they're strong and pricey.  The BF loves a good Paloma (Patron Reposado with Mexican Squirt soda and lime) and he enjoys the version at Barrio.  I enjoy the mango margarita. 

The only negative point is around portion size.  When Barrio Cafe first opened in 2002, I thought then that the portions were a bit small for the prices.  Over time, the portions increased and the pricing seemed fair.  On my most recent visit, the portions had noticeably decreased again, but the prices had not.  Even our Skinny Minnie friends remarked that the portions were small.

Beyond the tremendous food, Barrio Cafe offers a funky atmosphere with "interesting" art on the walls.  Sometimes the art is quite good, sometimes it is just plain awful, but it's always a conversation point.  The restaurant is small and full of hard surfaces, so sound bounces all over the place.  It can get quite loud on weekend nights and the live music on the weekends adds to the din.  Try to sit away from the musicians and delight in a rare treat of a near-transcendental Mexican dinner.