Vegas. It's where you go to get hitched, right? So my wife and I decided on the destination wedding and didn't want to pay to fly out and check out all the venues so we went to Yelp and other online sources to plan our big day. That being said, we both have been to Vegas numerous times so we knew where NOT to go. Haha. 

So we ended up choosing Mundo for our wedding reception dinner based on reviews we found and neither of us had never been here (or heard of it) so coming here was a total leap of faith.

The leap was spot on. Talk about blowing everything we had hoped for out of the water. I'd have to say everyone in our party loved the trip, with the highlight being the trip to this fine establishment.

They set up a spacious back room for us that was decorated just perfect. My wife's jaw dropped as soon as we walked in. The service was absolutely impeccable and we received ample attention and all of our needs were met and exceeded.

The best part...the food. Absolutely delicious. We are from Texas and well, we are used to "Tex Mex" which can be very good or very blah. Mundo was a breath of fresh air...tasty, delicious fresh air. We had the goat cheese queso to start off which had everyone drooling. 

For the dinner selections we had shrimp tamales, sour cream chicken enchiladas, and the filet mignon stuffed chile rellano. I'm pretty sure I was literally the only person who didn't order the rellano....haha. Everyone was moaning in ecstasy how good it was! I had the enchiladas and have to say they were fantastic as well. The sides were delicious also and completed the whole meal.

Now...the good part. They staff at Mundo was gracious enough to contact a local bakery and have a wedding cake made for us. It was the perfect size and it was exactly what a bride would want. It also helped that it was a mouth watering Tres Leches cake (my fave) and it topped off the whole meal with a bang.

If you are reading this and are pondering this spot for a wedding reception...don't even hesitate. They will make it memorable for you! 

We are anxiously awaiting our next trip to Vegas so we can come right back to Mundo!