NEW OBSESSION ALERT! Braddah's Island Style blew me away! I had been reading the reviews of the other locations and Braddah's was definitely on my radar, but I never had a chance to make it in.

I happened to be in the area and saw that a new location was opening somewhat near me and I felt like that lady in the annoying Mervyn's commercial back in the day... OPEN! OPEN! OPEN! So I kept checking back to see when it was going to open and low and behold, today I saw that it was and IT WAS ONNNNN!!!!!

So I just tried their amazing food and I'm hooked! It was sooo good! It's fast casual style, a lot like Chipotle with the bowls, burritos, tacos or salads but with a way better vibe and food. The menu is a lot more creative with higher quality ingredients. Like seriously though. Soo OVER Chipotle. I had already been saying that anyway because their meat is so nasty. Tons of gristle. I'll never eat there again but thankfully I have an alternative. And a healthy alternative at that. 

So here's how it works:

Step 1 - Choose One - Burrito, Bowl, Salad, Tacos or Nachos

Step 2 - Choose One - Huli Huli Chicken, Kalua Pig, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Fish, Grilled Veggies

Step 3 - Choose Any - Seaweed Rice or Brown Rice, Black Beans, Grilled Veggies ($1.25)

Step 4 - Choose Any - Charred Pineapple Verde (Mild), Mango & Roasted Corn (Medium), Tomato with Grilled Maui Onions (Hot), Guacamole (Upcharge), Sour Cream, Cheese, Bean Sprouts, Lettuce, Purple Cabbage, Cilantro, Chopped Jalape単os or Habaneros

They also had some side sauces to choose from: Mango Habanero, Raspberry Jalape単o and Kiwi Jalape単o.

I had the Steak Bowl (pictured) and in mine I got: Pulehu Steak, Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Charred Pineapple Verde, Cheese, Jalape単os, Habanero, Cilantro, & Bean Sprouts with Mango Habanero sauce. Highly recommend. I ate every last grain of rice.

They gave me a sample of their soon to be world famous Coconut Bark because I was a newb and WOW that stuff is fantastic! That salted caramel and chocolate with the coconut just melted in my mouth. It's won awards and I can see why.

I am so happy! I'm going to be like their best regular now. I wish this place was closer to me though. That's the only thing that sucks. But it's close enough. I'm going to make the trek because it's worth it!

Do yourself a favor and try the food here. It is soooooo friggin good, I can't even tell you.

Shaka Braddah! See you guys tomorrow.