Yo quiero tortillas. 

There is nothing better than driving aimlessly looking for a place to eat and scoring big time on a new spot that is pure awesomeness. Yes, that was my experience with Lupitas. 

Walking in, it's a cross between a little mini mart you'd find in Mexico with chips de sabor and bottles of Jarritos sodas in coolers lining the walls and a butcher stocked with fresh cuts of bacon, chorizo, and marinated chicken. They also carry queso fresco (white crumbly cheese) and queso Oaxaca (which is white string cheese). In the last deli case, there are giant slabs of pork rind. Talk about plenty for a midnight snack. 

Behind the counter, you are greeted by the employees who mainly speak Spanish, but the smiles on their faces need no interpretation. Friendly. They are efficient and will get you in and out with bags of food in no time. If you don't speak Spanish, don't worry, just point to the photo of what you want and do your best to communicate. 

They have cooked and ready carnitas or barbacoa. The barbacoa is tender beef with juicy and flavorful pieces that fit nicely in the fresh, made-to-order corn tortillas. The carnitas are marinated mix of meats. I didn't get the carnitas this time around, but I plan to return and try it all.  

To top it off, when you go to the cashier, they have two mini fridges stocked with fresh salsas: verde, chipotle (I can't remember what the name is exactly, but it is comparable), pico de gallo, and a very hot red. They also have some cactus salsa/salad. I got a few of the salsas and they were the perfect spicy flavor to top off the meal. 

Like another reviewer said, none of these things are put together for you. No, they don't have any side dishes, unless you grab a bag of chips. But after my first visit, I realized, they don't have time for sides...they save all their energy on doing what they do well...tortillas, meats, and friendliness. 

This place is perfect if you are going to host a party and need great meat and tortillas...just in time for Cinco de mayo.