This place has good food, great service,  it is friendly and clean.  All of the Chipotle's that I have eaten at have been very good, except for one in downtown Washington DC where a group of kids ran through the dining room chased by police officers.  They trashed the place, and spilled a perfume display that one of the kids was trying to sell.  Which may have been why the police were chasing them I don't know.  What I do know is the perfume smelled terrible.

Anyway back to Chandler.  The good thing about Chipotle is the menu.  It is very simple.  Basically you walk up to the counter and tell the nice person what you want to eat.  All the food is displayed in front of you.  You can mix and match it any way you like.  Tacos, burritos,   even melted cheese things that aren't on the menu but kids seem to love them.  

There are a few different kinds of meat.  Carnetias or braised pork, grilled chicken, and two different kinds of beef.  One grilled the other BBQed.  Fresh green peppers and onions lightly seasoned and sauteed but still crispy.  Two kinds of beans, pinto and black.  The servers are quick to tell you that the pinto beans are not for strict vegetarians or the kosher crowd.    Rice seasoned with a little cilantro that is very tasty, and last but not least delicious guacamole.  As your meal (usually a burrito for me) is assembled it moves down the counter to the salsa section.  There are a few different kinds of salsa.  A spicy red one, I don't know what is in it but it is my favorite.  A tomato, onion, cilantro mild one.  Corn relish that goes in my burrito too, and a green one that I never tired.  Then some sour cream and cheese and they magically roll it and wrap it in a tin foil sleeve.  

With really good food places it is the little things that can make or break them.  For example sour cream.  Pretty basic stuff right.  At Chipolte it is delectable.  I can't find sour cream near as good at any grocery store.  The tortillas are big and seem to stretch enough to wrap whatever they put in the burrito.  Did I mention that these burritos are really big?  If you don't want to go the tortilla route they will make your burrito in a bowl.  Same stuff just no tortilla.  I once ate at the Chipolte in Lawrence Kansas with a friend.  She ate two burritos.  She is a freak, don't try it you may explode.  

They seem to be proud of their chips.  Most places offer them free of charge.  Chipolte charges for them.  They could be good I've never had them, but lot's of folks order them.    

No doubt about it this is fast food.  I stopped by last Tuesday at noon.  Just before I walked in 14 giggling high school kids ran up in front of me.  The line was to the door.  Ten minutes later I was at the counter watching my burrito grow.  Amazing.  Just because it is fast food doesn't mean it has to taste bland or be cold.   

This place is not cheap.  Eight and a half bucks for a burrito and a small drink.  I'll keep looking for a better burrito.  Till I find one Chipotle sets the bar.