Whether you prefer traditional Italian pies or crave creative flavor combinations, Salvatore's has some drool-worthy masterpieces for you. I came here with my Valentine (on the night before the 14th) and was really impressed with the food and service.

Like others have mentioned, the place is small. Upon entering Salvatore's, you walk into a sparsely decorated space with a bar that seats four and a kitchen that extends further back. There was lots of energy at peak dinnertime as chefs prepared pizzas for customers dining in-house and those who ordered for pick-up. The hosts and servers were still extremely pleasurable amidst the chaos. Through a threshold to the left is the dining room, which is painted dark blue and has some romantic decor. I would totally go on another date here!

We ordered the burrata and house salads. Both were light and refreshing, and very large in size. The burrata could have easily satisfied at least four hungry Wisconsinites. The pizza is where I am left a little speechless (in terms of the phrase--because I actually have much to say about these pies). At Sal's when you order a 16" pizza you can go halvsies on the flavors, which is great because all of their creations sound so good. We split ours between the Forza and El Mapache Loco. I prefer traditional pizzas with red sauce and Italian ingredients and the Forza is now my bar for pies in this category. The pepperoni and peppers packed a lot of flavor and spice. Dollops of ricotta provided a cooling effect and beautiful, smooth textural difference. The purple potatoes on the El Mapache Loco reminded both my man and I of breakfast. The chiles and adobo chicken made for a nice New Mexican take on a classic dish. Overall, the flavors weren't as powerful as the Forza, but I would definitely order it again and recommend it to anyone who wants to experience something new.

We ended up bringing leftovers home and yes, did have the El Mapache Loco for breakfast. Just put a fried egg on it! Can't wait to return and try more of their pizzas, traditional or otherwise!