Mad Mex makes my skin crawl (I won't even review it) and Chipotle is...Chipotle. It doesn't even belong in the Mexican food category. Verde on the other hand pleasantly surprised me! I was expecting a less bro-filled and more expensive version of Mad Mex, but it wasn't either of those things. It was an unpretentious, creative take on Mexican cuisine, more upscale than the tiny, family-owned restaurants that will always have a place in my Californian heart, but nevertheless delicious and enjoyable! I would even call it Mexican food, and that's something I haven't been able to say since coming to Pittsburgh.

The service was quick and friendly, and the hostess stood out in particular for her welcoming smile at the door. So few people legitimately smile nowadays. It was appreciated! I started with their mojito and thoroughly enjoyed it. It wasn't too sweet, the most common problem I have with mojitos. My roommate, who is ridiculously picky about alcohol, couldn't resist having about a third of it. I didn't mind, since I wanted a completely clear head in order to enjoy our lunch when it arrived. 

We decided to do the family style taco deal, which is two bowls of taco fillings from their taco menu, a side of beans and rice, and six taco shells. For $29, the amount of food we got was quite generous. The beans and rice were small, enough for one side for two people, but the taco fillings could have easily filled eight or nine tacos. We ate the beans and rice, and had two tacos a piece. There were enough leftovers for us each to have another taco plus a pile of taco fillings on the side later that day. We tried the carnitas and the pollo, and both were great. The pollo was nicely sized chunks of chicken, seasoned and grilled with thinly sliced red onions distributed throughout. The carnitas were the real standout though. The pork was perfectly shredded and the green olive, pineapple, and beer flavored salsa was finely minced, giving the entire mixture a really nice texture for a taco filling. The taco wasn't coming apart in my hands and the filling wasn't falling out the back. In short, it was perfect. I'll definitely be back to try their other taco options and to get some more of those carnitas and perhaps another mojito. Well done Verde!