NEWS FLASH! THE HYPE IS REAL! I REPEAT, THE HYPE IS REAL!

%$#@!@#$% 

Sorry, that was me banging my head repeatedly on my laptop keyboard because I am so mad at myself for not going to this place a lot sooner! I couldnt wait to get home to do this review and I hope my keyboard is gonna work long enough for me to finish this!

I ordered the Bulgogi Beef Burrito and my son ordered the Beef Bulgogi/Spicy Pork combo so we can share. OMG I couldnt make up my mind what to eat so me and my son split both meals.

The Burrito has the best of both Korean and Mexican worlds! Now I know why they named themselves that. This tasty choice has Meat with Mexican Rice, Green & Brown Onions, Pico de Gallo, Cilantro, Lettuce, Asian (Soy/Sesame base Sauce).

Service is, let me put it this way, a little slow BUT before you jump to conclusions, you have to understand that they make everything from scratch and if a big party before you put their order in, then that is what is gonna go through first. That's understandable because if you ordered before somebody else, whether big or small, you should get it first right? With that said, I was a little irritated at first, but when my food came out and went straight to my mouth I was mad at myself for being irritated because the food is well worth the wait! I recommend that you don't be in a rush to go anywhere else if you plan on eating here and if you can order to go, that's even better because by the time you get there, it should be done.

With the popularity of this place blowing up, I see one of two things that might happen: Either they open up another place or move to a much BIGGER location or both. The demand is definitely gonna out do the supply sooner or later because on really busy nights you are definitely gonna have to wait a while to get a table.

Some random info: They are closed Mondays so make sure your cravings don't fall on that day! They have free wifi but I couldnt get my phone to work with it so maybe next time I will ask them. Parking can be a nightmare because they share the same small lot with other tenants. They take all major credit cards but be advised that anything under 10 bucks, you will be charged a service fee so as much as you can, pay with cash for all orders under 10 bucks. Its not Komex's fault. Its just that anytime you have a terminal for accepting cards, the company that processes it charges the business owner for every transaction. So you see its not a ploy for Komex to make more money. It's more like a convenience fee for not carrying cash. 

They don't have a take home menu for the info you need but you can look it up through their website:  www.komexexpress.com 

So with 350+ reviews averaging 4 1/2 stars, what more reasons do you need NOT to go here?