This review is for 06/11/2011. This review is dedicated to the awesome new bartender friend, Brooke. After a long day in Phoenix, I had to find some good spots in the area. I haven't touched alcohol in about a month. Why not start it in another state and still say that I haven't touch alcohol in CA. Let's head on over to the Biltmore Fashion Park and dine at the Black Chile Mexican Grill. 

This place is a close resemblance to El Torito, but a little more classier. Black Chile Mexican Restaurant is at good spot and after reading the other reviews, its a NEW restaurant as well. I walked in and a friend's tip was to always head towards the bar. So, I did. When I got to the counter, there was no one there. I wasn't sure if the place serving anything at 11am. Then again, I don't know Arizona's law on serving alcohol.

The bar section is quite lovely. One side of the bar is in the interior and the other side is on the patio side. Plus, the water mist made it even seem you are at the beachfront when you are in downtown. Then a few minutes later, a female bartender named Brooke came on over and got me started with my order. I started with my drink of choice, Cranberry Vodka ($6.50). She also offered some complimentary fresh chips and salsa while I contemplated on what I was going to devour for my meal. While I was waiting, some kids were asking for some olives on a stick. Wow...you got some future martini drinkers in the future. Those kids would come back every 10 minutes for olive and/or a pick stick.

After downing my Cranberry Vodka, I came to order the Chicken Chimichanga ($12.96) with hot, spicy sauce....Oh did I forget, I ordered another Cranberry Vodka. Since I did not have long stay in Phoenix, I asked my bartender friend on places to visit for the next 6-8 hours I have got left. Well, she did her job and gave all the great spots which were in the neighboring Scottsdale. Unfortunately, I never got to do them because of time-constraints. 

About 10 minutes after I ordered, my Chicken Chimichanga came in and I had already finished my second Cranberry Vodka. Blast it!! My body does want alcohol after a hiatus. So, I saw the Margarita Glass and asked for their house special on Margarita. Brooke gave me a taste sample on the frozen margarita and it was pretty good. So, I ordered their house Black Chile Margarita ($9). That drink was awesome and complimented my meal quite well.

The Chicken Chimichanga came with beans and rice with the hot green sauce on the plate. The dish was right out of the kitchen and it was pretty hot and quite spicy. Not too spicy, but enough to give me a tear. I forgot what the name of the bottle of hot sauce she gave me, but I think it was Cholula. I am a Tapatio guy, but it was good enough to add more heat. I finished my meal and the margarita was taking its toll on me....LITERALLY. Glad Brooke got my back and got some more fresh chips to balance me. 

Well, it was getting close to 12:30pm and I had to close my bill. I didn't have enough time in Phoenix to do enough. Brooke closed me out and my total was $36.15. Before I left, I had to use the restroom. The restroom is downstairs and there was a nice little lobby/waiting room down there. Almost thought I accidentally found a VIP area. 

Before I left, being the bartender friend that she is, she watched out for me and gave me a glass of water without me even asking. **This sounds awfully familiar from another friend** She gave me the list of places to stop by, but time was one thing that was not on my side. Black Chile Mexican Restaurant was amazing and glad to have found it. I believe this is the last review for Phoenix and I hope to be back in the future. One day in Phoenix to get away from Los Angeles is not enough, but sure was worth it.

The Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?