Why do I always find myself having to defend restaurants on here? Especially in Las Vegas. 
This restaurants food is geared towards a certain region of Mexico and its food. That fact that your quesadilla was flat is because thats the way its made in that region its not some fast food restaurant. The reason your tacos looked like cat food is because that carne is called, "carne desebrada" shredded meat. I mean what presentation where you looking for? Flat and plain looking robertos taco shop, or neon colored dell taco food? 

I feel that a lot of Mexican American people born here in Las Vegas really need a fine tuning to their Mexican heritage, or a boot camp course of the Mexican region. Everyone born here lacks a lot of their own culture and they just intermingle and turn everything into mush. I am pretty sure if you invited a Mexican person from Mexico who is visiting they will complain about the quality of the meat. But thats because their meat is fresh from the same day. Americas meat is expected a lot more and put into storage for supermarkets/restaurants. Don't just come in and judge these places for what you have previously ate in these so called, "Mexican Restaurants". Las Vegas seriously needs better Mexican food. Most of them suck. 

  Anyway I ordered myself a burrito al pastor. The meat was damn good! I think the only other al pastor meat that beats it, for me, would be from Tacos Azteca on Tropicana and Nellis. It oes down for me like this... Al pastor meat 1) Tacos Azteca, 2) Casa Tlaquepaque, 3) El gordos tacos. So the meat was great! I wish I could have tastes the beans and rice separately, but I did not. I am a big rice fan after all. But that meat really took command in the burrito. That burrito was done quick! I definitely enjoyed the location because the inside really reminded me of a lot of restaurants down there. Just the simple color scheme of it and the design is simple. The name also grabs your attention. The food looks exactly to the pictures.