(Lyrics - Will Smith - Miami)

Here I am in the place where I come to eat
the drinks and the street tacos
Everyday in The Yard in all, everybody party all day
No work all play, okay
So we sip a little something, lay to rest the spill
Me and Jenny at the bar runnin up a high bill
Nothin less than ill, when we dress to kill

Everytime the waiter pass, they be like (Hi Bo)
Can y'all feel me, all drinks and cocktails
Real spicy sauces
Every different toppings, Chicken, Onions, Asada, Cilantro
Pork, Steak, Cubano or Salsa

I only came to Bo Bites and playing
But everytime I come I always wind up eating
This the type of place I could spend a few days in
Urbano the place that keeps the kitchen blazing

Party in The Yard where the heat is on
All night, on the patio till the break of dawn
Welcome to Urbanos
Buenvenidos at Urbanos
Bouncing in The Yard where the heat is on
All night, on the patio till the break of dawn
I'm going to Barrio Urbano
Welcome to Urbanos


I think any place with the name Barrio is going to work especially here in the valley!

Barrio Urbano is located inside The Yard next to Cleo's.  I really enjoy the lively atmosphere these three places provide.  Great food and live entertainment yeah!  The only thing weird about it is that you can't bring food and drinks in and out of each restaurant as if you were in Vegas!  

Needless to say, I wasn't too bummed.....maybe just a little.  I always seem to sit at the bar when I attend Barrio Urbano; ahem!  Drink menu please!  The bartender is very knowledgeable about Tequila and let's just say my favorite drink here is the El Picado; a spicy limey cocktail.  Food here is amazing with James Beard nominated Chef Silvana Salcido Esparza in the kitchen or at least creating some banging meals!  I went for the street tacos this time around starting with the Carne Asada, Pulled Pork, Fish Tacos, and the Chicken Avocado.  Overall, I love them!  The carne asada and pulled pork was tender and had limey cilantro bite.  The fish tacos was perfectly cooked and the cabbage provide a crunchy welcoming texture.  Finally, the chicken avocado was good, but definitely probably my least favorite of the four.  

In the end, Barrio Urbano brings great Mexican food was a modern twist.  I love the atmosphere and the list of Tequila they have and I can't handle too much of it. - Enjoy!