This place was so awesome I came home tonight and immediately opened my computer to share the wealth.  I first heard about this little strangely named taco joint on Cinco de Mayo.  All the cool kids were doing it, but the wait was THREE HOURS.  Tell me, who the hell waits three hours for tacos?!  I was not about to play that game.  But a non-assuming Monday night for a friend's birthday? YEP.

I'll start by saying RuRu's needs better signage out front. The parking is a bit confusing, but just go around back (that is NOT what she said).  After you actually find the restaurant it is stunning!  A lovely patio, wooden bar, antique with a touch of modern.  Very, very cool.  While I'm talking about décor, I will also mention that the artwork (allisonsprockfineart.com) was so cool that I texted pictures of it to my friends and the music had me singing almost every tune.  Very laid-back vibe, in an upbeat way - if that makes sense?

THE FOOD
First, we got a kick out of reading the menu.  All the dishes have one-liner names.  I ordered the Alliteration something Louis, which means shrimp tacos with a side of the Tuscan white beans.

Mostly I ordered the white beans because I just worked out, was super hungry, and was afraid that two tacos wouldn't fill me up.  But let me just preach really quick - I would have eaten a serving bowl of those freaking beans.  I have no idea how the hell they did that but the beans had a creamy tomato sauce with a hint of lemon. Sounds weird, but wow wow wow.  The beans are pretty much the reason I'm even writing this review at all.

We got the three amigos (or something) appetizer, that had guac, salsa and queso and everyone was raving about how good the guac was.  It was fresh and chunky with the perfect compliment of tomato, onion and seasoning.  Plus, warm chips (shiver).

One girl got the Korean Taco, which sounded like it would be overwhelming, but it was really, really good.  I will probably get that next time.  I also heard great things about the mahi mahi.  Actually, now that I think about it, no one had a complaint the entire time.   We all agreed that RuRu's puts Cabo and Bakersfield to shame a little - sorry guys!

DRINKS
There are specials every night, and the cocktail list was impressive.  They are $9.75/each, which could get pricey.  But the specials and the beer list were on par.

SERVICE
As a waitress, there is something intimidating about seating 6 girls.  I know this because I did it for years.  Our waitress was excellent and had really hot white/purple hair (not important, but still worth noting).  She gave us all great suggestions and was nice enough to help us split the bill at the end which is always a pain.  

OVERALL
Overall RuRu's is fab!  It would be a perfect romantic date spot or girls night out.  It's fun and delicious and I can't wait to go back.