I am a fan of the food trucks in Veagas, and I am glad to welcome Sloppi Jo's into the fold.

The menu isn't the biggest in town, but everything is very well done. I have yet to have anything that I don't like on their menu.

I attended both the soft opening and their opening joint with FUKUburger, and it was the best of both worlds...Fukuburgers and Sloppi Jo's Hatch Chile inspired menu.

I'm including my review of their soft opening 

"Hatch Chile Cheese Burger- Burger Cooked to a perfect medium, served wrapped in a tortilla, with chilies.

I was impressed with the burger the patty was decent sized and cooked to a perfect medium, there was a little heat from the chilies, but it could use a little more bite (and I'm not really a chili guy).

Green Chicken Chile Stew- Chicken, peppers, potatoes, served with a tortilla on the side

The stew had a noticeable heat, but it wasn't overbearing, the chicken pieces were big, and the stew was great, I will be getting this again.

Next up was their Breakfast Burrito-
It was bit of a mess, but a tasty tasty mess. Tortilla wrapped around eggs, bacon, chilies, and topped with 2 different sauces, and some crema. I am not a breakfast burrito guy but this was amazing...If I'm out in the morning and the truck is within a drive of my house...I'm having one of these

Pork Taco-
The Pork could be one of the best menu items at SloppiJo's it's featured in the taco and the sloppijo, the taco was good, it had avocado on it, and sadly I'm not really an avocado fan, other than that they were delish.

The SloppiJo-

There is nothing I can say that will do this dish any justice other than YUM. It featured the pork which was topped with a fried egg and served with a few veggies and a tortilla, it was delicious, it was messy, and I will be having more of these in the future.

Sopapillas-

A perfect end to the meal...sugary and delicious."

My 2 favorite dishes are the Name Sake Sloppi Jo and the breakfast burrito.

I look forward to eating at Sloppi Jo's more in the future.