We were pretty convinced this place didn't really exist, but after months of casually looking for it, I finally found it. As noted in a previous review, they only have a banner in place of the sign next to the dry cleaners.

My whole family came in, and we all loved the food here. It is more American style Mexican, but delicious American style Mexican! The chips and salsa were great, although there weren't enough chips for the salsa. I think it'd be nice if these were complimentary for dine in customers, especially since it takes quite a bit of time for them to make the food. No one else came in during our visit, but they did seem to be very busy with delivery orders.

I had chicken tacos, and the style kind of reminded me of what you'd see at a buffet, except buffet tacos are disgusting, and these had great flavor with high quality chicken. Others in my group got enchiladas, which they enjoyed, and my niece got a bean and cheese burrito, which she complained about, but that may have just been because she was in a rush to get dessert. Strangely, there was something funny about the taste of the burrito, which made no sense since I liked the beans, I loved the tortillas, and the only other ingredient was cheese. Maybe there was some kind of sauce added in that made it taste different than expected.

The tortillas were amazing, probably the best I've had in town. I don't live nearby, but I'd travel here just for those. We also got complimentary sopaipillas, which everyone loved. Service was good and very friendly.

My only suggestion would be to invest in some plates, even if they're styrofoam or plastic, for dine in customers. Six of us eating out of takeout containers was a mess with the lids falling into each other's food.

I would also prefer they be open on weekends and maybe until 9:00 on weekdays, but they've already experimented with hours and said that business is very slow during the hours I wish they had. Oh, well, maybe in the future as they get more popular.

This isn't the place to go if you're craving that unique meal you had at a hole-in-the-wall in Puebla, but for your standard Mexican fare, Cafe Casera is fantastic with great flavors and constant freshness.