I've been going on the west side of town every month but didn't realize Taco Kissi was there until I started Yelpin to find out what's good. Never thought about eating around here cause of the area but what the heck. I'll try anything. 

This is a small little taco shop. Very unassuming. I walk in and there is no atmosphere. Bunch of tables with a counter and the menu above. Got a little confused when I first walked in but decided to order the two asada tacos and two pastor tacos with a side of guacamole. Kept on looking for a side of chips but they didn't have it. Oh well. I just got a glass of water and they pull out a plastic up full with ice and pour the water from a water container. Then she tells me they'll bring my water with a bowl of chips. Sweet. Free chips. Nice way to start my meal

Got my water and chips right away and they have a salsa bar with three salsa, pico, cabbage, cucumbers, and lime. Could decide which salsa so I pick the dark and darker salsa. What the heck. 

I got my tacos right away and I look at them and I said is that all. Looked so small but after eating everyone I was content. 

The asada tacos where so good. I added cabbage, guacamole, and salsa. So good. Really good. Cooked perfect. Juicy. Very flavorful. The guacamole made the taco. Big chunks of guacamole, fresh tomatoes, and fresh cilantro. Oh my goodness. The salsa added that heat. It was out of this world. So good. The pastor tacos were just as good. 

Oh yea the chips were very fresh. Very crispy just how I like it. Dip it in the guacamole and it was so darn good. The salsa just just as good. One was hot and the other really hot. 

So this place is really good. One of the best tacos shops I've had in the valley. Great tacos. Really good service. Friendly service. The ambience. Let's just say Spanish music playing. A majority of the people are speaking Spanish. Oh yea. It was very clean

Would I come back again. Of course but only during the day time. Got to be careful. Probably take out for my family too. Don't let that scare you. It's my taco heaven right now. Enjoy.