From the moment you enter this, small seemingly "hole in the wall" place, your olfactory senses will launch into overdrive.  Carlito's Burritos smells just as good as it tastes - a rare feat in many Las Vegas restaurants I've visited.  

The food at their current location (Pecos and Patrick - note: they are moving soon to Sunset and Athenian Dr.) is delicious.  On my first visit I ordered, I guess their signature dish - the Carlito's Burrito, a massive flour tortilla stuffed with pork verde smothered in green chili (I topped it with guacamole and serrano peppers).  I also ordered a sampling of their Green Chile Stew which frankly they should bottle up and sell in mass.  More stew news in a bit.  

The Carlito's Burrito with pork verde was an explosion of flavor.  Imagine a huge flour tortilla stuffed with tender pork verde smothered with an amazing green chile sauce.  They skimped a bit on the guacamole and the serrano peppers where thrown in as a second thought.  I say, I say, just take a little care and slice your serrano peppers a little more thinly as most don't like large chunks of hot peppers.   
 
A few days later I ordered dinner for the family tackling their stuffed sopapilla, tacos, enchiladas, and tamales.  Besides the tamale the sopapilla, tacos, and enchiladas were met with high praise and thankful taste buds.  The tamale!  Ugh!  It looked burnt, stale, old/ancient.  It didn't last past a bite.  Everything else was devoured.  

BREAKING STEW NEWS: My wife doesn't like spice.  She often frowns on many of the foods I bring home (or cook) as I often add too much spice for her liking.  On both of my visits to Carlito's Burritos I ordered their (what should be their signature dish) Green Chile Stew.  I told my wife, "this is spicy but so delicious!"  She ate it and ate it all.  She agreed that even though it was spicy she just couldn't stop as the flavors wouldn't allow her to.  I say this again, bottle this stuff up!  I'd buy this by the gallons (which they do allow via their catering menu!)

I'm so glad a co-worker introduced me to this place and even happier that I introduced my family to this place.  As I noted earlier they are moving.  Thankfully they are moving not far from their current location and are even opening a new BBQ place to boot too.  It is nice they have a membership diner plan that gives you discounts on future visits as I'm bound to rack the points up at this delicious place.