03/17/12 BRUNCH.

I haven't reviewed BGLV before this? I'm surprised. We went almost every Wed night that Mary Sue was competing in "Top Chef Masters" last year. Sat in the bar with other fans, ate/drank for 1-2 hours, it was great fun. Great staff, bartenders, waitresses.

We, spouse and I, are ANCIENT foodies, and have known the "2 Hot Tamales", Mary Sue and Susan, since they started off in a storefront and only using hot plates, along Melrose Blvd back in the early 80s in LA. I experienced all of their iterations in the culinary world, most especially City Restaurant. I miss City. And Ciudad. I love Street, and try to return there when I can, when visiting LA.

But you know what is the best thing about THIS Border Grill, the Las Vegas location? The man they have in charge at the stoves, Executive Chef Mike Minor. Every time we dine there, his dishes are simply wonderful.

Well, last year they introduced Brunch at BGLV. We thought it really good, but needing a few changes. Even Mike, who is in charge of the Brunch dishes, admitted that we visited too early, and should return later in the year. Well, the Brunch is only from March until October. We missed his changes. (If we had tons of money, we would have returned, and quite often.)

Well, THIS time around, today, it was a very different menu, and EVERY DISH was astounding. I split dishes with my spouse, and we tried as many as possible, but couldn't get thru half the menu, still going home feeling like pythons after consuming an antelope. But MAN, what we ate!

I don't even need to mention the dishes. EVERY DISH was just sublime. (But the shrimp and grits, those I could eat all day long.) And the $5 bottomless mimosas were great, too, with a huge selection of variations, with things like blood orange juice, pomegranate, etc.

So try the Brunch. You will NOT be disappointed. It's normally $29.99 pp, but as BG LV VIP card holders we got a one-time half-off offer thru the email, ending Mar 25. Look into that, if you are a local Nevadan. But believe me, even without a discount, we WILL return this year, especially if we have friends visiting LV to introduce to this Brunch.