Oh boy, where to start??? I gave this place 5 stars!!! Im pretty new to yelp. Before I even saw that it was one of the restaurants on the list, I'd seen a billboard on Paradise everyday going from work. Curiosity hit me so my sister and I decided to go to El Dorado Cantina!
We put the address on the gps and the only thing we saw was a gentlemen's club, famous at that! I have to admit got pretty excited! But, there is two entrances one for the restaurant and one for the club. I've seen reviews quistioning the location, if you ask me its a great business location! Just imagine watching exotic dancers and you're about to hit home or where ever you're going and hey, here is a bright idea there is a restaurant right next door! This place is stylish, beautiful decor and great staff! First time here! Had an amazing time! I checked in and recieved a free flan! So bonus for my sister and I! They brought us out a starter which is your typical chips and salsa. (they give you 3 different salsa's) I ordered from the Signature Tacos: Grilled Mahi; which comes with rice and beans! I did ask about the mango salsa due to we can't eat onions! Best part it didn't bring onions so everything was perfect! First bite in, it was to die for oh my god, all those flavors mixed together! Instant FoodGasm! The rice was interesting too it had a buttery flavor which is unique! My sister had the Tropical Salad with steak! Big portion but it looked beautiful and tasted great! One of the perks is the dressing is on the side, not like other restaurants that drench their salads. Finally, last but not least, we had Mexican Flan which was Gluten free! Not only was it thick and creamy the cherry on top was that Chef Paco himself delivered it to us! The only man that has made me feel like a lucky girl! Amazing service, amazing place, amazing staff and finally amazing FRESH Mexican Food that doesn't make you feel sluggish and fat! My #1 place for Excellent Mexican Food! Keep up the good work! Congrats on recieving top 50 restaurants in the U.S.