I will start by saying that I don't know Mexican food. I put that disclaimer up so that if anyone ever reads these small insignificant little critiques of mine, I can always point to the claim I have no idea what truly this stuff is supposed to taste like because I am not a chef or even a professional. I work in IT for Pete's sake. With that said, this place was one of a kind. I may have only gone one time but that was all I needed.

The building is big, purple, and on the corner right on 24th Street. Talk about location. There is only about 8 parking spaces behind the place but not a worry because we were the first ones there for lunch. Your experience may vary. Inside is way more romanticly themed for 4 guys from work out on their lunch break. Small table, candles, I am not going to say more for fear of my sexuality being questioned. We were seated immediately and had ice water within moments. We ordered a plate of chips and salsa to wet the appetite. They brought us an entire plate covered in guacamole with freshly made chips individually stuck in it. This was a good signal of what was to come.

Fairly basic menu. Spanish terms that I can't easily pronounce. So I ordered what could best be described as a steak quesadilla but in this particular quesadilla was Chihuahua cheese. I have never heard of it before but once I tasted it I realized it is certainly something I won't soon forget. It is a creamy, mellow, and simply delicious cheese. Put that between a nice fresh tortilla and some savory steak and there you have a really great lunch. The only thing I can think of to ding the meal on was portion size. I by no means am a big eater. Quality over quantity all day long. But I could have used a little more to fill me up. Nitpicking, I am.

Go here. Eat lunch or dinner or whatever is appropriate for the time of day you are there. The staff truly care about your meal and your experience. The chef came out and asked us how it was and I never had a half empty glass much less a totally empty glass of tea. The host even unfolded our napkins and placed them on our lap. I have no idea if that is a cultural tradition or not, but it was very pleasant. I shall be back indeed.