I am ashamed of myself. I have been going to Gran Agave since they opened and this is the first time I am writing a review? Shame on me. I remember the first time I saw Gran Agave. I hoped in my heart that it was good. I knew it was authentic due to the originality of the name as well as the proper grammar in the name.

I. LOVE. THIS. MEXICAN. RESTAURANT.

I crave so many things at this restaurant. I try so many Mexican restaurants and I must say that this is not only one of the two top Mexican restaurants in the Pittsburgh metro, but it is also one of my favorite on the East Coast.  There has been a lot of recent change-outs in the servers, but many of them have been there for a while and most of them are super-friendly and helpful. Over the years, the items that we order over and over are:

Cheese Dip
Chicken Soup: tomato, onion, avocado on the side
Chicken Quesadilla
Hard Taco: meat and cheese only
Tacos De Carne Asada: Tomatillo Sauce on the side
Hot Tamale Fundido: Tomatillo Sauce, No Cheese, Sour Cream on side
Fajitas Gran Agave
Gran Agave Burrito: Tomatillo Sauce, Steak Only, no lettuce, no cheese
Carnitas

Don't worry about ordering anything spice (piquant) here. They will accommodate you, but it doesn't add any appreciable flavor. Nothing here is piquant and I don't care, the flavors are vibrant and abundant. You can get the spicier salsa, but it really only tastes of dried habanero and I am not a fan of most things habanero as it is usually just a very shallow taste. 

There is a gradation of food here that goes from American to Mexican. The more American (stereotypical Mexican) your meal is, the more bland it will be. Get out of your comfort zone and order something more authentic. It will only help expand your culinary horizons and your happiness. While the more American food is somewhat bland, it is prepared in a way that allows the flavor of the ingredients to come through. 

I am a fanatic when it comes to their salsa verde (tomatillo sauce). I love tomatillo sauce and Gran Agave has THE BEST tomatillo sauce I have eaten in years and the best one I can still purchase. This sauce is the antithesis of the traditional red sauce that you get at a Mexican restaurant and is authentic. I love the vibrancy and the acidity in the flavor. Ninety percent of the time I am ordering something with the tomatillo sauce, ie. carnitas, tamale fundido.etc.

I am also a fanatic when it comes to good tamales. I don't think people realize how difficult it is to find a good tamale. I never thought I would find a better tamale in Pittsburgh than I am able to find in Miami, but I did. Gran Agave's tamale, in my opinion, is second only to Los Cabos in Lawrenceville. Add that tomatillo sauce to the tamale to get the Hot Tamale Fundido, though, and I am in heaven.

While I personally tend to steer clear of the American foods, I must admit that I do enjoy the Fajitas Gran Agave. This is the signature fajita dish of this restaurant is is leagues above and beyond any of the other dishes. What makes this dish so much better? They add chorizo. Not just any chorizo, but a really tasty chorizo that imparts its flavor to everything else on the skillet. For those of you that don't know, chorizo is a spiced, Spanish sausage that can run from mild to very piquant. 

I crave so many things at this restaurant that I know I will continue to make the journey. I would suggest that everyone try this restaurant at least once, especially considering it will make only a minor dent in your wallet.