If only more restaurants could be like Aunt Chilada's. I'm happy that I have been able to visit several times and look forward to many more visits in the future!

First of all, this place is oozing with history. Did you know that long before Arizona was even a state, this establishment used to be a brothel? Yes, a brothel! Well now, it's of course the furthest thing from a brothel but you can still feel the history living in the walls and parts of the restaurant feel like stepping into a different decade all together.

Second of all, the environment. If there's a restaurant that screams party, this is it and I'm talking about a party for all ages. Whether you're visiting with family and looking for a lively establishment with plenty of patio seating, fun games and hearty food, or you're out with friends eager to share some laughs over margaritas, live music and trivia night, this restaurant's got your covered. This is the ideal restaurant for large parties, private parties and more. They have two very large patios with two outdoor bars, a huge indoor bar area, a spacious main dining room and a more private dining room in the back (that happens to be the original building that housed the brothel!) 

Third, let's talk about the activities. This restaurant knows how to keep their guests entertained! They have live music, trivia nights, bocce ball tournaments, chocolate fountains on Sundays, and special events including a fiesta bash on Cinco de Mayo...just to name a few. 

Fourth and finally, the food. The food is solid Americanized Mexican food. The Nachos are hefty, the pollo Fundido is cheesy & creamy and the quesadillas are a good greasy (the kind you want when eating a quesadilla). This food is exactly what I would expect and hope for when visiting Aunt Chilada's. It's the perfect type of food for this family-friendly, fiesta inspired establishment. 

PS - did you know that these fine folks also happen to own Rustlers Rooste...that awesome cowboy establishment in Tempe complete with a live bull, slide and two stepping? Yes, these folks know how to have fun!