Okay WHY hasn't anyone told me about this place before?!

I think I just found my new favorite Mexican place in the city!! and that says a LOT - I loves mah Mexican food!!

Earlier today my mom and I were on our way to visit a relative when we decided to go have dinner somewhere, I wanted Biaz Market, but she didn't want to try somewhere new. So I suggested Ranch Market and she agreed, as we parked I saw the sign that said resturant, and I thought this location didn't have a deli like the one on the South side does - and we were confused. We chose to just give it a try. And we stepped one foot beyond the large corridors and it was so COLORFUL!

This is what I mean by the 'hood being colorful, but here - you could actually SEE all the colors and it was beautiful. We wandered around and saw the cool stuff they have outside in a lil shopping area. But it was empty! We were worried that they were closed but trugged on ahead. waay in the back was the entrance of the actual resturant. 

We were warmly greeted and seated right away because, at 4:30PM on a Tuesday - they were very empty... there were only 3 tables occupied in their very nicely decorated dining room which was very clean and even boasted a mural. Loves it! :) 

our waiter brought us some chips and salsa but the salsa lacked a kick, it's never hot enought me (that sounded dirty didn't it?!) haha! So I asked for something spicer - he gave me a look of concern and said they had habenero sauce... BRING IT! I was excited... the H-Sauce was KILLER!! But oh - so - freakin - good!! I loved it! i started mixing sauces and dubbed myself the Salsa Alchemist! :D 

After an entire bowl of chips, our food was ready. I had the Sampler Appetizer and it was very good. My mom had the combination with a Red Tamale, cheese enchilada with rice and beans. My sampler appetizer was sooooo good! The Flautas were nice and crispy and the seasoned chicken was awesome and went better with the mild sauce. The mini beef chimi was the BEST damned chimi I ever ever had! I wanted to pack the rest of my meal to go and order a chimichanga and eat that! lol! I had to have my mom sample it and she loved it too! The Sopricitos were AMAZING! I never had anything like that before. The waiter explained that they were a very thick Corn tortilla topped with seasoned chicken, lettuce, tomato, queso fresco & tomitillo sauce. I will definatly go back just for this dish alone! And as if that wasn't enough - the chicken enchiladas were very good, but the sauce was very deep... it had a very dark flavor. Almost too dark, I would have liked for it to have been a lil lighter in flavor. But it was still good.

My mom enjoyed her tamale but felt it was a tad too dry, she wanted red sauce but chose not too ask for it because she felt the enchilada sauce was way too strong for the tamale. She didn't really like her chese enchilada and didn't finish it. But she liked the beans and rice. and really enjoyed the automosphere as well as the chips and salsa. 

Inspite those small faux pas, I'm still giving it the full 5 stars because the service was SO amazing. It's been a while since I've had exceptionally great service. Everything was spot on... 

To my fellow yelpers: you MUST go and enjoy yourself! However, they have crazy-funky hours so look out for the signs that indicate whether or not they're open. I hope more people give this place a go - with the economy the way it is, I'd hate for this place to close because no one's going! And don't be afraid to ask for the Habenero sauce, yes it's melt your tounge atomically hot, but ask for an empty salsa bowl and start mixing the sauces and get your salsa alchimist on!!