Its been too long since I've had Carne Asada and I'm so glad that this place filled that dying need! Flashbacks of roadtrips to TJ/Baja Cali!! Came here during lunch time and place was filled (not one table available and they had plenty). Hey, must be a good sign!

*Ordering Food was Different Here - There were different lines for like different vendors.. Facing the counter - For example: Left side for the chili peppers, Right of that for Carne Asada and  on the Far Right for the Adobada (spicy pork). They have little pails/tip jars on top of the counter that had labels on them that displayed what each station served. Interesting concept..

Carne Asada (steak) tacos: I have been down south numerous times in the past and have had the chance to try some street vendor tacos and this had similarity.. Probably better.. They did serve them on homemade corn tortillas (you can ask for flour if you please) and the typical cilantro, tomato and onions plus guacamole. The steak had its own unique flavor (much different from Robertos), tender and the tortilla just sealed the deal! 

Adobada (spicy pork) tacos: This was a first for me, and won't be the last.. This staton had the longest line for a tasty reason! They shave off the meat from a vertical Rotisserie (like Shawarma), same toppings as the asada except instead of the guac they add this light green sauce. The pork was dark in red in color, super soft, had an unfamiliar yet delicious flavor and the creamy green sauce was the Star of the taco! Another spoonful of the Salsa Verde, Por Favor!  

Yellow & Green Chili peppers and Green Onion Strands: I had a bite of each with just about every bite of the tacos.. Delish!

And Now for the Highlight of the Meal and the Rest of my day - 2 Words: ORANGE BANG!!!!!

I've been searching for this Drink for the last 5 years here in Vegas and the search has finally come to an end! Yeeessss! I grew up drinking this and can't live without it! If you like "Orange Julius" orange blend fruit drink then you Should Fall In Love with this whipped, creamy, dreamy orange beverage.. I must of Drank a couple liters of this stuff!!

Dining in, Felt like I was in a clean restaurant in Mexico, Staff were all Extra Friendly, Quick and seemed happy to work there, Food was Excellent (some of the Best tacos I've had here in Vegas), but the tacos do come small so you may want to load up a bit.... Or A Lot!