I feel like I have to defend Cocomos from some of the poor reviews on here. It is what it is first of all, its a bar/restaurant (technically in Cave Creek, but closer to being in N Scottsdale, but even closer to being in the middle of nowhere)...C'mon, its all the way up at Dynamite & Tatum and that far north there ain't much selection. There's nothing around it for miles. Everything N of the 101 is older crowd (30-60). That's just a demographic of being in the high(er) rent district. Most 20 yr olds cant afford to live up there and nobody is gonna drive up there w the insane DUI laws. So, if you are surprised that Cocomos is full of middle aged people its because you don't get out much or its because you are home from college and staying at your parents house or maybe you are visiting your grandparents. If you are surprised that ANY bar is full of Cougars or cheesy men you also don't get out much! If you are surprised that drinks in N Scottsdale are "expensive" you don't get out much. Funny, I saw someone complain that drinks were expensive but they also said the bartenders pour them strong. You cant have it both ways. I'd rather pay an extra $1 for my drink and have it be strong than save $1 and watch the bartender use a damn jigger. Also, my wife drinks wine there because they free-pour big glasses and don't use those sh*tty little 5.5oz measuring cups that most places pour and set next to your wine glass these days! 

The good: Live Music! Good/Decent live music! No Cover! In this part of town - unheard of! 
The good: Happy Hour! $2 Corona, Corona Lite, 1/2 price apps, $1 street tacos! 
The good: tons of TVs; not 1 but 2 nice patios; 3 pool tables; huge horseshoe bar; nice dining area or eat at the bar; bathroom attendants; lots of free parking; huge glass walls that open during nice weather. 
The good: COUGARS! My single buddies LOVE Cocomos! Since when are cougars a bad thing (unless the review is being left by some 25 yr old homely looking chick who is pissed that the bartender went home with the hot 45 yr old instead)!??? Got news for ya sister, you ain't gonna have much of a chance down in the valley at your crappy Applebees happy hour either. Trade in the bar stool for a treadmill and check back in 6 months. 

We go for Happy Hour and its a great deal. We go sometimes to party and see the bands and its always fun. In general we have had pretty good service at the bar although they kind of go thru a shift change in the middle of it and it can get kinda spotty at times. We have had GREAT service from the waitresses on almost every occasion that there hasn't been a seat at the bar. We ALWAYS try to sit at the bar wherever we go out, but we actually don't mind sitting at the hi- tops at Cocomo's cuz the girls take great care of us. You get the Happy Hour deals at the tables too unlike some places where you only get it at the bar and the bar is full so you sit 5 feet away and have to pay regular price.  I never understood that sh*t.

I have never seen a fight or anything which is strange with live music and pool tables, but there are several bouncers just in case. The girls dance in front of the band. The place is big, clean, well decorated, nice sound system, an actual stage for the band. Good beers on tap. Nice crowd. Free Wi-Fi.

If its a weekend night and there is a band you probably wont get a table and may have slower service....DUH.

If you dont like Cocomos you can go somewhere else, but you will find that there is either nothing else around there or that anything within 5 miles is full of an even older crowd, twice as expensive and twice as boring.  Your only alternative is Desert Ridge, so if you prefer you can go there and hang out at TGI Fridays with the 20 yr olds and drink vodka redbulls and talk about tattoos and skateboards. lol