First of all, I love this place. I plan to come here regularly as long as I live in Phoenix. Before I go on to expound upon the wonders of my first dining experience here, I need to make a brief but passionate comment about the location of this restaurant. I agree that Poncho's  is a gem, but I think it does a disservice to the residents of this area to think of Poncho's as good *given the area*. Part of what makes restaurants like Poncho's so great is that they are family-run, with the passion and experience of many generations fueling their current success. In my limited time here, South Phoenix strikes me as an area that has a lot of heart and soul to it - a lot of the homes in the neighborhood have been in the family for generations, and certain restaurants here reflect this sense of the past and of community. I loved my first experience at Poncho's because it's such a great dining experience with real ties to the South Phoenix community, not in spite of this fact. 

OK, that being said, on to the food and drink! We started with thin, crispy, perfectly salted chips with some hot salsa in a bottle - best starter ever! We ordered margaritas, and our waitress (who was really down-to-earth and helpful) asked if we wanted the "big bowl" ones. "Hmmm, why not," we said (they were priced at $6.50, which is really reasonable). And we didn't regret our choice! They were a little sweet for my taste, but they still had a really great lime flavor and tasted pretty strong. Much better than the limeade Los Dos Molinos tries to pass off as margarita mix! And once we had them along with the chips, the mix started to taste less sweet and became the perfect compliment to the spice of the salsa. 

When we first saw the prices of the food, we were shocked! It was so cheap! It's really impressive that the owners have managed to keep the quality and portions so high while keeping prices so low. Based on Yelp reviews, I recommended to my husband that he try the Pollo Fundido (~$7). I tried two a la carte items - the chile relleno w/ chicken (~$5) and the shredded beef enchilada ($3.50). Everything was so rich but so good! The fried shell and the jalapeno cream cheese on the Pollo were so satisfying, the enchilada sauce was really flavorful, and the chicken was moist. The beans and rice were also really good. We enjoyed every minute of our entrees, which we continued to wash down with the margaritas. 

We left feeling full but satisfied, and we definitely look forward to coming back soon (perhaps for happy hour or to sit in the cantina, which was really lively). Thank you, Poncho's! I'm glad you exist!