My first time to this local place. I had seen it driving by but didnt know anything about it. I won a gift certificate so decided to take julie to lunch today after  a trip down to the capitol.

Greeted and seated quickly. Its was just before noon on Monday but there were a few people already eating. Nice restaurant appearance wish. Usually i go to los dos molinos if i want Mexican food but pretty far from peoria. I use los dos here and especially in springerville for quality comparisons. We also like los hermanos in superior where we eat and take home a quart or two of green chili. (Another story!)

We were attended to almost immediately by the servers. One brought menus the other chips and salsa. Asking if we also wanted the hot salsa (of course!).

Salsa was immediately impressive. Cold and plenty of it with abundant warm yellow corn chips. The hot is served in a smaller bowl and is a thin red puree. Not screaming habanero stuff but somewhat spicier that the general chunky stuff.

I wanted a beer so i chose bohemia. The waiter said the delivery just came and it wasn't very cold but he offered a cold glass which was perfect for that beer.

I ordered the lunch special green corn tamale and julie ordered the chicken lunch special chimi. Both came with rice and beans. The chimi comes with guac and sour cream, just a little.

That guac was as good as my homemade just outstanding. Could have eaten a lot more (as if i need it).

Julie said the chicken chimi was the best she has had nearby. Big compliment from a new mexico gal.

My tamale was covered with cheese and lettuce side. It had very little filling and the masa was the the sweetest I've tasted. Almost a dessert tamale. I prefer unsweet masa but perhaps the other tamales are regular. I admit to being a tamale snob but i wont order green corn again. But it was ok.

Rice and cheesy bean sides were superior. I usually am not a fan of the rice but this stuff was very good. Beans ditto. Just an overall great lunch meal and at 8.95 who can complain.

Good menu. Gets pricier at dinner of course but i want to try it. Prep and presentation superior. I recommend a  try from you other foodies and would like to hear about it.

Peeked in and they have a big nice bar area too. Gotta check that out too.

56th ave and peoria north side.

Great service.