Whenever a friend or out of towner asks me where they can find the best Mexican food in the valley, my answer is always the same.  The more questionable the neighborhood, the better.  That's by no means an exact science (nor meant to be demeaning to the neighborhoods for which many of these establishments undoubtedly take great pride).  But with apologies to the numerous suburban Mexican food establishments that dot the valley landscape, the working class Hispanic neighborhoods of inner city Phoenix are where I've always found the best Mexican grub.  When I told my Dad I wanted to try this place and where it was, he hesitated a bit thinking we were driving into a death trap.  Fortunately my food adventurist side convinced him to make the trip with me to try this place for the first time.  And oh, what a place.

I first found out about Maria Maldonado's creation on a segment of the wildly popular PBS show Check Please Arizona (you can watch it on YouTube right now).  From the onset, you could tell this wasn't your typical Mexican establishment.  While they have all the usual Mexican staples you'd expect (burritos, tacos, fajitas, etc.), the emphasis here is decidedly on seafood.  But even the meat dishes here are completely unique to the valley (more on that in a bit).  Thanks to the Check Please segment and the fabulous Yelp reviews, we came in the door on a Sunday afternoon.  As I expected (though to the shock of my Dad), the place is a rainbow of colors from the furniture, to the walls, to the numerous photos and keepsakes on the wall.  And yet its small enough that it feels like you've walked into someone's dining room.

We got here just before the dinner rush so we got sat immediately.  My Dad and I first got a couple of Dos Equis Lagers to start.  I mention this because the beers that came out were HUGE.  The beers came in cold gigantic beer mugs to where there was at least 2 bottles worth of beer in each mug.  Did not see that coming, but a GREAT start to the evening.  Next, we (unexpectedly) each got a complementary appetizer of ceviche on a tostada.  Basically a variety of different fishes (I think I picked up octopus, shrimp and tuna) mixed with guacamole and other veggies with a hint of lime juice.  Very refreshing dish.  Then they brought out the chips and salsas (one of which was a green salsa that had a big kick to it).  All of this food and drink before we even ordered our own dishes?  Wow.

My Dad got the grilled shrimp skewers that were seasoned and wrapped in bacon and cheese.  I went with the dish this place is most famous for.  A giant molten bowl of green tomatillo sauce and cheese with shrimp, fish, chicken, and beef lining the rim of the bowl (see my photo).  This my friends is the Molcajete Caliente (even the name sounds intimidating doesn't it?).  Both of our dishes came with a side of beans and rice (though even the rice was different as it was more of a rice pilaf).  While the tomatillo and cheese is bubbling hot (and pretty much stays that way), its actually not spicy at all.  But it coated every piece of meat on the bowl beautifully.  The meats were all grilled and seasoned perfectly and with a coat of that tomatillo and cheese I was in heaven.  My Dad absolutely destroyed his bacon and cheese shrimps he loved them so much.  I was going to use the Yelp check in for the free tres leches cake (which they do honor), but we were both so stuffed full of food and beer we couldn't eat another bite.  Between the great food, festive atmosphere, friendly waitress and stuffed stomaches, our first venture here was a highly successful one.

Total tab for the 2 huge beers, chips and salsa, complimentary ceviche tostadas, main dishes, sides, tax and tip was $75.  The Molcajete is $30 by itself so that's what pushed the price a little higher (they also have a bowl for larger groups that runs around $40).  But trust me, this is $30 worth spending.  It can easily feed two or more people (though I stupidity tried to take it down myself).  I'll happily enjoy the rest for lunch tomorrow.  

So like I said, if you're craving good Mexican food, look towards the inner city area.  Even though i was pretty excited about this place, even I was surprised how generous the portions were and by all the freebees.  Its no wonder the place was packed the whole time we were there and why it seemed like every customer was smiling.  The Maldonados originally created this oasis in the desert to help pay for their kids' college education and achieve the American dream for their entire family.  If their cuisine, staff and happy customers are any indication, I'd say the hard work has paid off, many many times over.