I was in town a night prior to my group arriving and was looking for a "fun" environment with some interesting food. I was walking by Javier's and the place just pulled me in.

As I was dining alone, I was more than happy to take a seat at the bar. Unfortunately, the bar was packed, as was the dining room. I told the hostess I would wait for the bar as I did not want to tie up seating. Just as I said this, a server had cleared a small booth and insisted I sit down and enjoy myself.

Kara, my server, immediately came over and offered some chips while I checked out the menu. I asked her for some recommendations and then pondered my choices while she went to retrieve my margarita. The margarita arrived and was exceptional. Kara took my order and I munched on some fresh chips with a refreshing and flavorful homemade salsa.

When Kara came back to take my order, I asked her if it was possible to tweak the Quesadilla de Mariscos. She ran to the kitchen and to my delight, the chef was more than amicable about my request (not exactly common today, especially in a high volume restaurant). The order arrived and it looked and tasted great. The portion was more than enough for one person and could have easily fed a couple ( there was plenty left on my plate, only because I could not eat another bite). Texture was perfect and the flavors were incredible.

I was completely full but not ready to move just yet as I was really enjoying the people watching. I asked my server if she needed the table and she told me to relax and enjoy myself. I ordered another drink and stayed for about 10-15 minutes to enjoy it without any pressure to turn over the table.

Price is a bit expensive for Mexican food, but well worth it, at least in my eyes. I don't mind paying if I am getting exceptional service and food, and both where delivered here.

Just an additional note about my server as I hope management takes the time to read this. Kara truly went out of her way to make sure I was comfortable and kept company during my meal since I was dining alone. Her section was packed, but she came over numerous time to "chat" with me and make sure I felt comfortable there. Being a former food and beverage director as well as general manager of a restaurant, I know how hard it can be to find "all stars," of which she is truly one.

Just a great overall experience and I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Las Vegas that would like to enjoy some serious and inventive Mexican cuisine.