If you live in Tempe near the US 60 on Mill ave or nearby, and have never been impressed by authentic Mexican street tacos, you owe it to yourself to give this place a try. It is very special.

This little joint sits in a strip mall corner unit complete with a picture window that provides breathtaking views of a drive-thru liquor store. It is one of many local businesses alongside a 24 hour fitness club next to a pizza place. Unassuming and uncomplicated come to mind. The service is friendly and prompt. Glass bottled cane sugar sodas with Spanish language labels are kept ice cold in a retro-chic skinny coke machine behind the counter. Large jars of tea and aguas frescas (horchata and jamaica on my last visit) gently sweat away on the counter, all of it kept very clean. The menu board lists prices that compete with any of the ubiquitous yellow-sign 'Anybertos' that sum up the majority of authentic Mexican quick service fare in the Phoenix metro area.

That earns 3 stars. Why the other 2? This was quite simply one of the best meals I have ever eaten anywhere. They know their food is good, but allow it to speak for itself rather than boasting about how great it is.

Nearly everything is made in house, often from scratch, and ingredient not made there is carefully selected to reflect the same levels quality and authenticity (i.e. they only use Mexican cheese). The meats are all either grilled or smoked, and present a wide range of texture from chewy, crispy, crunchy, to tender, often in the same bite (best Al Pastor I've had ANYWHERE). While the meats are surprisingly light and non-greasy without being dry, this is probably not the best place for a diet, or a vegetarian.

I ordered a 3-taco dinner with Carne Asada, Pollo Adobado, and Al Pastor. The Carne Asada was fantastic, as good as any I've ever had. The Adobado and Al Pastor tacos immediately triggered that 'perfect bite' reflex; that moment where you just stop mid chew and slow down and savor every little detail, because your tastebuds are telling you you've found some of that really REALLY good stuff. The beans and rice seemed to be made with equal attention to detail. The refried beans were the most flavorful I've ever had. Not sure if they were using lard, but I could swear there was a faint cheese-like tang in there beyond the cheese melted on top.

I will be going back for dinner tomorrow. And probably the next night until I can try everything on the menu.

Pros: INCREDIBLE food from traditional recipes, great value, unpretentious and universally welcoming. BYOB and there's a liquor store with excellent beer/wine next door.

Cons: Sooner or later this place is going to get a visit and recommendation from a celebrity chef, and it will have a line. I wish they were open later.