Welcome to Burrito Heaven.  There's room for everyone here.

If you have not been to Chipotle, you must.  It is like looking at the face of God and having him stare back, saying "You are my most wondrous creation."

People always say "What's the big deal about a burrito joint anyway?"  Nothing.  But this is a burrito joint like the Super Bowl is a football game.  You start with a giant tortilla.  You start with three small flour tortillas.  You start with a bowl.  You just start.  

What you do from there is your choice, and each choice is rewarding, fulfilling and fresh.  The cilantro-lime rice is steaming when you get it and its citrus-y smell is what I imagine angels might smell like (or the inside of a bottle of Corona or something.  Use your imagination, damn it).

The meats are incredible too.  Chicken is grilled and chopped right where you can see it.  Barbacoa, a slow-simmered and spiced shredded beef, is elegant in its flavors and its tenderness.  The Carnitas, a roasted, shredded pork, is juicy and succulent.  And don't get me started on the Steak...cooked medium and spiced with adobo, it's slightly spicy and super-deelish.

The salsa, from the standard but fresh pico de gallo to the roasted corn salsa to the hot (with seeds) and green mediums, are all a perfect compliment to any and all of the meats, and you can experiment around as you see fit.  Sour cream?  Cheese?  Sure.  But don't cheap out on the extra money you have to pay to get the guacamole.  Thick, chunky, creamy green Jesus in vegetable form is what you'll find, and I swear to God if I find out any of you skip the guacamole, I'll hunt you down and Buffalo-Bill your asses.

The guacamole is so good, it makes Ghandi look like a child-pornographer.

Then they wrap it up in foil.  They hand it to you.  You pay.  You sit down at your seat.  You reach to pick it up and, after feeling the weight of it, think to yourself that maybe you need to hit the gym or something.  You've grown weak.

Only you haven't grown weak.  You're just holding what amounts to about a 2-3 pound piece of Burrito-Christ.  Rip off the foil.  Bite into it.  Taste it.  Savor it.  Paint out your feelings of how great it is on a canvas, lock it away for a year, open it up a year later and view it again.  IT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE.

Ok, so I'm being over-dramatic.  Sue me, I love Chipotle and everyone I've ever known who has come with me to experience has walked away enlightened and full to the brim.  

I should be like a Chipotle shaman or something, I swear :D