I finally made it into Braddahs and man they don't disappoint! This fairly large location serves Hawaiian inspired food a la Chipotle style ordering. Since it's like chipotle I'll probably compare the two.

1.You pick what kind of food item - bowl, salad, burrito, nachos, and possibly tacos.
2. You choose your rice. They have seaweed brown rice or regular brown rice.
3. Pick if you want black beans. Don't remember if they had another option.
4. FINALLY you pick your meat: they have huli huli chicken, steak, Kalua pig, and grilled swai fish. This is the most important step. They let you taste the meats. The meat is seasoned well. The meat was actually my favorite part of the meal.
5. You can add grilled bell peppers and onions for a dollar more & you can add guacamole for extra also.
6. They have 3 salsas you can pick from: pineapple, mango corn, mango and Maui onion. 
7. They have a few other things you can choose to add like cabbage, lettuce, limes, cilantro.
8. I don't know how this works but they have 8 other sauces you can use. They weren't laying around and the meat was so good I didn't bother asking the staff.
9. The 2nd most important step is getting some of their coconut bark. Literally more crack than crack.

I got a bowl, seaweed brown rice, half chicken half Kalua pig, grilled veggies, lettuce, black beans, and a mix of all three salsas. The portion was pretty big. I was scared I wouldn't finish it.

The food was great and tasted fresh. Nothing was over salted, but everything was well seasoned and full of flavor. I have to say I loved their chicken and kalua pig. 

I will say the salsas were a bit of a let down. I definitely appreciate the natural flavors & the gentle hand when it comes to salt but they didn't pack a special punch I was hoping for. 

The girl working the counter alone was super sweet. She was definitely trained well and you could tell management cares about their reputation. The space was clean and the place is affordable. You can get a very filling meal that is truly unique for under $10 including a drink. 

My favorite part is I didn't feel gross after. I didn't feel sodium filled or a food coma'd. 

I can't wait to go back and might be taking a break from Chipotle for a little while.

I had put it at four stars but since I can't find anything bad to say I give this place a solid 5.