I'm not going to lie I don't have much experience with street foods. Pittsburgh simply isn't a big city for them (I've heard San Francisco is the best place for Food Trucks). Other then the occasional hot dog vender they are few and far between here. As far as I remember today was my first street food experience and that took place at Reyna's Taco Shack in the Strip District.

I've been told for the past three months by Kandace that they had the best tacos in Pittsburgh here. Being a fan of tacos, and Mexican food in general, I had to judge them for myself. The shack is staffed by a single man armed with two skillets and few ingredients. I ordered a chicken taco and a steak taco to mix it up a bit.


The Chicken Taco:

Kandace might be right. This was easily one of the best tacos I've ever had in my life. Tortillas are something that can easily make or break a taco and these ones were excellent. They were obviously homemade and perfectly cooked. The guy manning the shack briefly grilled them on one skillet then transferred them on top of the filling for awhile. It really added to the overall taste of the taco. The chicken was shredded pretty thin which worried me at first because the chance of it being dry was greatly increased. I couldn't have been more wrong. The chicken was extremely moist and juicy. Perfectly cooked. This guy was a master of his craft. Each taco was topped with a good amount of sour cream, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and cilantro (which was a nice touch). They had three different salsa to choose from but I chose to eat mine plain. I'm glad I did. I could easily eat these tacos 2 or 3 times a week.

The Steak Taco:

Basically copy and paste everything I just said above about the chicken tacos. I did have one issue with the steak though. It was cut into tiny cubes which made some (not all) pieces pretty chewy. It wasn't as perfect as the chicken but it was pretty close.

The Rating:

Was it filling?: I had 2 tacos and was pretty full. I could have probably had another 2 but I normally devour tacos

Did I feel gross afterwards?: Not really

Would I go there again?: Yes 100%. I'd like to try a burrito or shrimp taco

Would I order it again?: The chicken yes. I think I'd opt to try something different before I got the steak again