There is not a bad thing I can say about Mas!  From the moment you walk in you are welcomed and immediately attended to!  All of the wait staff know us, we are in there pretty often, and they are super nice and are great with kids!  They make an awesome margarita on the rocks and my husband loves to get a Victoria.  Go-to things include the tamales! (both veggie and meat)  The vegetarian ones are filled with peppers and cheese, super delicious for meat eaters and not alike!  The meat ones are filled with chicken.  The masa is tender and moist and perfect.  We also enjoy the tortas.  they all come with beans, cheese, lettuce, tom, onion, avocado, jalapenos and mayo.  My husband enjoys the combinada which is a mixture of chorizo and steak (a Mexican sloppy Joe!) While I usually go for the Cubana which consists of milanesa, a hot dog and ham. (It's so friggen good!)  My husband also enjoys the vegetarian #2 torta which is stuffed with poblano peppers, it looks equally amazing as the rest.  On every occasion we have to get at least one taco. (They gotta be corn tortilla w/ cilantro and onions!) and they give you a little lime wedge to squeeze over it, can't go wrong.  I enjoy the chorizo and steak ones while my husband goes for pastor or lengua.  The lengua really does give it a much meatier, beefy taste.  At lunch I like to get the steak quesadilla with sides of grilled veggies and black beans.  It's nice to have choices other than your regular rice'n'beans.  And how can I forget, they have amazing tortilla chips and super delicious fresh salsa!  The chips are warm and crispy and seasoned lightly.  Nothing beats a fresh tortilla chip!  If someone let me I would probably eat 10 baskets full!  They also have delicious sauces if you ask for them!  There is a green one and a red one.  The green one is a light creamy avocado tomatillo cilantro oniony, spicy sauce (as far as my palate can tell me) and I def prefer it, as my husband prefers the red.  Its a dark smokey spicy sauce.  (sorry I can't be more descriptive of it as I've already consumed half the green sauce bottle by now!)   =]  I put it on the chips, in my quesadilla on my tortas, tacos... anything!  I've tried almost everything, I like the close your eyes run your finger down the menu and stop method.  You will love your pick every time!