As a spandex clad Will Ferrell once yelled from a conference room atop the Empire State Building: "I'm in love! I'm in love, and I don't care who knows it!" Only I sort of do, because if no one knows it then it'll be Maui Dog all over again, and I don't think my frail appetite could withstand that kind of heartbreak a second time. 

We Arcadian's are all too familiar with the "Cursed Cubicle" of land that occupies the space at 3538 East Indian School Road. From Rick's Big Philly to Paul's Little Philly, to my beloved Maui Dog - that space has done nothing but serve as a cruel one night stand of culinary delights, leaving behind a trail of unsatisfied diners in its wake; diners whose only mistake had been daring to dream of something more. 

But back to reality. The food at The Stand is a solid four stars. I'll be the first to admit, I've had a better burger. I've even had a better taco. What sets this place apart from all of the other burger joints and taquerias in the area is not just the good food, but the GREAT service. I applaud the staff and enter my judgment of a solid five star rating for the performance put on by the staff of The Stand. These people actually care, and that's why I care. 

So here's my breakdown of the PROS and CONS: 

They have hand spun milkshakes with FRESH ingredients, like real bananas and salted caramel. And these fresh shakes? They come with real boba-like milkshake straws - AMAZING! The only thing I could find wrong with the shakes was that the salted dulce de leche shake was overly salty - like mouth puckeringly salty. The staff was quick to remedy the situation and delivered a less salty substitute in minutes. This was much better than the first attempt. I think sometimes people tend to forget how overpowering sea salt is - as compared to Kosher salt - and get a little heavy handed. 

The thin and crispy tortilla chips are a plus, but the kicker is the fresh mild salsa (and I mean, FRESH), chock full of roasted tomatoes, garlic, green chilies, and spring onions. 

I like that they use real potatoes for their skin on fries, but the execution was a little weak - they were lukewarm and inconsistent in crispiness. It's a kink with the fryer temp or the timing in service, but I'm sure they'll work it out. 

The burgers were good, like a tasty double patty backyard burger, complete with a "special sauce" of what I assume to be ketchup and mayonnaise, and thick dill slices. I love, love love that they use fresh ground beef and ACTUALLY season the patties with salt and pepper - a mistake that drives me NUTS at other burger joints. It was delicious and took me back to when my grandma used to grill up burgers at home. 

Now the tacos are what really hooked me. I was mildly disappointed that the website boasted "stone ground tortillas made daily." Obviously not the case. They use the typical white corn tortillas you can buy at any grocery store, but if you can get over that fact you're going to LOVE the short rib tacos with pickled red cabbage. I am so in love with these tacos, I'm sure I'll be dreaming about them when I go to sleep tonight, and I wouldn't be surprised to wake up in a pool of my own saliva. I also tried the veggie taco, but found it a little uninspired. I was intrigued by the alternative to the basic veggie taco - you know, where they normally take grilled veggies, slap them on a tortilla and say "here's your veggie taco." After being a loyal customer of La Condesa for years, I hardly ever find veggies tacos that measure up, and although The Stand offers a close second, it's missing that  "oomph." I have to say, the addition of quinoa and black bean to the veggie taco was a great idea, but the entire thing was a little difficult to eat, and a little under seasoned. 

Over all, it's a great utilization of a small restaurant space: it's clean, well thought out, and the enclosed patio was just a stroke of genius. And a pro for families with kids is that there IS a kids menu available (not available to view in the restaurant or on the website, but it does exist)! 

The staff was patient and helpful, quick to make suggestions and corrections where corrections were due; they were actually concerned about what their customers thought, and TOTALLY ON TOP of bussing the tables and making sure their customers had everything they needed. Someday I hope to see an expansion of the menu - I love the idea of keeping it simple but I think my kids would have liked to see a real vanilla milkshake or something like a corn dog or grilled cheese on the kids menu, and I think I'd love to see more burger stand-ins, like roasted poblano chili or fried egg. Mostly the fried egg, because lord knows I am the biggest egg slut on the planet. But for now, I love The Stand the way it is and I can't wait to go back and try the mexican street corn and fresh squeezed lemonade.