This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants on earth! Get ready for a pretty authentic experience complete with Mexican dubbed movies and sometimes Soccer matches on a small television and sometimes some people who appear to be hispanic in origin actually eat here! :-)

This restaurant features all kinds of traditional caldos, served traditionally. I like to get the Caldo De Pollo and a big lado de cilantro which I dump in when I get sick. I always ask for a separate plate because the chicken is essentially poached in the broth and I take the skin and bones off on a plate. It is worth the trouble and comes in a huge steaming bowl with some hot fresh tortillas. I have never been able to finish the whole thing all at once.
Caldo de Res is a big favorite of the customers here, but I must confess I never have ordered it. It comes accompanied with huge sides of limes and onion and cilantro and Fresh Tortillas.

The Enchiladas here are Estillo Jalisco and come grilled with sauce on top. More like a quesadilla than a casserole. 

Freshly prepared Corn Tortillas really set this apart as my very favorite restaurant for a good hearty Jalisco style breakfast! The beans they serve are incredible too! I am a big fan of huevos rancheros but always opt to leave the rice and cheese off of the plate to save room for a tortilla or two. 
Tortillas are natural for sopping up all of the eggy saucy beany goodness! Consider having this for brunch with a vegan friend who is eating calabacitas with guac some Coronas. *sigh* -this is the essense of Phoenix. 
The friendliest staff who you will ever meet. I really grew to love the family who run this place, they are very good people with a genuine talent for food!

For lunch my favorite dish here is the Red Chile special (again, these are served with the best tortillas in town, and again I leave the rice off of the plate, even though it is perfectly delicious rice)

For a Dinner date, I really like the molcajette (I think I spelled it right!) because it is big and flashy with lot's of different flavors within. It comes with grilled white cheese and nopalitos, mexican sausages, carne asada and shrimp among other things, homemade tortillas and chunky soft fresh guacamole -you get the picture? Bueno Bueno!

Very rare traditional items can be found on this menu, and the place doesn't take reservations and can get crowded.

The service is Mexican style -they will not drop the check until you ask them to -because they don't want you to feel rushed :-) totally authentic.  They are happy to bring you the check right away if you ask!