Revo burrito was a favorite of mine so I was sad to see them go. Lucky for me- something WAY better has come along! Mexx32 has been open a week and I'm already two amazing visits in. 

This great new spot in my neighborhood has such an awesome atmosphere. It makes for a cool little date spot, featuring some awesome local art. I easily recognized a few pieces by Lalo Cota hanging on the walls and am absolutely in love with the Mexx32 skull logo. Hopefully I'll see it printed on shirts for sale soon? The lighting, color palette, and even furnishings make this a perfect place for a date or drinks with friends. 

The people here are excellent as well. Our first night we were served by a sweet girl, named Rochelle, who provided attentive service with a cheerful and friendly tone. 
On both visits- the bussers kept our table clear of any dishes we were done with and we even had the opportunity to meet a gentlemen, named Todd, and the owner, Lenny- as they were sure to thank us for our business and see that our experiences were pleasureable ones. 

I have to admit, one of my favorite things about this place is the fact that I located one of Arizona's best local chefs, Austin Carlise, who I met at a downtown foodie festival. He's got a reputation for producing some of the best street tacos I've ever had so naturally- that's what I indulged in my first night when I saw him. I had the Carne Asada taco (with juicy, flavorful meat), the Beer Battered Cod taco (fresh tasting with the perfect crunchiness), and the Shrimp Tinga taco (topped with Chorizo & pico de gallo), per his recommendation. Needless to say, I was impressed again. Better yet- our server told us his tacos have won awards in the past. Glad to know I've still got good taste! 
For dessert, I had the Orange Cheesecake Flan and was so happy with how light and refreshing it tasted. Who knew you could have cheesecake and flan combined?! My favorite part about this dessert is that it's not something you find anywhere else. Awesome.

Our second night there, I tried the rice bowl with Carne Asada (which I can't get enough of) and absolutely have to recommend you try the creamy rice. It's a hearty dish to eat, so expect to be stuffed- but I promise you won't regret it a single bit. Again- the Carne Asada was perfect. I also tried the North of the Border drink from the bar menu and loved the fruit flavors that came through. As before- my waitress was awesome and helped me decide what to drink by breaking down my preferences and matching them to drinks on the menu. 

I'm beyond excited these guys are open and running.

Revo, you will be missed. 
Mexx32, welcome to the neighborhood. So glad to have you near!