The only reason why I was on this side of town was because my best friend was working over here and he wanted to have lunch. I haven't seen him in forever and he said he wanted some mexican food. I chose Leticia's because my sorority sisters suggested (and they are mexican) this place! They said it was a nice sit down restaurant with some really good food. So, of course we had to check it out!

It's located in a beautiful area (super far from my house) in north town. I was surprised! The outside atmosphere looked like a really nice place to sit outside. It was really hot weather at the time so we went inside and got greeted right away from two beautiful ladies! We were seated immediately at a booth. It's really authentic looking decor. Lots of awesome designs and fun things to look at all around the room. Our booth was kinda small for the three of us, but we managed. The two waiters we had were super nice! They spoke in spanish (and my friend spoke spanish as well since he worked in Chile the past two years) so it was pretty awesome to watch! I love mexican food! They started us off with a bowl of chips with two different salsas and beans. They even refilled it if we ever wanted some more! Now time for the hard part. Choosing what to eat. The menu is filled with so many options!

I decided to go with the lunch specials. There were a bunch you could choose from, and I got the burrito lunch special enchilada style with verde sauce on top. It came with lettuce, tomato, beans, and mexican rice. Boy was it super yummy! The burrito was smothered in sauce and cheese. I had to use cholula sauce to add a bit of flavor. The atmosphere inside was really fun. The waiters constantly checked up on us. They even had me try the spiciest sauce there, and MAN was I burning up!!! You should definitely try it if you want a KICK!

They were kind enough to offer dessert which looked delicious, but we turned it down because we were so stuffed from our entree. If you are in this area and want some awesome mexican food other than a chain fast food stop, definitely try this place out! Definitely glad that we did.