This isnt just a restaurant or a meal. Its an experience! A great one at that. This place was an utter delight the second we walked in.The decor rivals anything any of the casinos can offer. We were seating promptly, with a smile, to a huge round booth.We felt truly welcomed immediately.

Then our waitress came out beaming with positive energy and took our drink order. I ordered an Iced Tea, which was great, and in a big glass. Wifey wanted water, as we had already had our fill of alcohol our short Vegas jaunt.

She returned with chips that were purple, and served with 3 different types of salsa. We were warned about the spiciness of the orange habanero salsa, but it wasnt so bad. We enjoyed it. The salsa verde was good. But we devoured the delicious red salsa casera, which was quickly noticed and refilled. Awesome.

We shared a chicken Gordita plate as an appetizer. They came out smaller than we expected. No worries though, we enjoyed them. Very good.

Wifey ordered the Carne Asada Nachos. They came out with great presentation, and plenty of meat. All the fixins. They took Nachos to another level. Portion was big enough to share.

I had a Carna Asada Burrito. I would place this Burrito in the top 10 all-time Carne Asada burritos ever. I found myself eating slowly to savor the goodness. Fantastic.

Chef Paco came out to greet us, and thank us for our patronage. We showered him with compliments and thanked him for making us such delectable food. What a nice, geniune Hombre.

We recieved complimentary Flan for checking in on my phone. My Wife has HATED Flan since childhood, and reluctantly tried some. SHE LOVED IT! Because this is the worlds greatest Flan! No joke, this is the best Flan either of us have ever had BAR NONE. If you try it, try to incorporate some of the mint leaf into your bite, it adds a little extra to the indulgence.

This restaurant has earned our loyalty, and we will be coming here every time we are in town. We rather enjoyed the adventure in finding this place, and dont mind the strip club next door. If you dont like strippers, you shouldnt be in Las Vegas.

Well done guys