These other reviews are spot on. 

Atmosphere: Very casual and clean. 3 or 4 TV's hanging on the wall that they will change to whatever channel you are looking to watch. There is outdoor seating which is nice with this amazing AZ weather coming up. It's in a strip mall type of place so the view isn't great but they have it available at least. The capacity is 50 max so it's a small place. It has never been crowded when I've been in but I hear rush hour lunch can get a little crazy. A true bonus is their candy counter. I'm talking old school candy. Wax Lips, Wax Fangs candy necklaces, Razzles, candy cigarettes, Cherry Cocktails, Big Hunks, and loads of Mexican candies. My daughter loves this place just for the candy counter. (she loves the food too but she is a sweets phine)

Food: Their fry bread is hands down the best fry bread in AZ. Some of their toppings are green chile, red chile, beans, shredded chicken, shredded beef, cinnamon, honey, powdered sugar, etc. Absolutely delicious. If you are aren't human and fry bread isn't your thing, they also have burritos, chimis, tacos, tostadas, tamales, and menudo on the weekends. The dishes I've had have not been greasy, overcooked, or bland; which is what you find at most Mexican restaurants that attempt this type of restaurant. Their menu is simple but ample. They have horchata too! NOT the Ole' Jose crap stuff but real homemade sweet creamy horchata. Seriously, it's a little gritty which translates to amazing horchata. I have always been disappointed in Carolina's because they don't have homemade horchata but I'M SO GLAD I FOUND A PLACE THAT DOES.

Service: AWESOME. There are always two guys there; one I'm assuming is the owner if not both of them. They are incredibly friendly and by the time you are done paying with a debit card, your food is waiting in the pickup area. Oh! That reminds me...the "pickup area" is stocked with everything you need. Cinnamon, honey, Nutella, Sriacha, salsa, powdered sugar, and other common condiments and supplies. They will come clear your plate from your table if you are dining in and ask if you need a refill or two. They are total sweethearts. 

Support your local economy and small businesses. This place is definitely worth keeping around. Go Angelina's!