Tradiciones fires on all cylinders like a Speedy Gonzales hot rod and I'm lovin it. I am a sucker for strolling mariachis, mamacita servers in red frilly dresses, festive digs and authentic and delicious Mexican food.  Usually one or some of those elements are missing from your typical Mexican restaurant. It seems like not much to ask for, but I can't seem to get it all at once in Phoenix.  They even somehow manage to pull it off without seeming cheezy or contrived.

I'm not that surprised though. Tradiciones IS right next door to Phoenix Ranch Market, which was accurately described by Mr. K as Mexican Disneyland and is what Food City wishes it was.  Since the entire strip is a renovated K-Mart from back in the day, Tradiciones has taken over the old Garden Center space, which you'll notice is now a cool plaza-style patio with space for a band. It's hard to choose between their inside or outside, but indoors is where you'll find the lunchtime buffet if you're in a hurry, and a high ceilinged dining room and more Mexican murals and colorful decoration you can imagine.

I was here most recently for a business lunch with suits and formality and all that mess. 

Food highlights include the Bistec ala Mexicana simmering in a red caldo of veggies and sauteed beef strips (reminiscent of my mom's btw), the pollo margarita simmered in margarita mix with chipotle ranch and queso fresco was ok, but the clear winner was the seafood enchiladas (shrimp and veggies in a lobster cream sauce) - simpler than how they do at Barrio, but every bit as good.  I really enjoyed the fresh lemonade.  This place also passed my Mexican litmus test of beans, rice and tortillas (they have to taste at least as good as my grandma's).  If a restaurant can't master those staples, then it's a hopeless effort.  

The servers here are quick and courteous, but speak Spanish for the most part. The food was about a solid 4 stars, but the service, decor, atmosphere and just plain real-ness elevate it further to 4.5 stars.