By far my favorite meal in Scottsdale/Phoenix this past weekend.

If you don't want the back-story just skip to the bottom paragraph for how the food is...

My hockey team had a tourney this past weekend in Scottsdale/Phoenix area and my girlfriend and I are referred to as "Yelp snobs" by family and friends.  After an extremely long night of drinking, dancing and hot tubs, I woke up with a huge appetite.  My girlfriend and I had been eating healthy-ish all weekend and I wanted a ton of carbs.  I read the reviews about this place and decided we needed to go.

We drove about 10 miles to get here, which seemed far at the time but really wasn't. ha  When we arrived the first thing we noticed was that the only sign they have is a sign that basically states unattended children shouldn't be here. AWESOME!  We walk in and there is a little bit of a line, so I assume there will be a wait.  Nope the busser/host immediately started sitting everyone in line.  He took us to a large table in a room filled with wine shelves all over.  It was a family style table that seats 8 with about 3 people sitting down.  We took a seat next to a regular who gave us great incite on this place as well as some of the inside jokes that are on the menu... Mary Patty's Special.  Just saying sometimes the people you meet can make the experience a thousand times better.  If we hadn't meet James we still would have truly enjoyed Dick's.

Service - I hardly ever saw my waiter.  He came every now and then but didn't seem to interested in our table... however the busser is another story.  He honestly kept me full of coffee and water the entire time.  He was such a mover I honestly want him to work at my restaurant if I owned one.  This guy definitely made me think about my waiter in a bad way because of how good he was... I really really hope that they tip the busser out well because he is the one I wish I handed my bill to after the meal was over.  Just stellar service. 

Now on to the food.  My girlfriend ordered huevos rancheros with over easy eggs and green sauce and I ordered breakfast enchiladas, over easy eggs and green sauce.  Both of these meals came with a LARGE side of beans (spicy and tasty) and a good breakfast potato.  When I saw the size of my plate my eyes lit up.  My girlfriend and I spent about an hour and a half eating our brunch.  When we both decided we were done we still had about a 1/3 of the plate leftover.  Since we didn't have a fridge at the hotel we decided we shouldn't take home the leftovers... It was the hardest decision I have ever made.  When I come back next year to Scottsdale for the hockey tourney I will be coming back to Dick's Hideaway and ordering some thing else on the menu.  I really hope the busser is there and he has been promoted to server.  Great place and highly recommend this restaurant.