I hosted a UYE (unofficial Yelp event) for their sunday brunch and the food and service was awesome. I wrote up a detailed review of my last visit and this one was just as good, possibly better. Consistency and value - they get the 5 stars. I think we will come here for Sunday brunch quite often actually. 

There was a smaller back room where we were seated. We got sat right away, even though our whole party wasn't here. We were able to make a reservation for it and our table was ready for us at 11:30am. 

I wondered if the menu changed per week and this was slightly different from this week to the last time I went. If you're curious of the offerings, they actually update their website menu for that weeks brunch so you know ahead of time what is in store. They keep staples the same but the soup rotated (last week- caldo de res, this week-menudo) and one signature dish changed (last week- shrimp ranchero, this week- gallo al cognac). The rest were consistent to what I thought of last week but these two new items were very good! The menudo was so tender, almost melty. The gallo al cognac was awesome. It had a yummy mushroom creamy sauce.... I don't know how Mexican this is, but it's something similar to a dish I make at home. They ended up being the favorites, along with a lot of people shoveling shrimp ceviche and guacamole in their faces. 

The one difference I found out about this visit was about the drinks. Yes, with the $13.95 buffet drinks come with, including mimosas and margaritas and I knew about that....BUT.... I thought that you can get only the house margarita last week, but found out this week you can also request flavors! They had so many, but the popular ones for the group were mango, strawberry, midori, midori pineapple. If you get flavored, they come blended UNLESS you specify on  the rocks. I prefer on the rocks myself. 

Service was very good, considering how big our party was and that the rest of the restaurant was also busy. Kyle was our main server and he was friendly and great on trying to keep up on the consistent beverage orders of the group. We had a few hiccups with drink orders, but I don't think having EXTRA margaritas brought to us was a fault at all. If someone wanted rocks and it came blended, someone in our party would want it. One nice touch was that it was Jieun L.s birthday this week and we were talking about it and wishing her well. Our server overheard us and took it upon himself to gather up some of the staff to play instruments and sing to her Mariachi style! They donned her in a giant sombrero and gifted her with a giant tequila shot and churros! It was a really nice touch and a fun highlight in our meal. 

I feel like the more people will catch on to this buffet, there's going to be a line to get seated and a price hike. Until then, the BF and I agreed to come often for the great value brunch. This is one of those places that is in my neighborhood and I feel, why haven't I tried this sooner? Finding out about the brunch was a really happy accident.