LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!
Long overdue in writing a review for this restaurant.
Great for groups, couples, singles, families.........
Yes, it is a chain restaurant, but it is so much more than that.
I have been a patron of this establishment for 10 years and have never had bad service or a bad meal. I always leave pleasantly stuffed and happy.  Norm, the bartender is awesome and keeps you well stocked with the excellent chips and salsa. He makes a mean margarita as well!  He has been there for a very long time (12yrs I think) and is just a great guy and is always smiling!
I moved away from AZ for a year and missed El Torito so much! It was the first place I went out to eat when I moved back! 

The Combo # 3 is my fav. The Tamales are great and that sweet corn cake, mmmm....what can I say?  
The prices are very reasonable compared to other stupidly OVERpriced restaurants nearby. I have spent hundreds of dollars on trendier (whatever..LAME!) places  in Scottsdale  and have been very disappointed. 
I am always pleased when I leave El Torito. ( And I can be a tough cookie) Everyone working here always has a smile on their face and are genuinely nice( which is not a typical SNOBBSDALE attribute) 

So, if you are visiting the Scottsdale/Phoenix  area, or if you are a local, stop in, see Norm, have some great chips and salsa  and enjoy excellent customer service.  HAPPY HOUR in the Catina(bar) M-F  4-8pm,  great drink specials and deals on appetizers . AND  they have 1$ tacos on Tuesdays (in Cantina) and PENNY specials on Thursdays 4- close    (purchase any enchilada entree and keep the enchilada coming for just a penny or purchase Any entree and receive a side soup or salad or sweet corn cake for just a penny! 2$ off cadillac margaritas also on Thursday)   
SAVE EL TORITO!!!!!!  
I swear , if we had the money we would buy the place and save it from Corporate, Trendy ,Stupid Development. 
Really, do we need another trendy(ultra over priced) restaurant, boutique or store for that matter?  
SAVE EL TORITO !!!!!!