I was going to meet a friend for lunch at Barrio (one of the only places you can get "real" Mexican in Phoenix, which I could never understand -  we are less than 4 hours from the border!!). Unfortunately, it was before I yelped much, so I neglected to notice that they were closed Mondays:( Dejected, we drove down the street looking for someplace else to go. I can't remember if it was the Catrina that drove us in, but as soon as I saw the salsa bar, I knew I was in heaven. It was like actual food that I've actually eaten in Mexico (rather than assorted patterns of tortillas, rice, beans, and cheese). Now we take all visiting friends and family to this place. A visitor from LA said they were the best tacos he had ever eaten and I'm sure he wasn't lying. 

Many people have commented on the salsa bar. My favorites are the creamy ones (pecan, peanut, and cilantro) and most of all the sesame (to me, the spiciest one on the bar), and usually I try to sample some of each one - but taste is in the eye of the beholder. The important point is that you don't want to fill up on the chips, because you will be sad when your huge plate of food comes. So I'd like to share my strategies for maximizing the salsa enjoying experience without getting uncomfortably full.  I start by limiting myself to 5-6 chips which I break into smaller pieces for dipping. Once the food comes, I take the second tortilla from each of my veggie tacos (the tacos themselves already have just the perfect type and amount, so it's pointless to try and add more) and use it to scoop up the salsa. With only the one remaining tortilla, you do get some drippage, but you can add more salsa to any veggies and cheese that fall out and eat it with a spoon. Then for dessert, I pour the cilantro salsa on my rice. Mmmm, salsa. I would buy this stuff by the tub if they would let me. BTW, I asked - they just laughed. 

The only draw back is that my poor husband tries to order a margarita every time we go, and they still don't have any. I hope someday they will take his advice and add it to the menu.