I was disappointed when the little BBQ place that once occupied this space closed, and I was perplexed when I noticed that a new Mexican restaurant was opening up in its place. A Roberto's had recently opened up in the same small shopping center. Why would they choose to set up shop so close to the competition? As it turns out, Roberto's is no competition at all. My boyfriend and I decided to check out this new shop and see if the menu looked any good. We had a back up plan... "If the menu sucks, we'll go to Roberto's." We walked up, and checked out the menu through the window (I hate walking into small businesses, making eye contact with the prideful business owner, and walking out. I feel bad, REALLY bad.). All it took was two words and the boyfriend was sold, wet burrito. I had already seen a few things that looked tasty including some fresh salads, fajitas, quesadillas, tacos, nachos, and combo plates. In we went. 

We were greeted by a super friendly guy who was all smiles. He had a great energy, and I could tell he was passionate about the food. Upon further inspection of the menu, we discovered something so sinful and amazing that we agreed that there was no way we were getting out of there without giving it a try... Fries. Fries? Yes. Fries. Fries covered in cheese, beans, cream, guacamole, and Mexican salsa with your choice of chicken, steak, or shrimp. YUM! The final order was a wet steak burrito for him, a dry steak burrito for me, and an order of steak fries. I knew it was going to be a ton of food, but I had no idea what was in store for us. The food and two regular drinks came to about $25.00. It might seem kind of pricey, but the fries were NOT an appetizer. They were a meal for two by themselves. After placing our order, he immediately got to work preparing our food. The kitchen was very clean, and everything was prepared fresh to order. I swear that there was nearly an entire cow on the grill. There was that much beef. 

As he was cooking, we carried on a conversation. I asked how business was going and he said, "Everyday it gets better. It's been three weeks, and we're doing good." He also shared that there was another location near the Boulevard Mall that has been open for 11 years. Then I asked the dreaded question, "Is Roberto's giving you guys some competition?" His reply was a simple, "No," followed by a big smile. I said, "So your food is THAT good huh?" Again, he smiled and nodded. 

The food was indeed THAT good. The steak fries came out first, and we immediately got to work devouring the delicious mountain of yummy goodness. After our burritos arrived, we moved to the outdoor seating. I will be honest. I never made it to the burrito, but my boyfriend did, and he says it was delicious. He asked me what night of the week should be Rivas night, so we are already planning on becoming regulars. I had to go in and ask for boxes to go, and I can't wait until lunch tomorrow when I will get to try my burrito.