Where have you been all my life Espos?  Where?  I have traveled up and down this state, Mexico, New Mexico -- and each and every Mexican food place in between it that has it, I order Green Chili.

Why Green Chili do you ask? Because at a young age growing up in Gilbert, I was already spoiled with a variety of foods mixed in between our cultures and any event is an excuse to chow down.  During a "Gilbert Days" years and years ago, I decided to have a Green Chili burrito from a stand on the side as I was starting to get sick of bean&cheese and red beef burritos.  When I bit into this burrito and started eating it, I had what some would call a monumental religious experience. My mouth exploded with such flavor and texture it compelled me to seek out this recipe with every fiber of my being henceforth. Once you have tasted it, you are forever changed. It caused me to try every green chili recipe I could (and most weren't suitable).  I tried to deal with Filberto's variant, too spicy at times, too chunky, meat was stiff.  I even kept going to Chalo's in Globe for their version which is comforting, not spicy. A friend told me my search for this Green Chili recipe was like Johnny Depp's character in 'Once Upon a Time in Mexico"

Skip to a few months ago..Wife tells me she sees this sign by Chandler Mall, just a few miles from us proclaiming their green chili is worthy of trial.  My interest was piqued. Could they provide something comparable to something that I haven't had in almost 2 decades?  We went there and I ordered the Green Chili plate and a real Coke(awesome).

I took a slice of tortilla, dipped it in the mixture.  It seemed they cooked it properly with shredding the meat. texture looked perfect.  I bit into it and.....

I am not absolutely clear what happened next, my wife tells me that my consciousness seemed to have gone somewhere else for a bit and when I came back, mentally, I could only mumble 3 words over and over "this is it, this is it, THIS IS IT!". I went right to the counter and told them the green chili they have is what I have been looking for all my life.  They looked at me like I was crazy but you know good food when you have it, you know great food when you have it and you know to compliment the cook when it does happen.  

The rest of the green chili I inhaled - now I don't mean that I ate it super fast and with gusto - I mean that I was eating it with such passion and fury that I subconsciously used my lungs to assist my mouth in placing as much of the Green Chili in each bite where it belongs, IN MY BELLY.

This is the place for your Mexican comfort food.