Soooo... I really -don't- want to review this place, because I would hate for you all to find it and crowd it up, but since I'm a good Yelper, I'll share this gem with you!

This is our favorite Mexican food place to go to, hands down. The boy and I have probably, combined, been here six times already within the past six months. A couple of things that make it so popular for us that we go, on average, once a month? Their mailer coupons, which offer a "buy one get one free" lunch AND dinner special, and their (now) $2.99 margaritas. Last time we came, their margaritas (all the time, not just happy hour) were $1.99, but apparently too many of you already are catching on, so they've raised the price a bit.

But for two people who are broke as jokes (literally... boo!), we get stuffed AND drunk, or what I like to call "fat and sassy."

We've never ordered anything from here that wasn't good... that is a comment from the boy, because while he ALWAYS tries something different, I always get the same thing. Why mess with perfection??

My favorite meal: the veggie burrito, which comes stuffed with spinach and other random veggie goodness, and guacamole IN the burrito-- awww yeah buddy! Side of Mexican rice and black beans (or you can be healthy and get a side of salad.) Get in my mouth!

The boy's favorite meal now is probably the chicken fajitas he had last night, but he's also had their enchiladas, a few of their fish dishes, and some of their "combined plates", which are HUGE plates of food.

Prices for full meals range from $7-$13, and the $13 plates that I've seen are huge! Most, if not all, dishes come with sides, like rice and beans or salad, and guacamole, so you're really getting your money's worth.

Like someone else noted, you can get drunk here for cheap, albeit not as cheap as before. The drinks are $2.99, big and incredibly strong. Mi Pueblo knows what's up!

We walked out of there last night (using our BOGO coupon) for $25, including tip and 4 margaritas. Not too shabby!

Also, word to the wise: it's seat yourself mostly, so save yourself the awkward moment of coming in and standing there, looking like a shlub. Grab a seat, they know you're there ;)