Qualifications:  Resident of San Diego for 4 years, frequenter of Taco Shops.

Quick synopsis:  Highly Recommended, great food great prices.  Will go back soon.

We had a group of 4 total, one of which is an 11 month old baby, for lunch around 1:30 on a Saturday.  We sat at a table pretty quickly however the 2 baby seats were taken.  By the time were were leaving every available seat was taken.  To start they brought out some chips and salsa.  The chips were regular but the salsa's were home made and fantastic.  There was a red and a picante.  I bought a cup of the picante for $4 to take home, it was pretty much the perfect spiciness.  

Between us all we order Chile Relleno, Taco Dinner, Veggie Sopa, Chicken Enchilada, and a Chicken Taco.  My order was the Relleno and for $7 I couldn't expect anything more.  Rice, re-fried beans, lettuce, tomato, the chile, and 5 corn tortillas.  I was really stoked on the tortillas because usually a place only gives you like 2.  Everything on the dish was very good.  I was actually really surprised on how tasty the chile was.  It came with a "traditional red sauce" on it that complimented it really nicely.  I am a pretty big eater and was satisfied after I was done.  

My baby had the chicken taco for $2.  She can't talk but we are pretty sure she loved it.  We were really happy that there was something so simple on the menu we could offer her.  I finished off what she didn't eat and I thought the shredded chicken had a great flavor and was tender.  My wife got the taco dinner that came with beans and rice.  It came with 2 tacos carne and pork.  She said she really liked the carne but the pork was pretty standard.  She wanted to specifically note that the tortillas were fantastic, I agree.

Mother in law got the Sopa ($3) and Enchilada ($7).  I had a bite of each.  I haven't eaten too much sopa but it was absulutely delishes, I like to call it an open faced tamale.  Her burrito was covered in a green sauce that had quite a nice flavor, you could really taste the pepper in it.  MIL said they were really good and the value for the price was excellent.

I wish I could give out fractions of stars because I don't really like giving out 5 unless it totally blows me away.  I would give them at least 4.5 though.  It exceeded our expectations, which started high, and the prices were very good.  The dining area isn't very large so if you have a big group I would probably stay away.  But for a family I think it was perfect.  Nice moderate ambient noise to keep baby happy and great food for dad.