My husband and I are huge fans of the food truck, Chrome Toaster. Thus, after finding out that Chef Aaron opened up a restuarant in Fort Mill (where the old Passion 8 used to be), we had to go check it out!!

We came here this past Friday evening around 8:30pm or so. The place was busy but we were seated immediately. Inside there are a good amount of tables, a large bar with numerous bar stools, and a side room with a large table that can be rented out for family events or to just casually sit at (I have a large Italian family that HAVE to sit at the same table, so I can totally appreciate this room with a huge table in it!!!). There is also an outside patio with numerous tables and lighting. The place is decorated, for lack of a better word, very cute!

My husband ordered the Duck Rabbit Stout (the local beer selection was excellent!!!) and I got the Habanero Strawberry Marg. The margarita was absolutely delish and a perfect mix of spicy and sweet!

We ordered four different things on the menu to share....since it is a tapas style restuarant. They came out at different times but there was never a long wait in between, which was perfect!! We got the shrimp pupusa (anyone that knows me knows I LOVE pupusas!!), brussel sprouts, tamale special of the day, and the duck confit tacos special of the day. The shrimp pupusa was definitely the highlight....so many awesome flavors and the shrimp were nice sized! The sprouts were perfectly cooked and the chorizo was a great flavor touch! The tamales were nice and light (came with two). Lastly, the duck tacos (came with 3). Man, such a great end to the meal!!! Chef Aaron stopped at all the tables throughout the night just to check on everyone and make sure they enjoyed their food, which I thought was a nice touch! 

This is such a great local place that truly makes an emphasis to serve delicious food with quality ingredients. I am so excited that Tapas 51 will be added to list of incredible, locally owned restaurants with the Charlotte area!