I don't like to layer review on review for a single establishment (I seem like a plant!) and I don't like handing out 5-stars either.  Nonetheless, I'm countering a recent review of GG's that said "worst Mexican ever",  I think that was a bit over-kill.  But I recognize everyone has different tastes---some people think Taco Bell is "best Mexican ever".  

So Tuesday night, we took friends from out of town to Guido's.  I had my pork belly tacos, DH had the red enchiladas, one friend had the creamy white enchiladas and the fourth had the red & green lasagna.  It was all so good!  (The black beans---omgosh!  Delish!)  Our friends, who are from Tampa and don't cook so they eat out all the time, raved.  We were waited on by Scott and he was great.  The storms of the morning had blown out, so it was just a lovely night and a good time was had by all.

Fast forward to Saturday night.  Hiked Spur Cross, explored Cave Creek and Carefree, went out to Bartlett Lake for the sunset.  Coming home, we gave our guests a choice of restaurants---there's a lot of good restaurants in Carefree and Cave Creek.  They wanted to return to GG's.  Really?  We just ate there.  Wouldn't you like to try *** or ***?  Nope, Guido's, please.  So we returned.  

Sat on the patio, was waited on by the owner, Chris, who managed to be warm and friendy and serve us and the other upper patio tables promptly and professionally.  This time, the table ordered the guac and salsa and chip, which was enjoyed by the guys---although I had a house salad with some of that wonderful buttermilk ranch dressing---followed by: red & green lasagna, GG's lasagna, and another round of creamy white enchilada for the other two.

Excellent!  My GG's lasagna was quite good, although I regretted I didn't order my favorite pork belly tacos and black beans---just that I LOVE them.  DH said he thought his Italian was as good as the red enchiladas he usually orders and our friends chowed their Mexican.  I was the only who had leftovers!  (Ahouldn't have had the salad, but that b-milk dressing is so good!)  The at Crhis's urging, we shared among us a bowl of spumoni to finish  That won't happen again.  Next time, everyone gets their own bowl.  It was really good ice cream.  A great cap to a delicious meal.

So, we think GG's is really good for food, service and ambiance and recommend!