Escobar's might be the best restaurant in Champaign. 

The atmosphere is cozy and comfortable. The wait staff has always been pleasant and attentive. And the food is almost always impressive. 

I'll acknowledge other reviewers who gripe about the time it can take to receive your food. Going to a fine restaurant should be an event, not something you rush through. It's an experience. I've never found a meal here to take longer than similar fine restaurants. A typical meal at Escobar's might last roughly 70 - 90 minutes if you get an appetizer, entree and dessert. Not unreasonable at all, but maybe a little longer than a meal at Chili's, for instance. ;-)

As for the food, you'll be served a small basket of assorted breads once seated. These are always fresh, delicious and unique. Some sweet, some savory. I never know what kinds we'll get, and I always get a little bit excited to see what will be in there. Please excuse my nerdiness. 

Below is a rundown of some of the dishes I've had at Escobar's. 

Appetizers: 
Coconut crusted shrimp - fantastic. The shrimp are enormous and perfectly fried. Served with a delicious orange-jalapeno dipping sauce.

Duck confit taquitos - a taste sensation, but at $10 for just 2 taquitos, it's a bit of a splurge. Almost an amuse-bouche than a true appetizer. If there were 4 in an order, getting this would be a no-brainer every time. 

House made guacamole - a huge portion of freshly-made guacamole, served with a heaping pile of warm, roasted tortilla chips. This is a favorite when I come here. 


Entrees:
Filet mignon and andouille sausage kebobs - my new favorite dish. I have never had such tender, melt-in-your-mouth filet mignon in my life. The andouille sausage was a nice, spicy accompaniment. Huge portion. Absolutely delicious. 

Phyllo wrapped lamb loin - a bit overrated. The phyllo was a little burnt when I ordered this, and there wasn't much of a sauce. 

Crab cakes with guajillo cream sauce - O.M.G. The crab cakes are light, flaky, fresh, and this guajillo cream sauce - a bright orange sauce, takes this dish to a whole new level. Spicy, smokey - it's a heaping forkful of warm love going in your mouth every few seconds. Love. 

Sauteed shrimp and scallops - a forgettable, bland dish - and the scallops were gritty (my worst nightmare whenever eating scallops). One of the few disappointments I had when dining here. 


They do have a small dessert menu. Mango rum cheesecake, lemon curd pie with berries, flan (I never knew I liked flan until I tried it here!). Dessert portions aren't too big, nor too small. The perfect way to end a fantastic meal. 


Again, service has always been friendly and attentive. Once, we were not waited on for about 10 minutes after being seated. When our waitress realized her mistake, she offered us free soup to make up for it, and gave us excellent service during the rest of our meal. She went out of her way to make it up to us, and we appreciated her enthusiasm. 

One of my favorite restaurants in the C-U area!