This place is definitely worth the trip! Molcajetes are their specialty, and it shows. "Molcajete" is Mexican Spanish for mortar, as in mortar & pestle. These are quite a bit larger than your usual kitchen mortar and made of volcanic rock. If you order one, your food is cooked and served in the mortar, and the sauce is still bubbling like lava when it comes to your table.

The two of us couldn't decide exactly what we wanted in our shared molcajete (and damn, were we glad we shared one, they're enormous!), so we got the combination one that has beef, chicken, and shrimp, along with the usual lime wedge, cactus strips, radish slices, avocado slice, large slice of tomato, and amazing red sauce, served with either flour or corn tortillas (we chose corn; they were soft, white corn tortillas, and very tasty). That alone could have fed three people, so needless to say we didn't try anything else while we were there, save for the chips & salsa they give you in the beginning. That salsa was also super tasty!

We were completely entertained the whole time watching Univision on the few mounted flat-screen TVs. Well, one of them was playing all music videos, and the other two were tuned to Univision. During most of our stay, a telenovela was on. This might not be as amusing to those who don't speak or read Spanish, but then again, I think they're pretty entertaining regardless.

Previous reviews have noted that Los Molcajetes has separate English & Spanish menus and that they don't accept cards. Perhaps they've recently changed these things, because the menus we were given were bilingual, and there's a sign in Spanish in the back of the room that says they accept both credit and debit cards but charge $1 for the service.

I also saw at least one previous reviewer who noted feeling like "idiot gringos" or something to that effect because they stood around waiting for someone to assist them when they walked in. When we entered, there was a sign just inside the door that said "Sientense donde gusten," which translates as "Seat yourselves wherever you'd like," and that's what we did. So, gringos, if you see this sign, pretend it says "Please seat yourselves" and act accordingly. ;) Be aware that if you do so, however, the very friendly waitress may think you speak Spanish and start out speaking to you in Spanish when she comes to your table, like she did with us. Both of us do understand and speak decent Spanish, but the waitress quickly realized that our main language was English, so she accommodated. Don't be scurrred, is what I'm sayin'.

Yes, as mentioned by others, there are vendors (of CDs, beaded jewelry, etc.) and musicians who wander in & out of the place and will come by your table to see if you're interested in what they're selling. A simple "no thank you" and a smile is enough to get them to quietly move on; no one tried to hard-sell us or was particularly bothersome. I've noticed several (probably American) reviewers remark about this aspect of the restaurant negatively, and some have even knocked a star or two off for it. This phenomenon of wandering vendors is actually quite commonplace in restaurants throughout Latin America in all but the fanciest of places, and anyone who's travelled around a bit likely knows this and won't be aggravated by it.