Here's what I love about La Parilla Suiza: its simply good. The strip mall location across from the un-hip PV mall doesn't bely the fantastic experience inside. 

I've eaten there many times throughout the years and it never disappoints. Since leaving PHX, its been a couple of years since I stopped through, but this experience felt like a homecoming. Why do I bother with other "trendy" locations when my old friend stays consistently great?

The tortilla soup is EXACTLY what it is supposed to be. If you get it, don't skimp on the sour cream and avocado because the extra calories are well worth it. The broth itself is flavorful if simple, the tortilla strips are toasted THEN added to the soup and its just too good for words.  I also had the fish tacos on this trip - I usually don't eat fish tacos, there is nothing worse than a place that messes up such a simple dish, but La Parilla didn't disappoint. The tortillas are soft and pliable, the fish was remarkably good and the batter wasn't too over powering. They don't heap 12lbs of junk on it, they just let it shine. They keep the fresh chips coming and the "green" salsa is so good, I usually ask for additional to take home.  I have had the Parilla Suiza that other Yelpers love and I concur with their assessments too. 

And on our last trip, during a fairly busy lunch, we are greeted with warmth immediately both at the door and by Hector our waiter. He practically TRIPPED over himself to give us great service. Never rushing, just making sure everything was great. He made recommendations and honestly, made me feel like I was in the large home of a great cook. 

I just think the food here is underrated, its simple, fresh and well done. The service is always warm and prompt..and I now that my green salsa is gone, I guess I will have to wait until I am in PHX again for anything even remotely so good. 

If you haven't been, you should. Prices are reasonable, the staff is great and the cooks are confident enough to let the food stand on its own without layers of junk.  Why can't more restaurants, Mexican or not take a note from that book? 

Adios PHX and La Parilla Suiza, I'll see you next time!