I just posted this on the Chipotle Facebook page... I would encourage anyone to go to this location.

I want to take an opportunity to tell you about an experience I had at one of your restaurants last night (8/14/2012). My wife and I chose to have dinner at the Chipotle located at 16680 N. 83rd Ave, Peoria, Arizona. The general manager's name is Joel Crofoot and he is the reason I am writing these comments. My experience went like this.

As my wife and I were eating our meal, I noticed a young man who was in his US Army uniform standing in line. I am retired from the US Navy and I typically notice anyone in uniform wherever I go right away. So I said to my wife, "what do you say that I go up and pay for his meal?"... Without hesitating, she wholeheartedly agreed. After a few moments of time passed, I made my way up to the register and attempted to get the attention of the counter staff but they were very, very busy. It just so happens, that Joel was out from the kitchen area helping another customer in another part of the store. As he was making his way back to the door leading to the kitchen area I stopped him and asked "Are you the manager?" He said yes and how could he help me. With my back turned to the soldier and my debit card in my hand, I made a camouflaged motion toward the soldier and said to Joel "Do you see the military guy over there? I'd like to pay for his meal".  Almost immediately, Joel said back to me "I'll do you one better than that. I have the power to make things happen. How about I pay for his meal?" I was so pleased by that response. As I mentioned, I am retired military veteran myself and when people, like Joel, perform acts of kindness towards our military, it is admirable to say the least. His recognition of the impact of paying for that soldier's meal was instantly obvious to him. He then thanked me for the gesture and said that our intentions were appreciated.

Later, Joel came to our table and again said how he appreciated what we intended to do and how could he not do what he did based off of our example. That was a very humble thing to say. He thanked us, gave us his business card and said if there is anything he could do for us, don't hesitate to ask and said goodbye. The soldier was seated behind us and as my wife and I finished our meal and made our way to the door, I looked over and saw that the soldier was there with his wife and child. So Joel not only paid for the soldier's meal, but his wife's too (their child was probably a bit too young to eat Chipotle).
I felt compelled to let you and your customers know as soon as possible what a quality leader you have at that store. In the military there is a huge difference between a leader and a manager. A manager leads from behind the troops but a leader leads and sets the example from the front. You have a quality leader in Joel Crofoot. My wife and I will frequent that particular Chipotle as much as we can because of Joel's actions and further, we will recommend that location to as many people as we can because of his actions. If you could do anything for me, I would ask that you recognize Joel's actions towards this individual soldier, because I am certain he'd do it again given the opportunity.

Thank you for such great food and better yet hiring great people.

Sincerely,
Rich Shores