The Five Stars is for the service by recieved by Ric.  He was awesome through the entire meal.  We were greeted inside and it was a beautiful day out despite the wind so we opted for the patio seating.  He said no problem and immediately noticed the table needing to be wiped be cause of rain and dust in the air recently.  He quickly got a rag and took care of the issue with out us requesting.  
Good eye Ric.  

He took our drink order promptly and brought them out at the same pace.  We were not in a rush by any means but ussually we like to get service going quickly because of the kids and there short attention span.  Ric followed up for our order when he could. There was another group asking him what seemed like 1000 questions but like I said I understood the circumstances.  We were just enjoying the weather andthe kids were coloring because Ric was ontop of it and brought us the color pages and crayons.  

We began to inquire about food options at Nacho Daddy regarding portions and veggie options and he informed us they had an entire page dedicated to Vegan eating.  Sweet! Mom said.  This was our first meal of the day even though it was 5 in the afternoon.  So Ric quickly brought us a great bucket of chips, two salsas, and cheese dip like queso fundido type thing.  All were very good. Salsa tasted fresh and homemade with a little bit of heat.  Cheese dip was good also.

Mom went with the Black Bean Burger and could not decide between garlic or sweet potato fries, Ric quickly responded with I can split between both if you like.  Awesome job again my friend.  I went for the BBQ Pulled Pork Nachos, which had very good flavor and a huge portion.  My one issue with this dish is that it tasted like the pork had been sitting in the hotwell all day so the meat was very tough and chewy.  My jaw bones seriously hurt after finishing this dish.  I am not one to complain but that issue did not stop me from killing the entire plate.  I give the dish a 3.5 star out of 5 because of the chewyness. Mom had no issues with her burger and fires she had no trouble crushing this dish either.  

Overall great first experience.  Ric made it 5 stars.  He is possibly one of the best in all of DTLV.  We had to speak to the manager to let her know about how great Ric was.  We will be back to visit Ric soon.  The food was also good enough to come back and explore the menu further.  Thanks for the good time.