Great experience at Juan's!  

It was my mid-week birthday dinner and we felt like we wanted to try somewhere new - so I turned to my fellow Yelpers.  Mexican is one of my favorite cuisines (along with everything else it seems) and when I read all of the stellar reviews - I knew I had to try Juan's.

We arrived in time for Happy Hour which let us try two different types of margaritas at a super reasonable price, the house and the Don Julio.  I found the mix a bit lacking in depth of flavor and thought that the house margarita might be watered down - but one sip into my second, and I realized these babies pack a punch! (Also evidenced by the pitcher-sharing table of seniors next to us who were getting into increasingly loud, contentious political conversations in the table next to us. Apparently I'm not the only person that gets sassy on tequila!).

The gratis tortillas chips were fresh and crisp - the salsa and complimentary bean dip tasty!  (Note that their regular bean dip isn't vegetarian - but you can request a veggie version! Love that!) The complimentary plate of grilled peppers and onions was delish as well.

We ordered the shrimp fajitas for two - with two different set-ups - rice & beans, steamed veggies, flour tortillas as well as corn. The best of all worlds and a great way to try a lot of different items on the menu for first-time visitors. When I missed taking a shot of the flaming of the fajitas - our waiter flamed them a second time for me - nice of him!  They don't skimp on the shrimp like some restaurants that serve fajitas in town - here they made up the majority of the meal and were good quality - nice and plump and perfectly cooked. I have to say, the side of veggies was really great - I don't know what they do to it, but it has some really great subtle additional flavorings in there.

I had jokingly mentioned that it was my birthday at some point, and the staff surprised us with churros with chocolate sauce and whipped cream - served up with a hearty version of "Happy Birthday" and a paper tiara with a sombrero on it at the end of our meal.  Awesome touch, you guys!  

Overall, had a great time.  The service was great and friendly, the food terrific, the prices super reasonable during happy hour. We'll definitely be back!