We had a yelp groupon to G's Food because we heard good things about the place. What we encountered blew us away. I'm still a big confused if their hot dog buffet is every day of the week, or just Friday and Saturday along with their other food choices. Regardless it is 14.99 and that includes a drink, we came during their all you can eat king crab legs and prime rib. Both were extremely good, and this place is hardly your typical buffet. In fact  when you walk in it looks like a small diner with a buffet row, it is very much a "divish" location. In addition to the what is on the line, I was told you can choose ANYTHING from their menu as well and it is included. Since this place is primarily a diner most of the time you can expect quality food.

 Their hot dogs are excellent all beef hot dogs, and they have various other choices in sausages. There are a TON of toppings to choose from, whether it is cheese sauce (which was not bad at all), to real bacon bits to about anything else you can think of. If you want something from their menu just ask, it is included with the buffet, they'll prepare it fresh. So you want all you can eat cheesesteaks? They have you covered, unfortunately I didn't get the chance to try them because we mainly came for the all you can eat crab legs, but I will next time! I believe there are different price levels for their buffet, so make sure to ask, I believe the hot dog buffet by itself is around $8.

Above all us you can tell the place is run by good down to earth people, which I suspect are also the owners. You can tell they care about their customers and will provide you with excellent service with a GENUINE smile. Even if their food was sub par (which it isn't) the service would make me want to come back. Unfortunately we came close to closing so some of the buffet items were thinned out, but I have little doubt you could just request them to prepare something for you.

Looking at their menu, even if you choose to order individual items their prices are excellent! So if you are looking for a positive environment, (with great people working there) with good food at excellent prices you can't go wrong with G's Food.