Dear every other Carne Asada spot in the 602,

It's not you- it's me, not liking you anymore.

Sonora Mesquite Grill is SO flavorful and delicious, it makes me grateful I wasn't chosen to go to heaven for the rapture.

As others have mentioned, the carne asada is the star here. Well, that and the service. To say this place is sweet and the people are charming, is the understatement of the year. This place is owned by a Mother and her son, and both times I have been there, they have been just outstanding.

Today I phoned in a takeout order, and the Mom would answer with 'Yes dear' in the sweetest, non-condescending way ever. She literally exudes warmth, and it is not only in her customer service, but also her food. The carne asada burro is tremendous. It comes with beans and rice in the burro, but I am a purist, and I ask for those items on the side, as I just want to taste carne goodness in the burro. If you order chips and salsa you get a few different salsas, a verde, rojo, and thicker rojo. The salsas are so delicious and tasty- you can taste the freshness and care that goes into it. In fact, the salsas are so amazing, if I ran out of chips- I would dip lucky charms cereal into the salsa, because anything that good you cannot waste!

The restaurant is small, but impeccably clean, and care is taken throughout the establishment to keep guests comfortable. The food is very, very good, and it is so cool to have business owners so proud of their product, and at Sonora Mesquite Grill- they have much to proud of.

Also not to be missed is their fresh made lemonade. I read here on Yelp that it was tasty- and my fellow Yelpers did not let me down. It is very fresh and tasty- without being too sweet.

The only thing I am curious about is that they serve bagged tortilla chips, as opposed to making them fresh. Not the end of the world, just kind of curious. I would recommend if they can't make their own, to consider using the 'My Nanas' chips, or another type which is more consistent with Mexican restaurants. This is just minutia, and doesn't change anything, the place is just that good. Try for yourself, you will not be disappointed. Ciao!