OK, mi madre is not prone to going out to eat unless you say the word, "seafood" to her. However, my aunt and I read some reviews and used our best cajoling to get her out of her mu mu and into the car to visit this little restaurant just down the way from Ranch Market. 

When we walked in, I was excited by the colors and festive feel that they have. We were greeted by the owner who is very attentive, and seated straight away. Having read the Yelp! reviews, I knew I was going to aim for the camarones culichi, and gazed at their vast options anyhow. I consider myself pretty seafood savvy! They have such an array of fish dishes that I long to try! Especially their fish soup... it looked amazing. However, I stuck to my trusted reviews and ordered the camarones culichi, my mother ordered the garlic shrimp, and my aunt ordered the fried fish filet. 

I know they said not to fill up on the chips and salsa-- but that green salsa made me so happy, I think I will order a pint to take home next time I go. Trust me. 

First, they brought by little ceviche tostadas to try-- I was so excited that the fish tasted so fresh and delightful. Also, free ceviche? I have no idea if they do this all the time, but what a deal! It had a chipotle and citrus flavor immersed in it and was light, but very satisfying. 

The culichi sauce is full of tomatillo, cilantro, garlic, and lime-- however, their combination is so magical, I cannot express it without salivating. The shrimp are cooked in the sauce and brought out separate from the salad, beans, and rice, and they have the same amazing taste. I will seriously write a poem for how that sauce tastes-- and they give you plenty of fresh tortillas that I wrapped the beans and rice with and dipped in that sauce to ensure I got every last drop. You could taste the freshness of the fish even in the fried fish, which was seasoned and fried to perfection. The "exquisite salad" that they offer with every meal really is exquisite, while simple and melds to the meals well since there isn't a strong dressing on it. 

The point is, we left so amazingly joyful and thanked the owner about ten times. I don't know how I am expected to go to another restaurant for some time...