LOVE this bar/restaurant. first, it's extrememly cool with an indoor and outdoor venues. they open a large glass wall so you feel like you are part of the outside. the inside is full of beautiful large tvs from every angle for every sports lover. it's done in a tropical them. the outside has a large bar with seating on all four sides of the bar. there's numerous tables outside, private cabanas, misters, dirt all over the floor, and a grill where they cook up chicken and carne asada tacos. it resembles an indoor / outdoor restuarant/bar that you would exprience in the tropics. they have happy hour every single day til 7pm. they have reduced priced appetizers for $5 each including my favorite calamari. if you like your wings hot, and i mean hot, this is the place for you. the wings are much larger then most places. they have a full menu ranging from mexican food, american food, and seafood. their drinks are cheap. bottles on happy hour are $2.00. mixed drinks are also reduced. all of the food i've gotten here is good. the appetizers are awesome and i generally go for the reduced priced appetizers. so, it;s a very cool place. tropically themed. you can sit outside in the misters and feel like you're on a beech. they have different specials every day including $1.50 tacos, $5 angus burgers & fries, and others. Go here for the good cheap food, cheap beers $2.00 and catch a game on one of their many large tvs. this is my favorite spot and i'm never disappointed. you also don't need to reserve a private cabana. there are comfortable couches and chairs in the cabanas with private tvs. the outside is very cool. you really do think you're in the tropics somewhere.

ok, new update as of today, sept 15, still love this bar/restaurant, however, they stopped having their reduced priced appetizers on saturdays and sundays. this is one major reason i love this place since alot of bars/restaurants don't do 1/2 off or reduced appetizers on weekends. they stopped because of football. still have their specials during the week. so, during a sunday game, i'd go to rt osullivans, 35cent wings, cheap drinks, giant tvs, another 5 star place.