I found out about Sloppi Jo's completely by accident. A few weeks ago as I pulled my rig out of the station to go on a call this bright yellow truck drove by. As it passed us I was able to read the name Sloppi Jo's in big letters on the side of the truck. Many of you are probably aware that "lunch trucks" are becoming quite popular right now. Because this truck caught my eye that morning I decided I needed to check it out. Upon visiting Sloppi Jo's webpage I discovered that they specialized in two of my favorite things: Hatch, New Mexico chiles and an owner that grew up on southern cooking. For me this is combination that can't be beat. Today I was able to track down the bright yellow truck and I was not disappointed.
The headline item on the menu is "The Sloppi Jo". I've found that anytime an eating establishment puts their name on a dish that it's the best place to start. The "Sloppi Jo" is slow roasted pork in a red chile sauce, topped with a fried egg and pickled onions. It's served with a large flour tortilla as opposed to a bun. To say that it was delicious would be an understatement! The pork was very tender and moist and the red chile sauce was done perfectly. The pickled onions didn't over power the rest of the meal and the fried egg was the perfect topper for the pork. This is an item I'm sure to order again on future visits.
While waiting for my food the trucks owner, Jo, was putting out some dessert items. The chocolate iced cupcakes she had drew my attention so I asked about them. Jo told me they were white cake with chocolate buttercream icing. The kicker was the buttercream had cinnamon and chile pepper in it. That sold me and I'm glad it did. Some people get a little freaked out when you tell them that there is chile in a chocolate dessert, but when it's done right the end result is awesome. These are certainly done right! She also had some cupcakes that are Guinness infused. That will be dessert on my next trip.
The prices at Sloppi Jo's Roving Eatery are more than reasonable. Everything on the menu is $5-$6.There were a number of people at the truck eating various items and to a person they all said their food was delicious. 
Sloppi Jo's website is sloppijos.com. There you will find her menu, schedule and some other info about the business. They are usually out during lunch time and late night on the weekends. If Sloppi Jo's is in your area they are worth checking out.