I am so fucking excited. There is finally a good, authentic Mexican restaurant in Madison. No longer will I have to eat tacos that taste like I made them while I was drunk and out of money. My reaction after my first bite into my gordita resembled what it would have been had I found gold in there. It's amazingly good and it tastes just like the food that you once had to travel to a big city like Chicago to find.

This was admittedly the first good gordita I've ever had. The shell was crunchy and buttery, neither too hard nor too soft. The cilantro and onions that were fresh and flavorful, and the hostess was happy to add whatever toppings I could think of. The avocado I got was a little bland. But the steak I got in it was undoubtedly the best part.

The steak here is seasoned and cooked in a way that really screams "authentico" - peppery and soft, with just the right amount of fat. It's cut into cubes and is extremely well-complemented by the veggies.

However, I got a chicken quesadilla in addition to my gordita, and was less than impressed. For one, it just looked like a taco without vegetables. The ratio of meat to cheese to tortilla didn't work. There was nothing about it to set it apart as a quesadilla, and the cheese they use here doesn't make for the gooey mess that you hope to get when you order a quesadilla. The chicken was just alright. It lacked a good marinade or rub and had a papery consistency. The lack of any good spice leaves me thinking I won't get it again.

I finally finished off my meal with an excellent steak taco. It was obviously made from the same corn tortilla that wrapped around my chicken taco masquerading as a quesadilla, and contained the same ingredients as my gordita. I wish I'd asked for more toppings, since the default with everything is just your basic cilantro and onions.

Instead, I loaded up the taco with the two salsas they provided. The green chile salsa didn't have a very strong taste of chile verde, and definitely wasn't spiced or spicy enough. The red salsa had an interesting taste and a good kick, as well as a soupy consistency. But like the green chiles, it lacked boldness.

I got all this for a total of $8.50. While some might say this is a bit much for Mexican food, it is definitely worth the quality of food you're getting. I'll be sure to visit a lot more in the future.