The taco quest continues. 

This is the second Rivas location  located at DI and Pecos/McCleod (the other is at Sahara and Sloan). This spot is the former home of Cafe Verdi and Paul's BBQ. Hopefully Rivas will break the trend and be here for a long, long time. 

The place is very clean. Univision/Telemundo is on full blast for your viewing pleasure and they have a nice flat screen TV menu boards. I visited specifically for the tacos. I love 'em, I need 'em and they have them. Never been Rivas but had read mostly positive reviews so this would be a good of a place as any to get my fix. 

Anyway, taco prices are $2.85 per, which seems a little steep. I asked the very pleasant counter lady if they were 'street size' and she said yes. Though I didn't say anything, I was a bit concerned since that would be a small portion for a big price. She also  went on to mention that they have a special on chicken tacos - buy two, get four or by four, get eight. Cool! I opted for eight. I also ordered a chips and salsa, She asked if I'd like cheese with that and I gladly accepted. Paid, put some money in the tip jar and headed over to the salsa bar which is about three feet away from the register.

The salsa bar is extremely simple. Red, green and some carrot, pepper and onion mix. Took a little of each. Food prep was quick and I was out the door in about five minutes. 

Got home and opened the bags. First container was the chips and pico de gallo with cheese. 

A-M-A-Z-I-N-G

So much flavor and just the right amount of cheese so it wasn't overwhelming. Great portion and more than enough for 2 - 3 people, maybe even 4. If you ever visit this place, the chips are a must have.  

Tried some chips with the green salsa. Great flavor and might the best I've ever had (I'm not exaggerating). Tried the red and was not as impressed. It might have been one of the worst I've ever had (again, not exaggerating). Everybody has different tastes with salsa though so I don't put much weight behind this. Still, I could drink the green straight out of cup all day long if I had to.          

Next was the taco box (1 of 2 boxes). Whoa boy! The container was stuffed full of tacos. Seriously, these are jumbo street tacos. In fact, they aren't small tacos by any stretch. These would qualify as 'full size' restaurant portions. The tacos were stuffed not just with chicken, but guacamole, cheese and pico de gallo. Price was no longer an issue as these things are huge! Rest assured, you will get your moneys worth. You're probably wondering how they tasted? They were magnificent, thank you very much. The chicken was fresh and hot, the guac had a nice kick and there was a perfect amount of tasty pico de gallo to top everything off. Cheese is something I don't see that often on the tacos I normally eat, so it was a nice change of pace. The flour tortillas held up perfectly. 

Great place with amazing food and value. Next trip will be for the al pastor. 

Again, the taco deal is worth its weight and gold and I would strongly suggest the chips, salsa and cheese along with copious amounts of green salsa. 

Hit the tip jar and enjoy!