I LOVE THIS PLACE

El Grand Taquito takes me back to a good memory during a painful stint on the west side of the valley I spent when I was younger. My dad and I would take the proverbial fifteen minute drive down 59th avenue, always hoping to not get stopped by a train at Grand avenue.  Throughout the years, nothing has really changed about El Grande Taquito, especially the food.

This restaurant is the most authentic form of Mexican cooking I have found in the entire valley.  The people who run the restaurant are extremely friendly and have always made myself and father feel at home.  Be prepared to order your food in Spanish, no one here really speaks English that well.  The decor of the restaurant while plain, includes a jukebox with all the hits from Latin America.  

As I write this review, I am reminded of one of the first trips my dad and I took here.  I do not remember what landed us there, I think we were heading down towards the library. Nonetheless, we stopped in when we saw the sign for food and figured what the hell.  It was an interesting first few minutes, I will admit.  A few of the patrons seemed to be eying us up and down, wondering why we were encroaching on one of their treasures.  My dad, being the brilliant doctor that he is, decided to buy a round of beers for one of the tables of gentleman sitting next to us.  It is too bad that world conflicts are not solved so easily, because we became the hits of the restaurant that day.  Besides the fact my dad was bought at least two beers by other people there, we were welcomed into the restaurant and were ready to enjoy the trough of food we ordered.

The menu includes many normal staples found on the menus of the valley, but then the you get to the tacos.  It is hard to find tripas and cabeza around the valley. It is even harder to find it prepared properly.  Now don't judge us, but when the old man and I get together to eat Mexican food, it is not a pretty sight. We generally order a minimum of eight tacos between us and various other entrees.  I always get the chicken chimichanga, two tripas and one cabeza taco with a side of rice.  My dad gets a few of the same, minus the chimi and usually an extra tripas burrito.  At El Grande Taquito, we dine like Kings and all for under thirty dollars.   All of the food tastes so vibrant, fresh and just outright delicious.  Each taco looks meticulously put together by hand and in perfect unison with the next in line.  The meat is cooked perfectly and the perfect blend of spices and marinade make each bite more explosive than the one previous.  

I would not necessarily recommend it for a first date or really any date for that matter.  This is a place to go with your friends, on a nice day, when you are craving the absolute best, most authentic Mexican food in the valley.  I hope this restaurant never leaves the valley, it is a gem.