Just moving from Chicago I was fearful that it would be difficult to find authentic tortillas and taquerias.  This authentic whole in the wall should be your first stop when craving fresh made tortillas, salsas, Mexican meats and cheeses.  The Chicharrón case is well appointed with standard "sheets" of skin and ribbons of my preference Chicharrón con Puerco which includes meaty belly portions attached to the skin.  Either is great with some beer or Modelo Chelada (also sold in the case with the best price I have seen in town.)  The deli case has fresh Chorizo and various sausages and fresh cuts.  They offer Cecina which is a very thin cut of beef which I pan fry, chop and serve as taco meat.  It was good but not as flavored as I expected, perhaps a shake of seasoning the next time.  Their Barbacoa and Carnitas were both good if not slightly overpriced.  The Carnitas were a clear favorite for me.  Tortillas are made fresh and in house, amazing and dirt cheap, helping to explain weekend lines out the door which move very quickly.  Oddly, they only serve the Pico de gallo on the weekends and it was some of the best I've ever tasted. The Arbol, Chipotle, and Verde salsas are available at all times and very spicy and delicious.   I also really like the Queso Fresco and Queso Oaxaca "Mexican cheeses" are perfect for topping tacos.  

If I had one complaint, it's that the men working the meat counter pretend that "give me a half pound" isn't something that that understand which means you will likely get 3/4 of a pound or more...  I could be picky but I never want to call attention to myself being the one and only gringo I have ever seen there in more than 5 trips.  

They serve bags of sliced limes and cilantro/onion on the weekends at the register, as with some of the salsas, cash only for those particular items.  

On most evenings you can purchase Tamales out of a van parked out front doing your part to stimulate the local economy.  All ingredients are purchased onsite in obvious partnership and they are fantastic.  

A perfect place to swing by to assist with a quick family meal at home with some assembly required or if you are feeding a crowd for the ballgame on a budget.  The best part is the authenticity and flavor.