Came in wanting a quick burrito, but left feeling like a total glutton and loving it. Kissi is a lovely, unassuming, and inexpensive spot that's the real deal and then some. All that and a bag of chips. Not just a Mexican spot, but...a sushi place!?

Yes. Absolutely. Mexican sushi is a cool new trend that bastardizes Japanese food even better than America does, often incorporating ingredients like grilled chicken and carne asada into a tempura roll. Some are a bit more traditional. My dining companion and I had a pastor burrito and the Ruby Roll, with cream cheese, crab, and shrimp tempura. 

The burrito: I really prefer al pastor to lean on the sweet side, but I can admit that it was made pretty well here despite being salty. Some restaurants pair theirs with roasted onions and peppers, but Kissi stuck with beans (very good frijoles that don't overwhelm or act as cheap filler) and guac, which was surprisingly good. They warned me the salsas I chose (get the freaking tomatillo) were spicy, and it was no lie. I could barely handle them, and I can probably take more spice than you. Tread lightly. 

The sushi: OMG OMG OMG I don't care if it was basically a dressed up California roll, this is an experience you NEED to have. Each piece was HUGE. Like, too big for anyone to handle in one bite, and meant to be consumed with a fork. There are ten for $10 and I would struggle to finish it. I am an eel sauce fiend, so it was great being handed my own bottle of the stuff as well as spicy mayo and soy sauce to use at my disposal. Gosh I hate having to ask for extra everywhere else! Average sushi invites you to show restraint, admire beauty, and enjoy the atmosphere. This sushi leads you to believe all aesthetics are lies, and true happiness is a big appetite...as well as finishing the side of crab by scooping it with tortilla chips and smothering it in your seemingly infinite supply of Japanese condiments. 

Don't you dare judge me, I'm gonna go back and do this again like 20 times. 

Can you tell I really enjoyed this place?