Holy Wow!  Talk about delicious and a great value!  Late on a Sunday night in a VERY small community, a pregnant woman has a craving for chile rellenos.  Where are you going to find good Mexican food close by without spending an arm and a leg?  Yelp told me Ocho Locos, and boy where they right!  We ordered a wide variety of items.  Don't be put off by the prices on the ala carte menu, the servings are still huge!  We got the Nachos supreme, some chile rellenos, Chicken tacos, a couple quesadillas, sopapillas, and flan since we had a big group to feed.  Everything was spot on!  It was a take out order, and food was hot and ready exactly when they said it would be, and they even carried it to the car for us.  The owner rung up our bill, was courteous and nice.  They even threw in free chips and salsa which is rare from other Mexican food places when you make a to-go order.  We were impressed with their fresh food, and authentic flavors.  The chicken tacos had a fresh mild home made green chile sauce, the rellenos were perfectly fried in a heavenly egg batter and loaded with cheese.  The nachos supreme was supreme indeed, the guacamole that came with a few of our items was pure avacado goodness, no lettuce or cheap 'filler' here, just yummy fresh smashed avacado and the perfect amount of seasoning.  The desserts were so good as well!  The sopapillas should be changed to 'Sopapillas as big as your head' because that's what they were.  Like a personal piece of fry bread, they were soft without being too dense, and dusted with the perfect amount of powdered heaven.  If I had to say one bad thing about this place, they mixed up my order slightly.  I ordered 2 flan, but got 2 tres leches cake instead.  I really like tres leche as did everyone else in my party, and their was nothing to scoff at either, except they topped it with whipped topping instead of whipped cream (a personal pet peeve) but really I'm almost nit picking to even point that out since it was still an overall outstanding experience.  For a delicious, authentic taste from across the border, make Ocho Locos your next dining experience, and you won't be disappointed!