W - O - W !
What can I say...Eric R. and I came for Jen S.'s UYE, and it was a grand time!
The contest: $10 for all you can eat tacos (your choice of meat and sides) and free soda, iced tea or water for 15 minutes.
The challengers: Eric R., Tiffanie R., Gabe, Jen S., and Danny.  The first four did the challenge at the same time, and Danny upon entering battled in round 2.
It was a meaty, fast-paced chewdown with flavors flying and lots of excitement.  Jen and Eric were neck-and-neck when it got to tacos 9-11, but Eric's one extra bite claimed initial victory.  Enter Danny, who inhaled 8 tacos in 7 minutes, with all looking good, but he hit a wall, and after 9, Eric R. was declared the winner. 
The prize: a KoMex t-shirt and a picture with a sign that read, "I ate 11 tacos and one bite!"
Tiffanie got recognized for being the only woman brave enough to try the challenge.
Otherwise, for us sane people: Lily, Jieun L., Anthony M., Tony T., and Paolo D. - oh, and me! - we ordered from the menu.  I missed out on the free check-in wontons because they have pork, but we were given 4 plates of them generously!  We also got chips, salsa, guac and 4 hot sauces.  There was one I really liked with onions and Korean spices and other herbs.
Everyone seemed to go for the lettuce wrap tacos except Paolo who ate his Torta Ahogada in record time and licked that plate clean!
I got one beef fusion taco with avocado and jalepeno, and one fusion tostada, the star of the show...a rice patty (perfection!) topped with chicken, lettuce, pico, Korean hot sauce, avocado and jalepeno.  It was so amazing I wanted another one but refrained from overstuffing myself!  I think I am now hooked and next time I am over here, it is 2 rice patty tostadas for me!
I also enjoyed the delicious mango-passionfruit iced tea.  I also noticed in the cold case KoMex carries Sweet Leaf mint and honey iced tea, the only sweet-ish tea I will drink (and it is made in AUSTIN!)
Soooo much fun and I really liked everything I tasted.  Thank goodness Jen S.  hosted this fabulous event so we could finally eat here.  We also ran into Clint B. here who was here with his family for dinner!
In this battle of man versus tacos, Eric R. won!