Braddah's reminds me so much of a popular chain that lots of people enjoy. Can you guess what it is?

Yep, it's Earl of Sandwich. They totally have the same font all over the menu! If that was your guess, great job.

I'm going to go against the grain and highlight what happened at the end of my meal here. After finishing my excellent food, I saw this purple and white ribbon pinned to the menu. I asked the manager (owner?) about it, and he quite proudly shared with me that it was for winning best dessert at the Bite of Las Vegas. He even boasted that they beat out all those fancy chefs who "went to school" to learn to make dessert.

Loathe to let a great opportunity slip, I stepped up to the register and ordered the coconut bark. Wow. I'm not normally a coconut fan, but this wasn't overtly coconut-y. There's coconut shavings on a hard chocolate layer, then a middle white layer which was more likely coconut as well, and a salted soft caramel layer at the bottom. It's pretty dang sweet, which is too my liking, and isn't too hard to crunch through. Only problem is that I only bought one box and there's very few pieces of this deliciousness. After eating a chunk just now, I only have one piece left for another day.

By the way, the non-dessert menu is also worth coming here for. I had three tacos, and following the excellent idea of Christie L., I got to try three meats (huli huli chicken, kalua pork, pulehu steak), plus three different salsas. I'd probably go for pork or steak (just like at the other fresh burritos places) and definitely stick to the mango and corn salsa, but the pineapple verde and tomato with Maui onion options aren't bad. They also have two hot sauces available at bottles at the tables. You know I'm kinda a fan of sweet, and I found myself augmenting my tacos with quite a bit of the raspberry and jalapeno sauce. The unlabeled guava sauce was a little too hot for my delicate taste buds unfortunately.

Overall, this is an excellent 4.5 star concept that the coconut bark certainly bumped up to an unquestionable 5. You will love Braddah's if you enjoy either or both of Hawaiian food and the fresh burrito concept. Hopefully, they'll stick to their goal of opening a Henderson location soon so that I can enjoy their food after a much shorter drive.