This chain, irregardless of location, irregardless of price, is one of the best Mexican Restaurants (Taqueria, Taco Truck, Fast Food Place, whatever)! When I worked in Phoenix over ten years ago, I was a frequent flier. The lines on Friday and Saturday night at any of the Filiberto's locations are very intimidating! When my kids from Las Vegas went to school here a few years ago, I introduced them to Filiberto's, and it became one of their favorite hangouts at anytime of day or night! My daughter had to hold back her desire for Mexican food, though... I guess because she got a little chubby...

Take a look at the Filiberto's Menu at http://www.filibertos.com/arizona/menu.asp ! I can't see how they're making any money at all! 

My favorite dishes are (in order of taste):

   Chile Relleno - I guess, by now, yelpers know I LOVE Chile Relleno,
      and have been looking for Chile Relleno the way FIliberto's makes 
      it in Northern California. I don't know how they do it... the batter that 
      covers the Relleno is still crunchy after hours of immersion in the 
      Relleno sauce. So, even after hours of sitting in the frig, the
      Filiberto's Chile Relleno still retains a crispiness as when you first 
      bought it! --- In all the months I had been eating at Nena's in 
      Stockton, California, I only had that happen once!

   Steak Ranchero - Man, this dish is GOOD. Two large slices of 
      angus beef, with an egg, and Pico de Gallo! What more can you 
      ask for! Just don't let the beef sit for too long... it's still cooking if 
      you let it sit!

   Machaca - Made just the way I like it!

   Potato, Egg & Cheese Breakfast Burrito - The Potatoes just give it a 
      flavor that none of the other Breakfast Burritos have! This is the only
      dish that Filiberto's has that I can find cheaper in Northern 
      California (It's $2.50 at Nena's)!

The morning I left the Phoenix area until who knows when... I ordered an order of Steak Ranchero, two orders of Chile Relleno... just so I could take some original Mexican back to Northern California! Yelpers in the Phoenix area... take a look at my reviews to see all I had to go through to find a decent Mexican place in Northern California! That's how good this place is!