I had the chance to sit down and have a great meal here the other night...

I am happy and sad to say that this was my first time eating at an Iron chef's restaurant, that because I enjoy good food, and I thought I'd have been to one sooner than now. 

I am glad this was my first time at any Iron chef's restaurants

Hosteses were very nice and seating was prompt. Server was Stephanie, and she was very knowledgeable of the menu. Even the food runners knew the menu, and explained the dish in detail when the food come out.

I started with the Michelada, made with Modelo beer. Spicy, and the perfect start. The roasted peanuts that came out after I sat were warm, which was a very cool idea. I ordered the ceviche (yellowtail) and the house guacamole. My sis and I cleaned the guac and I cleaned the ceviche. The yellowtail ceviche was a little too hot for her liking - made with some sort of addition of serrano peppers. I loved it. 

Next came the white wine sangria. Seriously? Great idea. Im not a fan of drinking something that looks like blood. This was clear, sweet, and it'll probably be the only sangria I'll choose to drink ever again. 

Main courses came out next - Carne En Adobo, and The Huarache De Hongos. First the Huarache - Corn flatbread on as the base, with wild mushrooms, black truffles, corn, and a cheese blend. Great! The brisket had an adobo wet rub, and was smoked for a long time. I made the mistake of trying to cut it with a knife. I felt dumb after it litterally fell through the beef. It came out with warm street style corn tortillas, and 3 mini salsas. All of them were different and interesting. the overall appearence of these dishes were really creative, and the overall enviornment was... ... different. There are some uses of materials that I never though I would see. Not like uncomfortable, they were used in a great way, it's something I don't even want to undulge to tell anyone because it's more fun to go and explore it for yourself. Huge plus for the Dias de la Muerte skulls in the walkway coming in. 

Got to meet Jose Garces as well. I was thinking that most chefs, and even Iron Chefs were egotistical, but Jose was very approachable, and a really laid back kind of guy. It's good to know that it's all business in the kitchen, and a different attitude towards others in the dining area. Kudos, man. I'll definitely be coming back... 

Overall, I had a great time, at a great new restaurant.