Went here the first time last night. I'm a broke college student, so this is normally out of my price range. Saw a groupon the other night for a sushi joint and went on to grab it, but it wasn't there anymore. I continued looking and decided on this place. 

I didn't really know what I wanted, guy at the counter immediately came over and asked. Started asking me how hungry I was, then told me to get a burrito. 

So, based on that I ordered a shrimp burrito, with a side of pinto beans and a side of rice, thinking the burrito wouldn't be that big. Damn, was I wrong. This burrito was bigger than one of Chipotle's, all in all. Tasted way better than Chipolte, though and at nearly the same price. The spicy mayo brought a nice flavor to the shrimp, the fresh veggies gave it a nice texture. It was awesome. My only qualm with it was that the shrimp was a little chewy, but it still tasted awesome. The pico had awesome flavor. The pinto beans and cilantro rice were both excellent, not sure what cheese they put on the beans, but I didn't really care for it. Would rather just have plain pintos, or if they had black beans available, that would have been even better.

The salsas were subpar, IMO. The volcano didn't have a ton of flavor and just relied on the heat, the verde... just didn't taste right.  The only other qualm I would've had, is that it was a little cold. I'm not sure if it was due to the transport time and the temp outside (it was chilly last night), but it did take me 5-10 minutes or so to get it home.

The price, I feel, was reasonable for the size. Without the groupon, it would've been around $11 (steep, but right around Chipolte). I didn't order any tacos, so I can't comment on that. Really, though, I'm a big dude at 220 lbs. I tapped out about halfway through the burrito and the sides. Felt like I couldn't take another bite, but it was so wonderfully delicious that I wanted too. I originally bought these so that I could run up during lunch on school days and bring this back, but there is so much food, no way I could finish it. So, it got DD status (designated dinner).

Edited it to add this: I think you can see where the one stars are coming from and not to avoid it, because of that. Nearly all were right at opening and obviously there has been improvement, shown by the reviews increasing as you go up.