Finally!  El Dorado's been on my radar ever since it opened to such great Yelp reviews.  But it's not close, and usually by the time we finally get around to having dinner, we're not up for a drive down to Industrial.  Until last night, after the Eagles concert at MGM's Arena ran deliciously long and we were starving.

I was startled to find it housed at the Sapphire Gentlemen's Club, but that made for good people-watching (and limo-watching) before and after.  The restaurant, open 24/7, was completely empty when we went in, but that changed before long.

Our start-up waiter, Mark, greeted us warmly, but was about to end his shift, so he introduced Charles, who'd be taking over.  No matter, since service was excellent start to finish.  The booths are comfy, too, which is a good thing, since being so vertically challenged means I always have trouble with booths.

The complimentary chips came with three house-made sauces:  habanero, red, and tomatillo.  I wasn't brave enough to try more than a tiny dip of the habanero, but the green tomatillo was sheer heaven.

We both ordered the red sangria, and it was potent!  Diced fresh peaches and oranges, liqueurs, and less ice than at other places made it a great accompaniment to our food.  Note to bartender:  it's hard to distinguish the tiny orange pieces from the peaches, since they both turn the same color; I'm not crazy about chewing orange rind!).

We shared Chicken Feinstein and Chilaquiles.  The chicken had tons of frizzled onions, serrano chiles, garlic slices, potatoes, and a couple of fried eggs.  As good as that was, the Chilaquiles outdistanced the chicken dish by a mile: A fried egg & carne asada atop corn tortillas with that outstanding green tomatillo sauce, some cheese, and beans somewhere on that plate, too.

We had enough to take home to savor again the next night, and we were so stuffed that we saved our free flan dessert (for checking in on Yelp) to use next time.  And there WILL be a next time - we were happy to learn that on Mondays, the entire bill is half price for locals!!  But we'd go back anyway, because this is our new favorite Mexican restaurant.