I just have to say that this location always exceeds my expectations. I also have to add that I am very glad to have this location in our area of town as it's worth the few extra minutes out of my way if it means avoiding the customer service abuse from the N. Decatur/215 location.

Last week was my most recent visit. I was completely wow'd. So I'm making my way home and decide I don't feel like cooking so I call up this location and place a phone order with 3 meals. Two problems though...

I just picked up my furchild from Camp Bow Wow, and it's sweltering hot outside. How am I going to go inside and pick up this food? Surely I am not aloud to bring her inside with me and surely I would never leave her in the car under the weather conditions. I sat in the parking lot contemplating  should I take her home and come all the way back or do I see if I can seek out a good citizen to watch my pup for a few min while I run inside and pay? NO! I can't do any of those things, am I crazy? No I'm not, just hungry. 

While sitting in the parking lot with my pup, I place a call to the restaurant. A super nice girl answers the phone, and I really wish I remembered her name so I could
Shout her out! I explained my situation and ask if there is any way they can bring my food to the car? She said YES without hesitation. She even acknowledged my pup and said hello to her when she came out to the car. 

So to end this long story I was super stoked that this location just continues to be so awesome and provided above and beyond service to me and my pup. PLUS...my order was RIGHT!!! SCORE!

Add on from a previous visit on different date: I order all our food, get to the counter to pay, and realize my wallet is missing. It's dinner time rush. So embarrassed and with people waiting behind me, I ask the cashier if there  is anyway I can call my bf and get his cc # to pay over the phone. She says sure no problem (I think she could see my embarrassment and worried look). How awesome was that? They totally could have turned me away. Again with the above and beyond! :)