The family was back in Vegas over 4th of July weekend, and so we had to come back to Frank & Fina's for some authentic Mexican, and man they didn't disappoint, at all!

Last year we visited on 4th of July, this year we visited a couple days before the 4th, thinking it would be less full, and boy were we wrong! It was actually packed (and for a very good reason!). Fortunately, we were seated immediately upon getting there, and were delighted to see that a couple of the waitresses recognized us from our previous trip, welcoming us back.

You can't come to F&F's and not order the Empanadas appetizer! You just can't! Four beef/cheese filled turnovers, that taste awesome paired with the chipotle ranch dip that comes with them! Hands down their signature appetizer!

On this particular visit, we were fortunate that the house specials of the day included Spinach Tamales (pictured). While I didn't taste them, pops and moms each had one and they both loved the taste and texture of it. Moms wasn't expecting it to taste great, but the seasoning of the spinach won her over. Being a vegetarian, she often complaints that there isn't much great tasting vegetarian fare these days at restaurants. She kept complementing how great the tamale tasted and pops echoed her sentiment. A first, since we're used to tamales with pork/chicken/dulce, but never one made of spinach. Kudos for the great idea to the folks at F&F's!

Myself, I was hungry and so I had the Shrimp al Mojo de Ajo and the Al pastor burrito. The servings here are always generous, and so I skipped on the beans/rice and gave those to my parents, and I just went in on the shrimp and the burrito. It was my first time tasting the Al pastor burrito here, and I am glad I did. It is now one of my favorite dishes here at F&F's. The meat tender, cooked to perfection, and the Al pastor flavoring just perfect, not too heavy, not too lean. The Shrimp were also great tasting and plentiful. It took well over an hour, but managed to finish my entree LOL

Overall, service was great as always (And who doesn't appreciate when the wait staff actually remembers you from a year ago?). That is truly an awesome thing. So far, we are 2/2 with F&F's and have made it our favorite Vegas Mexican restaurant. We shall return in the fall again!

Until then, happy adventures folks!