I am going to make this as unbiased as possible. I am just about finishing up working as a hostess here after a year and a half... I'm sure some of you have seen me for the split second as I sit you and then wave goodbye after your meal. But my career has other plans in store for me farther than Arizona. 

***I would like to disclose that I was never told to write this by any boss or coworker, this was purely 100% my choice, and was not influenced. I just believe to give credit where credit is due***

I will start off with the review about the food. It has never disappointed. Again, I am being as unbiased as I can. The menu is truly customizable, I am STILL coming up with new ways on what creation I am going
to consume next. People who eat great food are happier I find. If you know me, brown sauce will forever and always be my obsession.(I highly recommend you try it) I have yet to get sick of this place... And I have an inkling I never will.

I am honestly deeply saddened to leave this place behind. I have been a customer for years prior to working here, and it really is a home away from home for me. And even sometimes I actually AM a customer on my days off. It's a family at Ajo Als. It truly is. Even the owner , Mr. Dains, who mind you... Owns 4 locations with many employees, is able to recognize my voice on the phone when I answer it and say "Hello, Kaylee". That's amazing. There has not been a single shift where a coworker, boss, or customer hasn't been able to put a genuine smile on my face. We all get along, and I am sure if you pay attention, you can see it by the way the employees interact with one another. I will always consider Ajo Al's my second family. 

And lastly... A review on the customers. You guys are the cherry on top. All around, you guys are some awesome, sweet people. About a third of the time I'm not even the first one to say "How are you doing?" It's you guys asking it the second you walk in the door. It's you guys who make conversation when I sometimes have nothing to say. I am forever grateful to have awesome customers like you guys and had a pleasure serving.