Whoa. Oh, and wow. So, I was debating giving this place four stars because yes it is dark in there and yes the tables are a bit cramped and it did get loud.... but..... I just can't. The food was so good that it completely made up for those things. 

The BF and I went here for my (very very belated) birthday dinner (we had made res's somewhere else on my b day that fell through *cough* monarch *cough* and had to make new plans). So I decided to try something a bit different and go to the Mission. I am very glad I did. The BF and I made open table reservations and were seated promptly when we got there. Our waiter was this funny guy named Derek, who, at first I thought I wasn't going to like that much (I have an aversion to trendy scottsdale people) but turned out to be wonderful and make great suggestions all night! So thanks Derek!

The BF and I decided to order a few different small plates to get a feel for the restaurant. We ordered the cola crispy pork belly, the table side guac, the steak tacos, and a side of chipotle honey grits. I also got a Mission margarita. So my margarita comes out and it is really great! I have only had one other margarita that I liked equally. It was extremely fresh and it wasn't made out of that disgusting green sweet stuff that normally makes up margs. I would definitely recommend it (with salt). 

We then get the chips and salsa. The salsa is really smokey and reminds me of the salsa at Abuelos, if you've ever tried that. I liked it a lot. So the man who makes the Guac came over and asked how spicy we wanted it, and we told him hot. He then proceeded to mix the guac using all fresh ingredients. It was so good! and so fresh! I liked how I could taste each flavor that went in, from the cilantro to the delicious tomato and jalapeno.... it was all good.... also, it had pinons on it, which gave it a cool texture. I have only had one better guac, and that is at Barrio cafe.... 

We get the rest of the food, and the portions look tiny, but in reality, they are huge because I just ate half an avocado and a bagillion or so chips. The cola pork belly was Ah. Maze. Ing. I have never had anything like it. It's a crispy sweet and spicy pork with peanut sauce in a lettuce cup. It's like thai mexican fusion. It was the best of the meal. The steak tacos were also wonderful. The BF said it was like eating a new york strip in a taco. It was a little sweet and a little savory... all good. The grits were the only part that were just ok. I liked them, they were creamy and different, but I wouldn't get them again. 

So we had to get dessert, as it was my 'birthday' and Derek recommended the pumpkin bread pudding. Holy crap Derek, you are the man! This thing was one of the most delicious desserts I have had, and definitely the best bread pudding. It's pumpkin bread with a little bit of creme brulee, in a sea of wonderful butterscotch sauce (made from real scotch...mind=blown) with the perfect amount of ice cream and little crunchy seeds for texture. Whoa. Just whoa. 

All this, and the bill was like 65$... that's wonderful! We could come and not get drinks and not get grits and it would be an affordable dinner, which is the best part, because I want to go back.... like right now.