If I could eat only at one restaurant for the rest of my life, this would be the place!

It's definitely a hole-in-the-wall joint, but if you're looking for seriously delicious Mexican, this is the place to go!

I've had basically everything on the menu, and everything is scrumptious, but here are my staples:

Chips and Salsa - They do provide complementary chips and salsa and I could drink their salsa verde... both the red and green salsas are sweet, but they pair well with the fresh chips. 

Bean Dip - The smoky refried beans are mixed with cheese... heaven in a bowl.

Pineapple Avocado Salad - Try it with chicken... makes for a great "light" lunch. The poppy seed dressing is refreshing.

Green Chile Burro - Holy cow. This massive burro is literally bursting with  green chile beef (their delectable carne asada mixed with roasted green chiles). Try it enchilada style with green sauce. You will go home with leftovers with this one.

Plato de Carne Asada (or Carnitas) - Either way, this is a huge plate of meat. The meat is so tender, juicy, and flavorful that it will satisfy even the most finicky Midwesterner. If you get the carnitas (pork), ask for extra limes for making your tacos... totally delish!

Shrimp Tacos - This is the dish I would choose as my last meal (along with another side of refried beans and their chips and green salsa). This is Baja at its best with tender, flavorful shrimp (cooked in a honey butter sauce) served with pineapple salsa that rivals the greatness that is their salsa verde. I've never been a fan of corn tortillas, but with the honey butter sauce soaked into the tortilla, I'd eat a dozen tortillas no questions asked. 

Shrimp Mazatlan - Big sweet shrimp grilled on a skewer with that same yummy honey butter sauce served with a skewer of grilled vegetables and pineapple over rice. So good.

Enchiladas Monterey - The same great carne asada in enchilada form. Get 'em both with green sauce. You can thank me later.

Plato de Chimichanga - This is good any way you get it. Seriously. 

Refried Beans - I never liked beans until I tasted Rosa's refried beans so many years ago... smoky and delicious. I can't get enough of these beans... and find myself licking the plate to get every morsel in. 

Rice - I love red rice, and Rosa's rice doesn't disappoint. The great texture comes from little bits of carrot mixed in.

The prices are really reasonable, and the portions do not disappoint.