Best Mexican food I have had in this state. Hands down. Possibly the best Mexican food I have had on earth, but I have only been to Hermosillo, so what do I know? I know this is on both Best Places to Eat in Las Vegas tomes, or whatever it is called, penned by Curtas, Mancini, and that other guy everyone forgets (Jacobson)(I kid!). 

I had the Consumme Loco. Never heard of the plate before, and I am still not sure if it is a specifically named plate for this restaurant or widely called that. Don't know. It was delicious so I don't care. 

Girlfriend had a cheese quesadilla (she loved it)(said it was the best she had ever had) and for dessert we had platanos with the crazily unhealthy condensed milk spread over it and flan. Delicious, delicious, and delicious. Actually, I did not try the quesadilla so delete one of those deliciouses. Or not, the Consumme Loco deserves two deliciouses. 

The bill was absurdly cheap. Really ridiculous. If I were to tip what I thought was missing from the bill should be costing, the tip would be larger than the actual bill. Since I am a cheapass, I only tipped like 30% of the bill into the cup by the cashier machine. 

I wish it was closer so I can go more often. I wish I still worked near there so I can go often. I feel like punching myself in the nuts for having eaten at Subway circa 2007/2008 and not having eaten at Los Antojos. And I worked with a Mexican-American who was legit Mexican (father always watch futbol; Spanish-language newspaper being delivered to house and always spread out being read; mother making insanely delicious lunches at house for everyone and adorably anxiously waiting for responses to if people liked it or not). Maybe he knew about Los Antojos and just secretly did not like me. 

If you patronise this place and do not like what you eat, there might be something wrong with your taste buds or amygdala. There are no burritos here so don't be an turd and handicap your rating with less stars because you thought you were at Taco Bell®. - E