Here in January to visit my sister and nephew.

Got conned into going to Old Scotsdale.  "It has an Old West vibe" she says.  Yes.  If the old west was populated by fannypack-wearing seniors recently disgorged from tour buses and had tourist-trap souvenir joints as far as the eye could see.  But I digress.

Every get insanely hungry?  So hungry, you're "HANGRY", a combination of being angry and hungry?  That was my state of mind that afternoon.  I used Yelp to look for nearby places that might sate my appetite but, for some reason, I either couldn't find them or, upon arriving at the doorstep, they appeared less-than-favorable.  So we settled on The Mission.

We walked past it a few times before the "HANGER" took over me.  In we went.

The inside looked upscale and cool.  Dimly lit and nicely appointed.  We opted to sit outside. The decor was appropriately Santa Fe without overdoing the theme.  You knew you were in a place that specialized in Mexican or Tex-Mex cuisine but they weren't desperately beating you over the head with a two-pound burrito to drive the point home.

Wife had the Mojito and I had the Primarita to start.  Dangerously drinkable.  So nice I had it twice.  But, thankfully, I didn't morph into Danny Trejo and start throwing crucifix-hilted knives into nearby customers and waitstaff.  It was fresh, clean, thirst-quenching, brilliant.

The waiter was excellent and did and good job of up-selling us to the table-side guacamole.

Prepared fresh, another gentleman came and created luscious, flavorful guac in a stone mortar that would have been the envy of any alchemist.  The fresh ingredients certainly played a major role in the quality of this guacamole but I think the theater was a significant portion as well.  ORDER THIS IF YOU GO.  You will weep bitter, bitter tears in your pillow that night if you skip it.  Allergies to guacamole or anything that tastes awesome are your only excuses.

Wife had the skirt steak tacos. I had a bite and found it to be excellent.  Well-seasoned and juicy.  I had the pork tacos which, mysteriously, are only listed as a 10-pack serving2.  I enjoyed mine greatly finding them moist and flavorful.

If you are in Old Scottsdale, come here for a big-ass lunch or early dinner.  You won't be disappointed.  Have a few Primaritas.  You'll thank me.