Once in a while, miracles happen to me. It's often while I'm traveling, which is probably because (a) you're in a more desperate, survivalist state when you don't have your bearings and therefore unexpected discoveries seem more miraculous, and (b) when I travel I visit almost exclusively the historic downtown core of any place, which is usually where everything magical resides. 

Now, I may be the only person in the world who travels to Las Vegas to visit the historic downtown core, but this is who I am and you're just going to have to learn to deal with it. Also, fuck the Strip. It's the same shitty middleamerican crowd, it's just more expensive and larger scale, which are shitty middleamerican things anyway.

Back to the historic downtown core thing, they appear to be doing some civic redevelopment stuff in the "East Fremont Street" area. So when LB and I were traipsing around in the 105 degree heat admiring historic neon signs and abandoned wedding chapels, and we noticed a big sign across from the El Cortez for "MEX/CUBAN FOOD", I knew immediately that a travel miracle was upon us. And it was. 

First of all, it is the cutest fucking place you have ever seen. From the neon signage to the bright pink and gold chairs and pleather booths to the waitresses' dresses, it makes you want to kill yourself for ever having eaten at a crappy Chevy's. It's the real deal. It also has a giant big screen TV upon which we witnessed the following: latin music videos on "htv" (hispanic tv? anyway, h-urbano was our favorite channel), music videos featuring booty shaking ladies and armadillos, and - this is for real - a DVD concert series of recent performances by KC & the Sunshine Band, Wild Cherry, and the Trammps. Now, if you know me, you know that disco music is the way to my heart. So Mamacita's, you had me at Play That Funky Music Whiteboy. But I'm not sure you had the large Mexican family eating at pushed-together tables, because they were not stoked when you turned off the Urbano. Also, I should add that the sound system is first rate, and I think at night it turns into a dance club. Sweet.

So, we also learned, "Mex/Cuban" does not mean a mishmosh of two cuisines. Apparently the owner (?) is Mexican, and her husband is Cuban, which means they have two distinct menus, one for each cuisine. Which results in more delicious choices for you, the customer. I would recommend ordering everything under "side orders" and a Cuban Sandwich. That's what I did. You may want to play it more on the healthy side and order the vegetarian fajitas, or the avocado salad. I know this because I ate those, too. Also, make sure to get the yuca. It comes two ways: fried, and in an oily roasted garlic sauce. I mean, you might as well get both of those, too. I'm not going to lie and say we didn't.  You can also get an entire roasted tilapia, if that's your thing. We actually didn't order that. 

Anyway, the point is that the food in Vegas is so generally shitty that when you're ready for a meal that doesn't involve processed lunch meat or $0.99 shrimp cocktail, Mamacita's is there for you, so be ready to EAT.

Also, the ladies serving you are pretty much the nicest people I've ever met, so if you are one of those assholes that is rude to cab drivers and waitstaff, please don't go in here because I will be forced to break knees.

The customer base is eclectic. A nice mix of latin families, oddly misplaced white people and the local street characters, of which there seem to be many on this part of East Fremont. On the walk back to the hotel I was asked if my ethnic heritage includes Russian by a dude smoking a doob in plain sight, and I'm pretty sure I saw Aileen Wuornos order a burrito. But something about it was way less scary than the nasty hooker trash at the Palms.