Whoa, stop hard at Owens and N Eastern Blvd.  This place ROCKS!  I read reviews and thought it sounded like one of those out of the way gems.  But when I got there was afraid it was one of the decorated up Mexican joints that looked all spiffy with fancy decor and paint colors.  And then served you something that was just okay meh that left you feeling like it was almost good enough to go back but was lacking.  Wow, I let the waitress tell me what was her favorite... still not sure exactly what it was but ticket shows Camerones Chipo, waitress told me it was very very hot.  She came back 3 times to ask me 'Are you sure it is okay.'  Dam near licked the plate clean but thought that might show my lack of class when eating!!  Sopped up every drop of sauce with those killer tortillas they served!!!  Beans excellent, rice done just right, even chips and salsa (with lots of tomatillos and I normally don't like tomatillos) were great.  Then the waitress almost topped the main course, some cheese burrito that had been deep fried that rocked as well.  Left wanting to turn around and go in and reorder exactly the same thing!!!!  Now thats a meal when you want to hurt yourself by having an immediate repeat when you are already waddling out the door.  Last night it was an $80 prime rib, shrimp appetizer and tiramasu at supposedly one of the best steakhouses downtown that left that shoulda been good meh feeling.  Tonight it was $17.00 camerones and cheese burrito for desert that ROCKS.  Wish I was going to be here longer would go back again.  The only thing that I want different is for the chef not to tone down the heat for the white gringo, (loved the waitress she was so concerned she was going to hurt the lightweight).  Now that is taking care of the customer.  And it was spicy enough to know that it could be serious heat and still have awesome flavor.  Waitress promised if I come back it would be the real thing for the gringo.  Killer food, awesome service and would go back in a heartbeat.  Thanks Los Molcajetes I doubt you can find many places with more flavor in their food in LV, celebrity chefs included.