In all my years in the valley, last night was my first opportunity to experience this little gem on the 16th street corridor.  We opted for the downstairs bar; fortunately the four of us were able to find seating in a booth; it's rather intimate and tiny down there.  The ambiance downstairs was very dark and quiet with candlelit tables (not in a creepy way; it was just very serene).  Our group had just finished an outing at Moon Valley Golf and we were famished.  Thankfully, the portions here are hefty.  Brittney was our lovely server; just a spectacular woman in every facet.  We had the cheese tray, which was superb.  I especially loved the liverwurst that accompanied.  You don't see that around town as much.  Also, the fresh artichoke dip was one of the best I've ever had.  I think she mentioned it was made with fresh artichokes rather than the canned hearts.  If that's the case, then BRAVO.  It really made a difference - noticeably more flavorful than many I've had in town.  I and another in our party had the Niman burger (Niman is a very cared-for brand of beef, and it's worth every penny).  It was cooked perfectly with the flavor I expect when ordering Niman beef - I mean SO good.  Ms. Brittney obliged my request for extra mushrooms and caramelized onions.  I know my friend's impression of the burger was the same.  I can honestly say the fries could be better.  I realize I'm splitting hairs here; it's just that they seemed very basic.  However, probably not a ton of french fries being served at this finer restaurant.  My boss had the salmon special; he doesn't talk much, but I can tell he enjoyed it thoroughly.  Brittney also alerted us to a special appetizer - the white asparagus.  It was delicious - white asparagus has less of a "grassy" taste - milder in flavor yet just as nutritious.  Her selling point was amusing:  "c'mon guys, it's healthy."  :)  Yeah, healthy - yet served with Hollandaise sauce and diced bacon! lol.   Finally, our last member of the party had the prime rib sandwich - which after seeing I wanted!  Looked to be an ample portion of beef.  

To recap:
ambiance = dark and relaxing.  Cell service is nil downstairs, so enjoy your time interacting with your group!  
seating = not ample, don't bring a huge group downstairs.  Extraordinarily comfortable booth.
food = grade A 
Brittney = A+  :) - even though she teased me because I was having trouble finishing my HUGE burger.  

Thank you for an thoroughly enjoyable post golf dining experience.

Chris G.