Who would've thought that delicious authentic Mexican food could be found in a tiny little hole-in-the-wall joint in the Southside?

I've been wanting to go to this place since seeing some of the reviews on Yelp (thanks Yelpers!), and it did not disappoint. As mentioned, this is a hole-in-the-wall, but in the best possible way -- cute, cozy, unpretentious, and not dirty or outdated. It only has like 7 or 8 small tables, but it was not at all busy when our group of 4 went on a Sunday evening. We were the only non-Spanish-speaking customers in there at the time, which I was hoping was a good sign with regards to the food's authenticity. 

Their menu is smaller than some of the other typical Mexican places around the 'Burgh that have, for example, 17 pages of Combos #1-100 to choose from. I think this is a good thing, because it means that they can focus on a few dishes and do them well. La Palapa's menu covers most of the Mexican basics -- tacos, tortas, tamales, quesadillas, flautas, burritos, enchiladas, etc., along with churrasco meats. Note that unlike at most other Mexican restaurants, you will not get free chips and salsa to start here. Maybe that speaks even more to the restaurant's authenticity...do they serve free chips and salsa at restaurants in Mexico? I've never been to Mexico, so I have no idea, but free chips and salsa totally sounds like an American thing to me. I digress...

I opted to get the mole poblano con pollo with pinto beans and vegetables (subbed for rice). It was simply delicious. You can tell that this food is fresh, homemade, and prepared with care. The chicken breast was succulent and so tender that it easily fell apart when cut with my fork. The mole sauce was slightly sweet and warmly spiced, although not hot spicy. They do have squeeze bottles of a very hot homemade green sauce (similar to the green sauce served at Chicken Latino) that you can add to your dish to kick up the spice intensity if you wish (which of course I did!)  The pinto beans that came as a side were very flavorful and well-seasoned, as were the vegetables (a mixture of fresh zucchini, squash, carrots and spinach). 

My dining companions each ordered various items (tacos, enchiladas, tamales), and everyone was equally impressed with their food. I had a bite of my husband's poblano tamale and it was to die for. Also, their tacos are enormous! Along with the tamale, my husband got a chorizo taco and immediately had to knife-and-fork it because it was so big. One of our friends got a chicken taco and attempted to eat it the normal way, but had to give up because there was just so much filling. So they definitely don't skimp on the portion sizes here. Delicious food and a good value -- a rare combination these days! 

Service was fantastic. We had the sweetest server who was very attentive in filling our waters, checking in to see how we liked the food, clearing our dishes, etc. It's also BYOB, which is awesome (although we did not take advantage of this -- next time!)

Seeing as La Palapa shines in service, food, and value, this will definitely be my new go-to spot for Mexican. Cheers amigos!