Okay, let's try this place out.  This is the live blow by blow--writing this review in the restaurant.

I have been waiting for months, driving past this place almost daily waiting for it to open.  It's finally open, so let's wait an hour in queue and get some Mexifood at the newest place in town.

Nice chips with pico--so far so good.  Chips a bit greasy, but tasty.  Ambiance here cool.  They put some money into this place.  Salt and pepper shakers are Coronita bottles--yup seen this before.

When I go to Mexican restaurants, I rarely drink beer, but this time, yes, I had a Dos Equis.  This, with the chips, was a nice start.

And now, the moment of truth.  I got three enchiladas with rice and beans.  My wife got the beef burro with fundido.  My daughter got a chile relleno plate.

Scratch the beans--they ran out.  LOL!  That's ok.

From the first bite--incredible.  You get a LOT of food here for your money and a high amount of quality goes with that quantity.  There used to be a place in the SF Bay Area called La Michoacana.  They had the best Mexican food ever--I'm not kidding.  When they closed, I was very sad to realize that I may never have Mexican Food of that kind of complexity again.  Well, I'm happy to say that La Fonda has it!  Many Mexican restaurants have good food, but overdo the cilantro or have some flavor out of balance.  Here, ALL tastes are in balance--it tastes as if it was made in Nana's kitchen.  Even my daughter said that it tastes like her Grandmother's cooking, except with more cheese.  That's high praise.

As it turns out, the recipes used at this place are actually from the owner's grandmother--that's why it's all so good.  We finished off the meal with flan and sopapillas--a perfect ending to a great meal.

I haven't been to every Mexican restaurant in the Valley (there are hundreds, maybe thousands), so I can't say that this is the best Mexican restaurant in the area.  However, I have been to quite a number of them, and this really is the best one I have been to so far. Service was absolutely stellar.

I said it before to the owner, and I will say it again here--DON'T CHANGE!  I want to come back again sometime soon, and sometime later, and I want this same kind of taste time after time.

I'm glad to have the first review up here so I can give you all a great first impression of this place on Yelp.  If you are looking for superb Mexican Food in the Tempe area, this is the spot to visit.  Say thirsty (and hungry) my friends.