Ife A. was right. This place is legit.

If you pay attention when driving around, you've probably noticed that there are little taquerias all over town. Tacos El Compita #3 is one place that I've passed several times on the way to the nearby Cardenas. This taco shop is across the street from the Q Mall Swap Meet and is across the side street from the slightly more well-known Mariscos Vallarta. It's most likely the diamond in the rough of this tiny plaza, which otherwise merely has a check cashing place, a smoke shop, and a cakes-only bakery.

This is certainly a hole in the wall, but it has plenty of seating and is pretty clean. The employee at the register today speaks fluent English, which you can't take for granted at these joints. Most importantly, the food is awesome, the meats are plentifully portioned, and the cuisine is certainly not at all Americanized.

I finally did the math just now and realized that most of the tacos are the same price ($1.39) no matter if you pick the plate of 5 tacos or if you get one taco each. That's really cheap! I wanted to try six of their eight taco meats anyway, and they were still able to fit them all on the same plate. All of their tacos are served on two tortillas, which is standard, and come with a modest amount of salsa, cilantro, and onions. More of those are available at the condiment bar, which also includes jalapenos, surprisingly spicy pickled onions, pico de gallo, and lime wedges.

The lengua was my first taste, and it was one of my favorites. It's super tender and flavorful here, and it's only priced 25 cents higher than the other meats. I also enjoyed the buche about as much as my other recent favorite buche. It's fried and also bursts with flavor. The al pastor of El Compita is actually not served with pineapples. The employee said that they don't even have pineapple because it's simply not the recipe that they use. But I was converted after the first bite, which had tasty meat and marvelous caramelized onions. I couldn't stuff the rest of the taco in my mouth fast enough after that.

The tripas was quite good, although I'll have to ask for them to make it a little more crunchy next time before giving my final verdict. The cabeza wasn't overly impressive, especially since I tried it just after the lengua, but I'd probably get it again also. The asada was my least favorite, but it was still enjoyable aside from the lack of other accoutrements such as guacamole that you'll find at some taquerias.

Overall, I was very happy with my tacos, so I'll certainly return to Tacos El Compita #3. Maybe I'll even venture into other parts of their menu, which includes mulitas, tortas, and a few different Mexican stews.