My husband and I came to the Revival on Valentine's Day on a suggestion from a friend who worked at the former Four Peaks Tasting Room.  We arrived just after they opened and had our pick of the outdoor tables.  The staff was amazing!  Our waiter was so polite and friendly and answered any questions we had about the menu and drinks.  He kept apologizing for the long wait, which I thought was unnecessary because we were enjoying the lovely Saturday afternoon and the absolutely delicious bloody Mary's the bartender prepared for us.  Also, the wait wasn't long at all, I think he was just being accommodating.

The food - WOW.  Having been raised on New Mexico style Mexican food, I was worried I wouldn't like this newfangled stuff they had on the menu.  We opted for the chips and guacamole and vegetarian Rellenos.

The chips and guac were fresh, tasty, and full of good spicy flavor.  The rellenos should be their own food group.  They come atop some potato substance that has me craving more, just a few days after, and stuffed with spinach and covered in the most wonderfully delicious sauces I have ever tasted.  It was spicy and fresh and absolutely perfect!  

For desert we took home the berry empanadas and vanilla ice cream.  I ate them later that evening and wished I had ordered more!  They were absolutely fabulous.  Fried to perfection with cinnamon and sugar and stuffed full of deliciously sweet, fresh berries.  Don't miss out!

We moved in to the bar to finish our drinks since the restaurant was filling up with reservations for the Big Date Night.  The bartender was absolutely fabulous and made us feel so comfortable and welcomed.  Other staff members also stopped to chat with us.  We felt like we got back some of what we were missing from the Tasting Room and that whole Tempe community vibe.  VERY friendly folks working here.

I can't wait to bring friends, co-workers, and family back for more delicious food, drinks, and laid back ambiance.

Ask for Kevin or Lindsey as your servers; they will treat you like family and make sure you have everything you need.

LOVE this place!