Last night I planned on getting home from work, working out, eating a healthy dinner and going grocery shopping.  Instead I laid in bed until Pens traffic died down and dragged my roomie out to SouthSide with me to finally try some tacos from this place. And then we got ice cream. And I have no regrets.

This place is so small you almost miss it, but it is located exactly to the right of Twelve on Carson and is adorable when you get inside.  It's narrow with about 8? barstools lining the counter and maybe two other hightops against the window.  It's decorated in sugar skulls and cool, bright colors and I didn't even mind waiting for my tacos because I was taking in all the décor!

It was Taco Tuesday, but there weren't too many other people in there, probably because it was the first really cool day of the season (plus the Pens game!).  Even Tia, the bartender at Twelve who also works behind the counter at Doce was very surprised at how dead it was.  Service was quick.  I got one chicken and one carnitas taco and my roomie got a chicken (minus avocado) and Americano.  We inhaled them and they were excellent.  We ended up ordering one more each.  Our bellies were stuffed full and we paid (a whopping 11 dollars each for 3 filling tacos and a bottle of water) and were on our way!

I agree with other reviewers when they say that these tacos are better than Las Palmas.  Doce's ingredients are carefully and perfectly executed and my tacos weren't falling apart in my hand like they ALWAYS do everywhere else in Pittsburgh.  They were so full of flavor and everything worked together so nicely.  I always find myself having to add hot sauce or more salsa or salt and pepper, but here - what they served was spot on.  I really liked this place and I think they are doing an amazing job.  I didn't mind the small menu at all and thought it was a nice thing to have a special of the day where you could get something different.  It would be nice to add a fish taco at some point to the regular menu though :) Thanks Doce..Cant wait to come back!