We stumbled upon this little gem, it's around the corner from my husbands' new work location.

Damn, this place is crazy good, fresh, full of flavor and MADE TO ORDER. Are you kidding me?  It's like sitting in your abuelitas house while she cooks just for you. All the while you are drinking green kool-aid and watching cartoons in her living room, on her couch covered in a clear plastic cover. Just like that.

The place is small, sits in a small business center right behind a gas station. DO NOT LET THIS store front fascade scare you away. Inside is the cutest little mexican restaurant with modern decor you will ever find. There are only 4 tables (square) that seat 4 people each. Don't fret, take out is available also.

We were the only customers in the  place, we arrived at 7 p.m. and they close at 8 (On Sunday, which is today) so we got their full attention. The owner and his wife (I believe she was the cook) treated us like we were family. The owner recommended the CC Sizzle and the green chile chicken enchiladas. He explained that the green chile is from a certain region in New Mexico (which is why the taste will be very different from many other mexican restaurants) and let me tell you..we ordered that shit right up.

My husband tried the CC Sizzle on the sopapilla (we've never tried one before) and I ordered the green chile and chicken enchiladas in verde sauce...for the love of god. So damn good and the best enchiladas I HAVE EVER HAD. I have traveled to many states and eaten at many different restaurants, I guarantee you will not have a better enchilada hit your mouth.

My youngest daughter, who is 8, hates mexican food. She ate two of their chicken hard shell tacos and ate them both exclaiming "I have never eaten so much mexican food in my life, it's because these are so delicious...I can't wait to come back" Our sentiments exactly, my husband, older daughter and I agree 100% .

The owner checked on us, when he could've been getting ready to close. He was attentive, super sweet and just a good soul. He made us 3 complimentary dessert sopapilas with powdered sugar and honey, to go along with the one that came with my daughters' kids meal. He talked to my husband and I about the original restaurant that still resides in New Mexico, been open since 1960 something. My husband let me try (before he devoured) the CC Sizzle sopapila and it was delicious, flavorful and fresh off the grill.

Love, love, love this spot. Told him I would be back for round 2 tomorrow, because I want to bring a friend who just moved to Vegas, so she can tell her friends, and they can tell their friends and keep this spot open for many years like it's first location.

If I could give it 10 stars, I would!