Anyone who's been to South Phoenix knows that Mexican restaurants in that area are about as ubiquitous as bad drivers in Phoenix. My husband and I have lived in the area for 9 months or so but have always been a bit intimidated by just how much selection there is. To make matters worse, there aren't many Yelp reviews of places around here, so we keep feeling like any choice we make is uninformed. (Whatever did we do before Yelp?!) 

One night, we decided to drive down Central and look for the restaurant that was the most crowded with locals. (Naturally, Poncho's was crowded but we have been there before and find it good but not particularly authentic). Las Glorias--a white and blue building with fish painted on it--was packed, so we made a mental note and decided to return. We came back on New Year's Day when it was decidedly less crowded but the food did not disappoint. In fact, it was downright delicious and this place is definitely our new local favorite. 

As you can see from the pictures, this place is even more themed inside. There is kitschy nautical decor everywhere--my personal favorite is the lighthouse on the wall that lights up. This place could be covered in real barnacles, though, and I wouldn't care. The food was just that good. To start with, the tortilla chips were hot and fresh out of the oven and the salsa was perfect with the perfect consistency and flavor. 

For our entrees, I got the Camarones Culichi ($12.50), and my husband got the Camarón y Filete Empanizado ($12.50), which is essentially breaded fish and shrimp served with rice, beans and salad. My shrimp were the freshest I've had in Phoenix with a sweet flavor and firm texture and the culichi sauce (a spicy green chili cheese sauce) was creamy but spicy at the same time. Even when I had finished the shrimp, I found myself dipping chips into the sauce. Can't let something that good go to waste! My husband's fish and shrimp were also excellent, with a slightly spicy and crunchy breading. They were even better dipped in one of the provided hot sauces (don't remember the name but it had a brownish color and tasted smoky). 

Our experience at Las Glorias was so great the first time that we decided to order to go from there recently. It's nice that they have a website with a menu since most local Mexican places do not. That time, we sampled the Camarones a la Diabla (again, great shrimp and kickin' flavor), the Crab Enchiladas w/ green sauce (incredible flavor and not too rich, but we could have gone without the few shell pieces we encountered), and the Ceviche Tostada (super fresh and perfectly spicy and a steal at only $3). 

You may have a local Mexican spot you love but there's something distinct and really wonderful about a seafood-only Mexican restaurant with eccentric decor and excellent fresh food. Venture on down Central (yes, south of downtown) and try it for yourself!