1:30 PM Sitting patiently at the DMV next to a girl with cursive writing expanding from her neck to her face. I automatically assume she's gang affiliated.

1:40 PM I reach down accidently elbowing tattoo girl in the side attempting to pat both of my cheeks to make sure she hadn't pickpocketed me during my 10 minute powernap. Trusting my periphial vision, I glance at tattoo girl in hopes she didn't notice. I knew she turned to look at me cause the tattoo on her neck distorted with the twist of her head. I found myself instantly starring at the ground before we made eye contact.  She noticed. Her bitter stare seemed to burn the side of my retinas without even looking. I knew her possy was now waiting outside for me.

1:50 PM I make a comment to myself about the wait, but stop part way when a loud grumble comes from my stomach. The blood rushes to my face as I make a quick glance around in embarrassment like the new kid who farted in class. I immediately pull out my phone and act occupied like I didn't hear a thing and pretended texting.

1:54 PM After much discomfort, I finally realize it was my stomach eating the last lining of itself. It's been 24 minutes. This wait feels like eternity. I try to pass the time by thinking of ways to attach a weed wacker to a bicycle so I never have to deal with this again. I find myself getting angry at the employees for no particular reason. I picture myself riding my weed wacker bicycle over their torsos for making me wait so long. I think it's the hunger starting to speak out.

2:05 PM  It's been 35 min. I convince myself that the numbers are not in any sequential order and they are purposely skipping past me. I crumble my ticket in my hand to return to the lady up front. Realizing that was an immature move, I quickly uncrumble it and look up to hand it to the lady. I see she caught me in action uncrumbling it but I don't care anymore because i'm already riding my weed wacker bicycle over her torso in my head. I bolt for the exit and hear my number faintly called across the room. I made a haste decision out of hunger and frustration and  continued to my car. I must have been delirious from hunger by now because I forgot about tattoo girls posy waiting outside for me.

2:12 PM- I hear that disgusting noise again and realize I haven't eaten all day. I recall a friend telling me about this place called "Nacho Mama's" and their unbelievably delicious carnitas tacos. My mouth becomes numb and I accidently dribble on my shirt.

2:25 PM- I don't remember the drive from the DMV to N.M but somehow I ended up in their parking lot. I wasn't going to question it.

2:26 PM- I walk to the front of Nacho Mama's and see a fence surrounding it blocking me out. Luckily I found the front door along the side because I was just about to gnaw through the fence and chew a hole in the side of the building to get in.

2:27 PM- I walk around like a fool to the front door cause I know they are watching me through the windows trying to find the front door, but it doesn't matter because there is nothing seperating me anymore from my plate of carnitas tacos.

I walk in with my eyes adjusting from the suns rays. My eyes instantly focus on a cute girl that greeted me at the entrance with a welcoming smile.  For a second I forgot what I was there for but then remembered to stick to the plan, the "carnitas tacos". I quickly smiled back and made a b-line for the bar top.

2:30 PM- Cute girl starts to walk over to ask what she can get me.  I open my mouth to speak to cute girl and realize part of my brain has shut down due to lack of nutrients and for the life of me it cannot think of a clever line to greet her with. I give up with the clever line and go straight to the point. "5 Carnitas tacos please" i tell her with my hoarse voice. She smiles at me because she seems to enjoy my presence. I smile back because I just made a complete sentence without dribbling on myself at this point feeling famished. I now hear my heart threatening my stomach that it's going to quit beating If I don't nourish it soon.

2:38 PM- Waiting at the DMV made my wait at Nacho Mama's almost seem instant. I'm starting to think that the carnitas tacos put out a contagious aroma, because cute girl is still smiling, but now I am too as she sets my steaming plate in front of me. I use no manners and instantly stuff my fat face. What would my mother think.

2:44 PM- I hummed to myself as each taco became a half, and each half became nothing more than a crumb. I started kicking myself for not ordering 67 more. I think the ambition from the Man VS food show on one of the several flat screen TV's above the bar gave me the desire. I started listening more attentively to the show and soon felt jealousy that I do not have his position being able to stuff my face for work. 2 tacos later, I suddenly realized I would hate his job, and slaved away to fit the last of these tasty morsels. My stomach protruding;I was more than satisfied. (Pg 1 of 2)