I just wanted to let everyone know how wonderful the staff is at this Dos Gringos.  I had my birthday gathering at this location because of how the staff treated me from the first time I called to ask about their restaurant/bar.  I believe the bartender's name was Cheryl that worked the day shift on Saturday 8/10/13.  She was so full of energy and explained everything thoroughly of what they could offer for a small group of 12 people.  She informed one of her manager's would call to further confirm the details.  This was such a pleasant surprise after not having AT ALL the same experience of calling the Sandbar off of Ray Road in Chandler(closer to my house).

Then the day before the gathering there were weather reports that it could rain so I called them up and spoke to their assistant manager Jenny.  She was so polite, professional, and full of energy.  She said we will do whatever it takes to make sure the gathering was fun and could move us inside which gave me peace of mind.
Then the general manager- Hannah called a couple of hours prior to the gathering to make sure we were still good with the time of 7pm and reassured me that if it rained they would move us inside.  WOW this is what I call customer service.

The night of my birthday gathering they did move us inside, but not because of it raining, but it was only 114 degrees outside.  They set us so that a couple of tables made a long table and way in the back that made it more private.  Niki our server was so sweet and accommodating.  She had to wait several times to take orders as some of my friends were coming in at random times.  She made sure that everyone was taken care of throughout the night as well as Hannah checking in to see if it was still going good. 

We never did get to play corn hole or jenga- but it was there if we wanted to do so.
I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to have a birthday gathering to just a social with friends.  The staff is out of this world.  Thanks to all of you for making my birthday gathering a wonderful and fun experience.

Warmest regards,
Joann Z