When they opened the new Filiberto's on Pecos/McQueen, I was at once ecstatic and dismayed.  Ecstatic because there was a new Filiberto's VERY conveniently located.  Dismayed for the same reason - I knew at once that this location would result in too many visits and the ensuing poundage and cholesterol increase.  I'll admit it:  I'm a devout "full of gatos" addict!  My addiction was solidly confirmed the time my sister and I ate there on Christmas morning (back when they were open 24/7/365).

Filiberto's is not just for the drunk.  Oh, don't get me wrong, that 24-hour drive-through lends itself to intoxicated grubbage, as anyone who has sat in the way long 2AM drive-through line can attest.  Filiberto's is a mandatory detour on the way home from a long, beverage-filled evening.  Seriously, the food has magical anti-hangover properties!  But it's also a great place for lunch, take out dinner, and Sunday breakfast/brunch.

The Pecos Road location is in a new building, and is actually quite nice, especially by Fiberto's standards.  There is plenty of seating inside, it's clean, bright, and the decor is pleasant.  A sound system plays light rock (I think it's usually KEZ) at a reasonable level.  Like most fast-food places, you step up to the counter, read the menu posted on the wall, place your order, pay, and then wait for your food.  There is a counter around the corner with self-serve soft drinks, utensils, etc., as well as pickled jalapenos, fresh cucumbers, salsas and menudo garnish.  I usually order, then get some tea and load up a dish of cucumbers while I wait.

The service is quick and efficient.  The people behind the counter are friendly, and when they're not too busy, they'll even bring your food out to you.

Filiberto's food has to be tried to be appreciated.  It's good, solid, kitchen Mexican, served in gigantic quantities.  I can't imagine what the gross margins are at this place, but I'll bet they would cause the average CFO apoplexy.  I don't know how they make any money considering the low prices and the huge portions.

Take the carne asada burrito:  A soft, warm 36" flour tortilla (but seriously, it's HUGE) stuffed to bursting with tender steak, onions, cheese, salsa and their homemade guacamole.  This thing is as big as my forearm, and only sets me back $4.45!  It's way more than enough for one meal if you're really, really hungry.  Pair it with some rolled tacos - crisply fried corn tortillas wrapped around shredded beef and smothered in cheese and guacamole, and you've got enough for two lunches for a total bill of $8.24 plus tax.  On occasion, I have found the carne asada to be a bit salty, so my alternate choice is the carnitas.  This is the same flour tortilla stuffed with moist shredded pork that's been stewed with tomatoes and onions.  The fish burrito is also excellent.  Filiberto's also serves breakfast all day - I recommend the chorizo and eggs:  Spicy, fatty chorizo with eggs, beans and rice.  It's good for what ails ya!

On Saturdays and Sundays, if you're a menudo fan, this is the spot for you.  The menudo is rich, red and peppery, and is chock-full of fatty, meaty goodness (yeah, yeah, yeah, we all know it's offal, but it's freaking GOOD!).  There is plenty of hominy to round out the dish, and big marrow bones to suck on and enjoy.  Hangover or not, this stuff is great, and a huge bowl is $5.50.  I wish they had it during the week, too!

Yeah, we all know eating at Filiberto's is not the healthiest, but once you've experienced the humongous greasy goodness, you're hooked.