Ok, you want quick and amazing food that takes you to your childhood, even if you're not Mexican? Reyes de la Torta will do it. 

I had always heard about this place from the youth I worked with. They said it was amazing. Once I went, I was hooked. 

You're going to get a completely different feel from this place. Yeah, it's in a strip mall; yeah, the hostess may stick you and your party at a table smaller than you're accustomed to; Yeah, there is soccer playing on the TVs instead of the news; .. but the food will make you not care about any of those things. Plus, they are always playing Salsa, not loud or rambunctious, trumpet-filled music. This adds to the experience as it makes me feel like I may be somewhere resembling my homeland of Colombia. 

When you're asked for your drink order, make sure you ask for one of their aguas frescas... translation: fresh juice. I always get the Agua Fresca de Limon. It reminds me of the limeade I drink when I am back home in Colombia - this drink makes the whole experience worth it.  The chips and salsa are good, although you might want to watch out with the salsa if you're not a spice fan. 

Ok, the restaurant is named the king of the tortas ... and you ask what is a torta?? To Mexican people, a torta is sandwich of meat, vegetables and anything else they may throw on there made on a hamburger-style bun - and that is what they're famous for -  that is why Adam from Man vs Food went there. But, I have never had their tortas simply because at Reyes you will enter a homemade-tortilla heaven that is like nothing else. These tortillas are amazing, from their texture, to their slight greasiness, to their taste, they are the best tortillas I have ever had. 

So, in order to continue to eat the best tortillas ever, I always get the chicken quesadilla. Yep, it's simple, but amazing. You can also choose to get it "Estilo del Rey" which means they top off your quesadilla with more cheese ( white cheese, not crappy, yellow, greasy cheese), sour cream and green onions. That in itself sends this quesadilla into the history books. 

Do yourself a favor and check out a truly unique restaurant tucked away in a strip mall just south of Hatcher on 7th Street. Make your way up to Sunnyslope and see what the buzz is about.