We were early for a meeting with a friend, so we sat at the outside bar. The bartender suggested a Black Ginger Margarita and it was outstanding. She went on her way and the replacement tender  came in. He seemed cocky in his mannerism and shit talking. He made me another one and I couldn't choke it down. What happened? Our friends arrived and we were seated immediately. We had some catching up to do, so we weren't in a hurry. We had two servers that came back 4 times for our dinner order. I think one was in training. I was getting the warm and fuzzy from all the attention. Right! Once we received our meals the cricket sound started. I ordered a Kobe steak as well as my buddy. Be were both taken aback by the size of our meals. We are not categorized as small people and were expecting something a little more our size. Mine was delicious though. As we were eating I noticed that we all had seen the bottom of our glasses and that no one has been back to we if we needed anything. Our friends husband got up and went to the bar to get himself a drink. I wasn't paying attention to the color of his head, but it was red and he was pissed. After we finished our meals the manager walks by and looks directly at me and asks how everything was? As she was talking I was gently pointing across the table to my friend who was clearly ready to snap her in two. He explained the situation. We were courted until we said yes, and then left at the alter. She apologized several times and all of a sudden we had the two tenors gushing all over us. Then he dropped off our check. The manager came back and asked why we didn't order dessert. We weren't asked. She lost it! Then she came back with a menu and insisted on comping our dessert. No one wanted it, and when she put the menu in front of my buddy he finally gave in. This my friends is where it gets good! They bring out the Chocolate bread pudding with whip cream on top. But the problem was. The picture showed a big scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. As it was explained to us. The menu is from their Newport Beach location and they do not have a freezer specifically dedicated to ice cream at this local. Well. That is why my friend ordered it, and then got into another tussle with the manager because you can't show a picture and then get served something else. I fully agree and if that was the case. The server should have said something as well as having an addendum to the menu. This is were the five stars comes in.  All of a sudden, a bowl appears out of nowhere piled high with vanilla scoops! That is exactly what I would have done to take care of the customer and make them happy. For all of those born in the new millennia. That is what you call "Customer Service". It's a rare site and should be appreciated when encountered. Cheers to SOL and their understanding of what it takes to turn sour grapes into champagne!