I've been wanting to try Frank & Fina's seemingly forever.  Well, not when they were on Charleston, about 9 years ago.  Then it looked a little dive-y.  But I've heard such good things about it that we finally went for dinner.

The ambience has everything I love:  first, it looks traditionally Mexican, with flowers painted above archways, beautiful typical artesanías, such as a stunning copper-framed mirror, and servers who, if not Mexican, are identifiably Latina; none of that earnest young college student "hi, I'm Trevor and I'll be your server tonight" stuff here.

Mariachi and ranchero music played softly in the background.  Both of those musical genres can be raucous, but the volume was just right, allowing for conversation without screaming.

After verifying that the house Sangría was spiked with more than just Sprite, we ordered the carafe.  I was grateful that this 16 oz existed.  We can't handle a pitcher, and I was driving.  It was excellent Sangría, with a lot of fruit.  I would have appreciated it if the fruit pieces had been a little larger than the tiny dice, making it difficult to fish out of the glasses.

I liked the chips, but was surprised that the salsa was not as hot as I would have liked, and I don't like extreme heat.  Tasty, but definitely needed more of a kick.  Though we hardly ever order appetizers, I might have gone for the guacamole, but my chosen entree came with some, so we just forged ahead with the entrees.  We had decided to go with the Chicken in Mole and Carne Asada, and split both of them.

The Mole was delicious - rich, dark and spicy, but not as picante as most (which I usually find a bit TOO hot), so it was perfect.  The Carne Asada was a huge disappointment:  it was tough and lacking in flavor.  I sent it back - no problem! - and got Chicken Ranchero instead.  That was delicious.  Both platters came with rice, no-lard refried beans, and a bit of salad.  My original dish had pink beans, the mole black, but when I changed my dish I asked for the black beans. Alas, I lost my guacamole when I returned the carne asada :(.

The service was excellent, the ambience was enticing, and the food, other than the carne, was terrific.  We liked it a lot.  And we *will* go back!