If you are an culinary adventurer looking for your diamond in the rough, then look no further than this temple of deliciousness in the heart of Phoenix.  

Seldom do I go head over heals for a place, but with La Condesa I am totally smitten.  We went there for dinner on Friday and after the first bite of the guacamole I was wondering where this place had been my entire life and I hadn't even really tried the salsa yet.  

Before I even really dive into the main course, I have to tell you about the salsa bar... it is unique and the flavors are mind blowing.  They have the classic fare of pico, but they have so much more than that... when I say a bar, there are at least 10 impressive salsas to choose from that are freshened frequently.  My favorite, the roasted seven chili salsa; let me tell you I wanted to run into the back and take every last remaining bit of it and run home to enjoy it in solitude.  Seriously though, all of the salsas are incredible... but the seven chili is just the best... dont try debating me, your arguments will fall on deaf ears.  ;)

The guacamole is earth shattering. It has mango, cranberries, avocado and other ingredients that just just take the ordinary and make it extraordinary.

The main course... Pibil Burro...

Jenny B mentioned the movie "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" where Johnny Depp's character had a very passionate love for pibil.  I cannot say enough about the pibil.  From my experience at this restaurant I am sure everything on the menu is amazing, but from my point of view the pibil is where it is at.  Get it, love it, devour it and embrace it for all its glory.  Yeah... I am a fan.

At the heart of this amazing place on 16th Street is a staff that is no less than stellar.  The people that work here are so incredibly friendly and take every opportunity to make sure you are enjoying your experience.  They know how good their food is, you can see it in their eyes, but they also care about the quality and it shows.  

I am a big fan of the staff as much as I am the food that they serve.  Well done La Condesa, well done.