How can I not like this place? It has my name written all over it!

My hubby took me here on a Saturday night because he wanted to get my take on this popular gourmet taco shop. We stepped into the dark interior which had a Day of the Dead décor and filled with ten tables for hungry diners.

The menu is divided into five sections:

Gourmet Tacos or Gourmet Taquetzin
Street Tacos
Gourmet Burros or Cazuela Bowl 
Gourmet Corn - Quesadillas
Lonches

I ordered the Al Pastor Burro (spicy pork, salsa, pineapple, veggies) $9 and Daniel got the Tlaloc Vegan Burro (mesquite grilled cactus, caramelize onion, veggies and cheese) $9. Both of them did not have rice or bean inside (a.k.a. fillers) and still kept it hardy but not overstuffed. My Al Pastor had the spiciness and sweetness which you typically find but what made this burro special, was it was grilled on the top and bottom and the fillings were made from high quality ingredients. And for you cheese lovers, you won't find it inside but I'm sure you can request it. Daniel's burro was a healthy alternative and the cactus had a nice texture. My only complaint was it needed additional salsa to add to the flavor. Be warned ... take a Beano before this meal!

All meals came with a basket of tortilla chips and unlimited trips to the salsa bar which had at least ten different types of homemade salsa to experiment. Most of them had a kick of spice to it and you can pick from chunky vs. smooth salsas. My favorite was mixing the Salsa Mexicana and Avocado Salsa. Talk about double dippin'! The Salsa Chipotle was also another favorite for us.

Personally, the lighting was a little darker than I preferred during dinner. I wouldn't call it romantic but rather adventurous!

Since it was a busy night, the two servers were on their toes and the wait for the food was reasonable. They had an extensive cocktail list with many of the diners enjoying their margaritas and homemade horchatas. 

I hope to return with Daniel to try the mole street tacos and say I ate at "Santisima"!