Judging from the other amazing reviews, it surely won't be long until this gem is packed at all times... Apparently it still hasn't been discovered by the majority of the city yet, which definitely made our Sunday night visit quicker.  

As we arrived, I immediately fell in love with their door.  Their door? Yep. It is an awesome front door.  And the colors? Love.  Definitely a good start to our adventure.

The restaurant only had 2 tables filled - thank goodness there wasn't a wait, since we had the child in tow.   On the advice of other yelpers, we ordered two taco platters and a quesadilla.  Unfortunately, they were out of carne asada, my husband's first choice, but the lovely waitress's genuine apology made everything okay (seriously - people underestimate the power of a good apology!).  We ended up with Tinga chicken, veggie and cochinita tacos and a tinga chicken quesadilla.  

While we waited for our food, we took our time trying many of the salsas at the salsa bar.  I was so happy that we picked a night that they featured the strawberry salsa.  YUM! Why has no one else thought of this deliciousness before??  Our dinner came out quickly and was perfect.  We absolutely loved every bite - the chicken and pork were tender and so flavorful.  

Normally, I don't even bother to share what I ordered to drink... this place is the exception - HORCHATA.  I'm pretty sure that their horchata is taking steroids or something.... it is unnatuarally good.  I can't imagine going there and not indulging in this lovely rice milk - decked out with tons of fruit, pecans, and cinnamon.  Now, in all fairness, I'm about as white as a sheet of paper... so perhaps I've just never been exposed to amazing horchata before... but this seemed to be the ultimate.   Thanks for showing me the horchata light :)

I am looking forward to a return visit - very, very soon.  And if you haven't been there yet - get going!  Show them some love... I want to make sure they stay full and busy, so I can enjoy their deliciousness for many years :)