La Santisima, known in a past life as La Condesa, makes some of the best...THE BEST burritos and salsas in the valley. It looks like fast casual food, but it's a sit down restaurant that costs less than competitors while offering way higher quality eats. 

Like the 15+ varieties of salsa, ranging from a spicy, smoky chipotle to a light, creamy cilantro. Your food is going to take forever, so you might as well enjoy as many as you can. They all come across as very fresh--none of that canned crap. 

My burrito, the Gaucho, was up there with the best I've had. And I've had a LOT of burros. The grilled white cheese, rich steak that had a faint wine flavor, cucumbers, and some peppers. Amazing. Great! The portion was huge as well, and I could barely finish it. I have a HUGE appetite. 

The coolest part was that it was only around $9. That's somewhere between fast-casual and sit-down prices, but with better quality than virtually any Mexican restaurant. For about another $4 you can add some awesome aguas frescas like the horchata, complete with a touch of strawberry. I actually don't like that type of fruit infusion in something I expect to be straight up rice and cinnamon, but I can appreciate the quality ingredients. 

I'm sold on this place, and I definitely recommend you should go, but that doesn't mean I'm going to overlook a few flaws that irk me. The first is that I'm not sure the furniture is either comfortable, tasteful, or clean. The high wooden tables are much obliged for taller patrons like myself, but they were sticky...despite being actively cleaned as we walked in. Gross. The seats are shoddy as well. The airbrush-on-canvas Frida Kahlo paired with the "no no THIS IS HOW MEXICAN FOOD IS DONE WE USE PROPER NAMES" motif on the menu give this a unique, yet eyeroll-worthy vibe I can best describe as try-hard and totally hipster. 

Service is questionable as well. Although I appreciate that everyone who is not American actually takes their time at restaurants, I don't find anything particularly complex that warrants 20+ minutes for a burrito, and tacos/beans/rice for my dining partner. This is on top of the 10+ minutes it took to get a menu. We actually had to get up and grab them ourselves! They were not really paying attention. 

Oh yeah, and then there's the warm tap water. Gross. 

Anyway, Santisima comes across as a place with great cooks that don't know how to run a restaurant. I can't say I enjoyed any aspect of dining in besides salsa sampling, and so I've gotta deduct points even though that was a 5-star burrito. Fortunately, you can avoid these issues by just ordering something to go, which is probably what I'll gladly do when I undoubtedly return.