Of the countless Mexican restaurants in Phoenix, it's hard to find one with an authenticity to it that brings back memories of Mexico City. Fortunately, La Condesa, an excellent taco shop in an unlikely location, succeeds. The first time I went there, I wasn't quite sure what to expect, as I had been recommended numerous times by family members and friends. 

What I noticed immediately was the eclectic selection of homemade salsas. From smoky peanut sauce to deliciously sweet avocado salsa, Condesa has just about everything a chips & salsa lover could imagine. As for the chips themselves, they're actually warm and delicious even when not dipped in one of the many salsas offered. Condesa makes you believe that the chips are being made in the kitchen right before they bring them to your table, even if this isn't the case.

The restaurant's atmosphere perfectly matches the food, with excellent music playing at all times and fascinating art adorning every wall of the room. Based mostly off of classic Mexican art and architecture, La Condesa is beautiful to look at it if you decide to dine alone. Even if you are with friends or family, the many art pieces hung around the room will surely spark a conversation; they're all gorgeous and full of Mexican history.

For the main course, I had a Veggie Burrito with a side of rice and refried beans. Just about everything was absolutely delicious, and pouring a little bit of salsa on it made it even tastier. The beans weren't very full of flavor but were definitely enjoyable especially when eaten with the rice and burrito. 

Since my first visit, I've tried a variety of foods at Condesa but my favorite so far has to be the Shark Meat Burrito. Before trying it there I had never eaten shark meat before and always wondered what it could taste like. To my surprise, it was actually delicious and made for the perfect filling to an already delicious burrito filled with mushrooms, spinach, melted cheese, and garlic.

To drink I only had a pink lemonade, but the person I came with had Condesa's famous Horchata. While I'm used to the delicious and legendary Horchata from Mexico, I did enjoy the Horchata at Condesa, even if it wasn't as perfect as some of the more authentic renditions that I've tried over the past couple of years. 

The fountain drinks are served in large cups, the kinds that you see in gas stations directly off the freeway, complete with a plastic lid and straw. Of course, the presentation wasn't anything fancy, but the cup is so large that needing a refill is unlikely, something I enjoyed (especially when the place is extremely busy, making it near impossible to get speedy service).

This brings me to my final, and only entirely negative, point. Where Condesa is lacking is in the service. While all the servers are very nice and accommodating, the food has a tendency to take a while to get to the table, especially if the restaurant is busy. With room for about 20 or 30 people at the very most, Condesa is a small restaurant, one that operates with a maximum wait staff of about three at all times. 

The best advice I can give you is to take your trip to Condesa before the lunch rush, or before the dinner rush. The enjoyable experience of the food and atmosphere will be quickly deflated once the restaurant reaches 65% capacity or more. The tables are far too close together and eavesdropping on another group's dinner conversation is entirely unavoidable. It's best to not come with massive groups, as the restaurant prides itself on its intimacy. 

Anyone looking to try authentic Mexican food should come to Condesa immediately. While I'm one to enjoy places like Filiberto's almost any day of the week, the experience you'll have at Condesa is one that few other restaurants in Phoenix can offer. The prices aren't extremely high, and the food is worth every penny.