I read about this place in New Times and saw two words that always speak to me like they are some alluring foreign language.... COCHINITA PIBIL! I've made this dish at home a couple of times, and it takes me a couple of days, so when I get to eat it it is a real treat. 

Went into La Condesa around 7:30 on Thursday night and went straight to the counter and ordered the glorious achiote and orange maranated pig, along with rice and beans and a homemade horchata. Chips were included. While I was waiting for food, the people running the place were over the top nice. The man told me about some tips to making cochinita pibil including using cinnamon, which I'd never done. The girl actually introduced herself, shook my hand, and asked my name. I've never had anyone do that in a restaurant. She proceeded to explain the salsa bar, which had about a dozen different salsas though they plan to have 20 in total eventually. 

The chips were fresh, all 5 of the salsas I tasted were delicoius, especially the green cream and the watermelon. My Horchata was amazing, just perfect. They topped it with crushed nuts, and there were strawberry chunks and whatnot in it. Very unique but amazing. My tacos came, and I was quick to pick off the raw onion and replace it with the proper pickled onion slices as it should have come in the first place. No problem, they have the pickled ones at the salsa bar along with all the other veggies. The tacos were full of meat bursting at the seams... large portions were great for me as I'm used to such small tacos. Their refried beans were creamy and well cooked with a nice cheese garnish, and the buttery smooth rice was delicious as well. 

For the fact that this place is nice, decorated with dia de los muertos style art, mexican wrestling posters, the niceness of people, and the excellent food, this place gets five stars as easily as any restaurant I've been to in Arizona. It reminded me of Mama Testa, which has grown to be one of the best known taco shops in San Diego. Phoenix has never seen anything like this. They asked if I want to come back, and I assured them, it will be soon. Very soon.