Best Mexican food I had ever had. Of course, this isn't saying much considering East Coast Mexican food has nothing on West Coast. Now I know.

I came here twice. This place was so good,  I dreamed about eating their shark taco that night. And the next and our last day in Phoenix we went back to get more. Nice way to round out our stay in Phoenix. Best meal for last.
 
First Night:
The Baja Sur Dogfish Shark Taco taco is where it's at. Perfectly crispy beer batter. Amazingly soft and tender fish. Topped with cabbage and some kind of yogurt or mayo sauce. Not sure where else you can get dogfish shark tacos, but I wish all my fish tacos could be shark from now on. Make sure you order the shark taco and not the regular fish one.

If you're not a seafood person, the Mayan Conchita Pork Shoulder is a good taco to get. The pork shoulder was cooked until tender and the sauce was delicious and flavorful. The pickled onions on top is a perfect combo with the pork.

Second Night:

The second time around I had the shark taco again. This time I also tried the Cabo Shrimp Taco. Another amazing taco. The shrimps were large, and I'm not sure what they put in their batter but it was so crispy with a nice tang to it. I also tried some of the Al Pastor Street Tacos. Order this if you want something strong in flavor and charred. The street tacos are also cheaper than the gourmet ones.

Sides:
The Guac was chunky and fresh with tomatoes, cilantro, onions, and I think cranberries. The salsas were all average until I tried the jicama one. It's so fresh with the lime and cilantro. Best salsa I had ever had. Each table gets a free basket of tortilla chips. We got two for our table of four.

I never had a horchata before, but it seemed to be the recommended drink to get. I wasn't a big fan of it. Not that it wasn't good, but maybe I'm just not a fan of horchata in general. The pecans, cantaloupe, and strawberries did provide freshness to the drink, but it was too overpowered by cinnamon. The drink is huge at 32 oz.

There is only one guy acting as a server, so service can be a little slow. But these tacos are worth the patience. The restaurant itself is a little bit cramped but there is enough seating. There's also one large table for a big group.

On a side note, I saw a picture of Guy Fieri on a board next to the salsa bar. He seemed to have signed it with the date 12/14. Future Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives joint?