Finally visited La Santisima.  Thought I would really really like the food, but I didn't.  Although I did finish my plate, it wasn't spectacular in any way.

Before I get to what I ordered, let me make note on how important it is for a restaurant to have an eye soothing menu.  The online menu is great, but the restaurant menu is much more extensive than the short list on the website.  

Unfortunately for me, the menu was much too busy.  The colors were awful and I didn't want to look at it for more than two minutes.   Red and black text looked crammed and didn't stand out the way text on a decently designed menu does.  I barely read past the tacos.  

Ordered three tacos a la carte ($3.99 each). The mesquite cactus taco (I can't remember the dish name) with no queso, La Condesa Veggie with no queso, and the fish taco.  Also a side of guac which cost about $4.

Honestly the guac was the most exciting thing on the table. The food was filling but all three tacos needed some DIY spicing.  Ranking:
1. guacamole - made with dried cranberries and mango.  A bit tangier than I prefer, but palatable.
2. spinach taco - wished the spinach was chopped smaller
3. cactus taco - slabs of cactus made my mouth work overtime 
4. fish taco - too much breading on the fish, and just plain cabbage with bland white sauce drizzled on top.  Wish I had asked for no white sauce. 

The salsa bar is okay.  There were only a few salsas that I thought looked appetizing.  Most were watery and needed some DIY mixing of two or three to get a fantastic flavor.  And with the serving cups being so small, I couldn't grab a decent serving of a favorite salsa.  I refilled at the bar three times and then just gave up.

Our server was kindhearted and brought a sample of horchata.  I have tasted something similar to it, but didn't like it.  Sweet drinks with cinnamon flavor aren't my thing.

If I'm in the area and feeling hungry I would go back.  It's a decent restaurant, but not one to where I would plan a night out.