A shiny and sleek interior, an innovative and locally sourced menu, all brought to you by a celebrity chef is everything Tee Pee Mexican Restaurant is not. Instead you get a divey old building, vinyl booths, a ceiling adorned with Christmas tree lights and an old school Tex-Mex menu that's simple, satisfying and inexpensive.

Each table is automatically adorned with a pitcher of ice water and a squirt bottle filled with Tee Pee's own hot sauce. Within moments of being sat into one of the comfy old vinyl booths a large bowl of chips is brought out and accompanied chunky salsa. The chips are humongous, essentially a medium corn tortilla cut in half and deep fried to till crisp. I just wish that on my last visit the humidity from the rain hadn't made the chips more chewy than crunchy. The chunky salsa was bursting with freshness and a slight throat burn more indicative to pepper than chile. Either way, I love built in appetizers.

I'm a cheese crisp fanatic, almost as much as I frenzy over good chicken wings. So I consider myself an expert by way of sheer cheese crisp volume consumed over the course of my lifetime. Having chowed on so many, there have been many great and not great, the later being a greasy flaccid disappointment. So what's great about the Green Chili Strips Cheese Crisp ($6.75) from Tee Pee? The truth in advertising. Pick up a slice and you'll find its truly crisp and rigid being followed by thick ropes of gooey melted cheddar cheese.  

Green, smooth and easy to spread, the Guacamole Dip ($5.50) while good was lacking any discernible heat. After all we're at a Mexican food restaurant and shouldn't we deserve a little bit of heat? Next time Ill ask if they can make it spicy. 

The Beef Fajita Chimichanga ($11.25) is an ode to everything that is right about fried food. Huge flour tortilla filled with tender well seasoned grilled beef, onions and bell peppers, then rolled and deep fried to delicate crunch. The French fried burrito is covered with the usual suspects including red sauce, lettuce, tomato, cheese, sour cream and a healthy dollop of guacamole. I didn't feel an ounce of guilt eating the entire thing.

What's good Mexican food without a mainstay like Sour Cream Enchiladas ($8.00)? Corn tortillas encircle molten cheddar cheese and sour cream then draped with Tee Pee's savory red sauce. As soon as the plate arrived I could tell that these were going to be good. Oh, by the way, when they say these plates are hot, they aren't kidding. Seriously, do no touch these or you will get burnt, I speak from experience on this one, heed their warning. However, the fieriness from the plate further enhanced the slightly smoky red chile sauce, making it that much more tangy and delicious. Both entrees were served with moist fluffy rice and thick cheesy refried beans. 

Show up in shorts and t-shirt, I don't think you can ever be undressed at Tee Pee but that's all part of the charm. Come as your are, even if you get enchilada sauce all over your shirt, no worries, pre-treating will take it right out.