First off, the food was pretty decent I will give them that. I work in the service industry and I can understand if you're busy or what not but please engage with the customer. 

I ordered a chili relleno, I didn't even know there where two types. There's the Nano Relleno and one other, I forget the name. Well I ordered the Nana thinking it was the fried version. When I got my plate I realized I made the wrong order and asked a simple question to see if what I ordered was what I was excepting. I was then told that there where two different types of relleno and I asked for the one I thought I ordered, the staff hesitated at first but ended up taking my plate and said it would be a 20 minute wait for the one I want to be made. I waited for my plate, about 15-20 minutes later I got this huge friend chili relleno so massive it had to come on a separate plate than the rice and beans. The flavor was ok, a little greasy and the rice was a tad burnt along with the beans the relleno sauce was on point, and the tortilla was average at best. When I was finished eating, I asked for dessert since I was with a group and I was told that they didn't have dessert at the moment. I waited for my check, and to my dismay, I was charged for both chili's one I at the other was taken from me. It would take a other 15-20 minutes for them to grab our checks. As they where grabbed I asked if I had to pay for both items, I ended up just paying for one. Even though I didn't have the best service, one our waitress had about 4-5 tables of her own I still tipped pretty well. I was just sad I had to go through a lot to get the right food, pay my tab and have so so service. I will give the benefit of the doubt that there weren't enough people to help out, or maybe they where having a bad day. I am also sorry that I didn't know the difference between the two dishes I ordered. All in all I will give them one star for fixing my order and giving me (the idiot) the correct one, and one star for a pleasant decor around the restaurant. Working as a chef, and as a sever I would safely safe that I will never eat there again sadly.