I went to celebrate one of my friends birthday dinner and I so disappointed. Never again will I be going eating at this restaurant. 

To start off they have no parking lot so you have to park on the side of the street or wherever you can find parking and walk up to the restaurant. 

Second because we were a huge group of 11 ppl we asked them several times to group two tables together (which we had made reservations days in advance) they didn't do it until they saw us trying to move the tables together. 

Third the menu wasn't that great. I was expecting lots of tacos, burritos, more Mexican dishes and the prices were ridiculous, I guess because it's Scottsdale. The lowest price for a plate was 14.99 which by the way while reading the menu the food did sound that delicious/appealing. I can say that the green enchilada was really good. I had the tequila lime salad and added chicken. The chicken was so dry and had no flavor. As much as I tried to finish it after awhile I had to stop eating. Margaritas were expensive and the alcohol amount in them were small. The beers were pretty cheap 4.25 though. 

Fourth, the decor was pretty decent. Nothing too fancy we sat outside in the patio they had fans and misters which was pretty nice however they had this fireplace in the middle which I did not understand. Inside the restaurant is pretty ghetto looking for being in Scottsdale. Bathrooms were clean but really small, I felt so cram in the stall. The bar was alright but it looked dirty. The bottles on the wall looked they haven't dust them in months. 

Finally, the server was good he seemed really awkward and nerves. I know we were a large group and did a good job getting us drinks and our food correctly. Until the end when we were about to pay we ask to split up the tabs and he said he couldn't. After that we got irritated. We spent 30 mins trying to figure out who ordered what totaling the amounts each person owed and several ppl were paying in cash while others with their cards and what amount of change certain ppl were going to get back. We pretty much had to wait an hr to figure that out and for the server to figure it out. Not to mention that my bf and I had to pay our tab plus the gratuity tip because we were the last ones. What should have been a tab of $53 they charged us $67 (wtf). 

Didn't have a good experience I doubt I will ever return.