Wow.  Some of these reviews absolutely floor me.  How can there be THIS much difference of opinion?

I just got back from a weeklong vacation with the family in Scottsdale, AZ and while looking for places to eat my wife had jotted down the "Old Town Tortilla Factory" on her pre-trip search.  She said the Food Network had them listed as some of the best Margaritas around.  So last Tuesday we stopped by for a few and some appetizers.  The kids ordered their non-alcholic cherry margaritas (on the kids menu) and some nachos. My wife, mother-in-law and I all ordered different Margaritas to compare.  We planned on getting the "Million Dollar Margarita" (well reviewed), but at $20 it just seemed steep.  But we were all raving about the Treasure Margarita.  Definately two thumbs up.  We also  some appetizers - "Nachos Del Sol" which is loaded with jalapenos, chorizo, pepperjack cheese, pico de gallo, guacamole and probably a few more things I can't remember. It had a kick to it, which I liked..... the small order was pretty well sized.  My wife & mother-in-law ordered the "Plato Apertivo" which was kind of like an appertizer sampler (ribs, Santa Fe rolls, nachos, quesadillas, etc).  They enjoyed that.   The Tortillas however, were OK.  they offer different kinds depending on what's the special of the day.  When we went it was Black Bean.  They were fresh and served with a dried tomato butter.  Interesting.  

Overall we had a great experience.  Good, friendly & prompt service and it wasn't crowded at all.  So good in fact that we went back for dinner on Friday night.  This time we went light on appetizers and ordered full meals.  I have to absolutely RAVE about the "Poblano de Mariscos" - it was two nicely sized poblano peppers, roasted and stuffed with a crab, cheese, roasted corn, red pepper stuffing over rice with a shrimp cream sauce.  It was AWESOME.  As good as a similar dish I like to get in a small restaurant I like in Cabo San Lucas.

My wife ordered the Achiote Ribs and my mother-in-law got the Pork Chile Verde.  All seemed quite happy with it.  My sister-in-law got the Penne con Pollo which she quite liked. The kids on the other hand, got orders of Mac 'n Cheese.  Hey, they're kids.

Overall I really liked this place and would definately go back again the next time I visit Scottsdale.  It beats the ever underwhelming, overpriced Cheesecale Factory or similar chains.