At first we thought we were lucky to get in on a Friday night after 6. In retrospect it's understandable to see why they weren't busy and we got right in. This was to be a reunion dinner for my Mom (83 yo) and my brother and sister and law visiting from CA, and my wife - and it was my decision to go here. What a mistake. 

The reception was impersonal and she tried to put us in a dark corner inside. I pointed out two tables by the fireplace and was told that those table were for parties of eight and we were only five. Except for one other couple - we were the only ones in the room! Wife and I went to the two tables - put them together and we sat down. 

OK - fast facts - I was told no beer on draft only bottles - so I ordered DXX amber - a bottle of DXX (no amber) arrived with lime sticking out of top. No glass at these prices? Wife had Margarita (rocks no salt) - came with salt and tiny glass with refill. Tasted like crap so she switched to Cabernet. So much for the beginning of Mexican food experience. 

My Pork Chili Verde was tough with gristle running through it. Tasted boiled and sauce ladled over it. Pure garbage. I returned it and ordered the chicken pasta. More garbage. Cold, no flavor, runny cheese sauce and hardly any chicken. My Mom had the same dish and ate without complaint - I was embarrassed for her - she was just happy to be with the kids.

Wife had fish tacos. Terrible - no flavor, cold. I didn't find out until this morning that she hated them. 

The tortillas they brag about were cold and tasteless. The chips were stale. The guacamole dip was OK if you like only mashed avocado - I've had better at Taco Bell.

Our server was attentive and did the best she could - she took over after the first gal that took drink orders then disappeared. No complaints with her service but reception and the first server were inattentive and poorly trained. 

Funny, even after the returned food - we never heard from the manager or anyone. This place is horrible - go somewhere else. I'll never return.

I don't understand the 4 star ratings unless management has insiders writing glowing reports.