I would not consider this Mexican food but they sure do make a delicious tortilla and a yummy margarita that comes with a shaker to top off your glass throughout your meal.
I sat on the patio on a normal 108 degree July evening in Phoenix and even the misters were not strong enough to battle the heat.  My skin kept sticking to the cheap plastic patio furniture when I would try to move.  The ambiance made up for all of that.
It took a while for the server to come over and take a drink order but I was given an extra large glass of water as soon as I was seated so at least I stayed hydrated while waiting for my Mrs. Sames Original Margarita.  I ordered the Old Town Tacos w/o shrimp.  Took a while for it to come out and they don't bring out complimentary chips/salsa ($4.99 on the apps menu) so my Margie kept me company.
The plate finally came out piled high with steak, chicken, black beans, rice, lettuce, pico de gallo and guacamole.  They also bring out flavored tortillas and butter with the meal which they say is their version of bread and butter - could have used them around the same time an Italian restaurant serves their bread and butter.  Anywho, tonight's flavor was cheddar cheese tortilla with a sour cream and chive butter.  They were really good.  As for the taco plate, the steak was good but too smokey flavored to eat on its own.  It was just right when wrapped up in a tortilla with all the other fixin's.
For dessert, I had the banana crisp with blackberry compote.  It was good but nothing to write home about. The cinnamon covered tortilla that the bananas were wrapped in could have been crispier and the blackberry compote did not have enough flavor.  The compote would have also been better if it had been served warm.  The whole thing was just too mushy for me.  The one thing they got right with this dish was the presentation. It was so pretty that I took a picture before I took a bite.
One more thing they could improve on - the music.  It was a step up from elevator music.  Not what I want to hear at a dinner table.
The end.