This place should now be called Old Town Tourist Trap. 

Brought out-of-town family (seven of us) here for what we thought was going to be a nice dinner out on the patio. Ha!

Here's a summary of the evening (a Wednesday night no less!). The crowd was mostly Spring Training (baseball) fans and it was fairly busy. We had a 7 pm reservation. Table ready when we arrived. (this is the only star they get!).

The margaritas were watered down - basically glorified juice boxes. And this place is suppose to be famous for their margaritas? 

Dining Area: Too many tables crammed together, including a wait-station (extra plates, silverware, cleaning rags, napkins, pitchers of tea and etc) in the middle of the dining area. Nasty. And to top it off way too many backwaters and cleaning staff - can't tell you how many times they bumped into our chairs walking by with their buckets of dirty dishes. Management needs to streamline and reduce the number of employees on the floor. Bathrooms a mess - water all over the floor and trash overflowing.

Decor and Ambiance: Christmas lights wrapped around a dead tree that should have been removed years ago and replaced with a live tree. Leftover over Christmas ornaments are still left on the other trees. Really? In late March?!? Tables covered with vinyl. Sticky brown vinyl. Wait staff attire and look is sloppy and disheveled. 

We ordered appetizers - nothing special. Tortillas came with butter that was practically frozen. Nephew practically ate a whole basket of tortilla chips! Why? Because we waited for an hour (we watched four tables come after us and finish their dinners - two had already left) ...for our dinner to come. 

Our waitress, Samantha, was practically non-existent and spent the better part of the evening hitting on the three guys at the next table.  She should have spent the time yelling at the cooks to get our dinners out and sending the manager to us to apologize. (Side note: the table next to us (the three guys) got their dinner within 15 minutes of sitting down! Their food arrived right after ours did.)

After an hour, the food arrived - mine and my nephew's enchilada's were luke warm. I wanted to walk out at that point, but partner did not want to make a scene in front of the kids.

Not once did Samantha apologize for the el crappo service nor did she bring the manager over to apologize and maybe comp the dinner or drinks.

Bottom Line: Won't be coming here again. And I highly recommend both the locals and tourists to avoid this place.