I just went there tonight with my dad my brother, and his wife.  My dad, brother and I love trying new places and watch the FOOD Network regularly.  My dad had been wanting to try this place out for awhile now - because he saw an episode on Diner's/Drive-Ins & Dives.  He had wanted to go for this past father's day but thank god we opted to cook him a meal at home....

We all love mexican food and we have no idea how this place made it on that show - either Guy (Food Network host) has never eaten decent mexican food in his life or they were paid.  

The food was REALLY bad - I'd rather take my chances eating off a street vendor in Mexico City.  We were fine that it was inside the gas station (which was very clean).  But, the food was just horrible.....I ordered the El Pastor plate - pork in a red chile sauce with rice & beans.  The pork, in small chunks and very greasy, had a horrible taste I can't even describe.  I had my dad try some and my sister-in-law and my dad deemed it inedible.  

My Dad, poor thing, ordered the fish tacos.  He took one bite and almost spit it out - and then proceeded to dig around in the tacos to survey the contents.  What was supposedly fish, although smelled like fish, COULD NOT HAVE BEEN FISH.  It looked like little rings with a skin of some sort, cut in 1/2" pieces - with the flesh pointing into the center of the rings - kind of the like the "choke" of an artichoke.... So, my brother insisted he return it and get something else (to the obvious distain of the girl working the counter).  He, reluctant to complain, ended up getting some steak tacos instead - which were better but still not good.  He didn't eat more than 1 or 2 bites.  

My brother got the carne asada and his wife got the chicken chimichanga.  They were both edible but nothing memorable.  The rice and beans were just okay.  Nothing special there either.  

So, this place was a TOTAL FLOP in our books.... DO NOT GO THERE!!!!

For the money, you're better off going to Carolina's on Cave Creek & Thunderbird for some real mexican food - and you'll have some extra money in your pocket afterward!!  (And no sick feeling in your stomach either!)