This was the worst overall restaurant experience I have ever had. We were in the mood for Mexican and thinking about seeing a movie, so we figured to check out Tempe Marketplace... it was all downhill from there.

We should have turned around when we were standing in the entrance and the late 40 somethings with there kids bumped into me while they were making out (not kissing... making out... sucking face).

We asked for a table outside, so we had to wait a few minutes. We got seated at a picnic table out on the patio area. They put us on the same side of the table so that we were facing the band... the WORST BAND OF ALL TIME! It was so loud that we couldn't hear and we were right next to each other. They played all these terrible country covers of rock songs and they were super out of key and just plain awful. I love live music, but this was honestly the worst band I've ever heard. Super red-necky. You could tell a large portion of the crowd felt the same way by the looks on their faces.

We ordered some drinks (a beer, a margarita and 2 waters). As soon as our drink order came we asked again for water, and to be moved inside.

When we got to the table inside it took about 15 or so minutes for anyone to come talk to us. We talked about just leaving money on the table and leaving. I wish we had.

They finally came over and took our order. We ordered fish tacos and shrimp tacos and asked again for some water which we were still waiting on.

20 or so minutes later we get our food from someone who was not our waitress. He just dropped the plates off and ran. The food was sub-par. Not terrible, but I've had better Mexican at most places that I've been to. Our waitress came by a while later and we again asked for those waters.

We finished our meal and were ready to leave. The music from outside was just too much and the guy was now whooping and making loud awful noises. It was really sickening for someone who is a big music person. We again talked about putting money on the table and leaving and then after another 10 minutes without the waitress talked about just leaving without putting money on the table. Unfortunately, we both have a conscience so we waited... and waited... and waited...

We finally got up and asked at the hostess station if we could get our check because we hadn't seen our waitress. They went to get her and 10 or so minutes later we got our bill.

I was so infuriated by the time that we left. It was just terrible. The music, the food, the service... everything. This place has no redeeming qualities about it. If you could give zero stars I would have. DO NOT GO HERE!!!