I've only been here once, but I'm looking forward to going again.

I was low on money, which probably isn't a great idea. The food and drinks are a little pricey, but that is to be expected.

I went with a friend to enjoy a few drinks together.

The atmosphere is fun. Loud popular music was playing, and the bouncers at the front (ready to check your ID), were funny and friendly.

The inside was a little crowded and the booths with tables and benches seemed cramped. We didn't want to take a full one so we decided to look elsewhere for a smaller table.

We decided to head outside. It was a nice night- not too hot. We found a good small table for the two of us.

We came when the kitchen was closed so we were unable to order food. The waitress kindly offered to bring us chips and salsa (but be careful- they charge for them). 

The chips were crisp and salted perfectly. They gave us two types of salsa. One was a mild pico ge gallo while the other was a spicy red sauce.

I ordered two drinks (I was only able to grab a picture of one, unfortunately).

The first drink I ordered was their Ultimate Margarita. The waitress explained that it contained a higher alcohol content than their regular ones and only cost slightly more. I decided to give it a go. 

I was expecting a mucho cup, but it was presented in a pint glass. I'll admit, I was slightly disappointed by this, however, that disappointment quickly dissolved as I took a drink. Definitely one of the best margaritas I've had.

After the margarita, I ordered a champagnerita. This is very similar to coronaritas. It's a margarita with a small bottle of champagne placed upside-down inside of it.

This was also very delicious, albeit slightly pricey ($10). It was certainly sweeter than a coronarita (the flavor was strawberry, I think).

Overall, I was quite pleased with my experience here. The waitress was attentive and informative and the drinks were tasty and had a fair amount of alcohol content in it. I'd recommend it if you're looking to have a fun time out without having to bar hop (like on Mill Avenue).