Went to Taco Taco for lunch today after reading all the good reviews. I must say that the reviews were absolutely correct. The food here was very good.

I ordered an Al Pastor taco, a carnitas taco, a carne asada taco, and a Mexican street style corn on the cob.

The Al Pastor taco was really good. I had never tried it before. It kind of reminds me of BBQ in a weird way. Meat was tender and the pineapple tasted good.

The carnitas was good too. Carnitas is usually my favorite at other places. It was good but a little dry at the bottom of the taco where no toppings were. I just added some salsa from the bar and it was perfect.

The carne asada had very nice flavor. At first I thought I wouldn't be happy with it because it did have some fat. When I have had fat in carne asada at other places it's hard, chewy, and grisly, so I was thinking this would be the same. It wasn't, luckily this was the melt in your mouth type of fat with tons of flavor. Not sure if I just lucked out.

The Mexican street style corn was the bomb though. So so so so good. Corn was cooked perfectly, nice little crunch, not overcooked and soggy. The cheese and seasoning on it gave the perfect balance of salty and spicy. I would come back here just for the corn.

Over all the food was really good and the place was clean. The dining room was a comfortable size. And the best thing is I ordered 3 tacos and a bottle of water and my bill was under $11. (BTW I ordered the regular size tacos, not the big ones)

The only minor complaints I have is, as other reviewers said, the ordering is a little weird. I first ordered with a girl at the front. She walked over to the side so I followed, I then repeated my order to two more people. I was never really sure where I was supposed to be standing or where I was supposed to order. Everyone was really friendly though and was patient with my confusion.

My only other complaint was that the music was a little loud where you have to order so on top of my confusion I was having a hard time hearing the employees.

I will definitely make another trip back to Taco Taco for my next taco craving.