Never seems to disappoint.  The bartenders are very warm, friendly and make amazing drinks.  You are not just a customer here, they want you to feel like family.  The food is good however, not everyone that works here speaks and understands English.  

I came with a group and one of the people in our group is allergic to raw tomatoes and we had a real hard time explaining this to them.  One guy had no idea what she was saying and called over another guy who somewhat understood but was still confused.  The girl making the tortillas had no idea what was being said but glad to say she got some AMAZING tacos with no tomatoes of any kind on them.

There is nothing on the menu I can say is bad here however some of the items were very salty.  One person in the group go a Chorizo taco and was way too salty for her.  She gave it to me and even I could tell it was very salty but that was the first time I tried the chorizo here so I do not have another experience to compare it to.

The Al Pastor is Amazing, the Pollo tacos, burritos amazing.  The Mexican Corn on the Cob, WOW that is some good stuff.  The Mole Fries, sweet potato fries with cheese, mole, chicken, is your mouth watering yet....get a margarita to wash it down and you will be in heaven.

The owners were here again on this visit which I mentioned in my last review...They were busy but I need to address something here. 

They are young, beautiful, successful women who have a place that makes amazing food and has a great atmosphere.  I did get a response to my last review where I mentioned the owners did not seem real friendly to the customers, they basically ignored everyone instead of saying hi and see how things were going.  The response was that they used to do this but some people took offense to this and thought they were flitting with people when they came to your table.

First off, they can flirt with me anytime...Second, this is their business and it shows a lot of Pride and Satisfaction in an owner who walks around, welcomes you and thanks you for coming into their business.  If anyone takes offense to this, then go eat somewhere else.  NEVER NEVER NEVER put an owner of an establishment down or say they are flirting with you or someone you are with when all they are doing is QUALITY CHECKING the Satisfaction of the Customer.  You SHOULD ONLY BE SO LUCKY IF THEY WERE TO FLIRT WITH YOU!!!

This place has great food as stated above and everyone should try this place.