Everyone just shut up and listen to me for a minute!

:::::Soy chorizo burritos in Las Vegas:::::

Ok, so maybe you don't find this news as exciting as I do but you cannot believe the excitement I have for Taco Taco and their love of vegetarians like me.

Until recently, trying to find veg-friendly, authentic, good Mexican food in this town was like going on a quest to find the Fountain of Youth.  It just didn't exist.  Sure, there were places that list "vegetarian" items on their menus, only to tell you that it's full of lard and chicken broth.  Then there are the tex-mex chain restaurants that are veg-friendly but about as authentic as this Italian-Hungarian girl making a burrito.  Taco Taco is The Fountain of Youth.

You have your choice of burritos, tacos, bowls, and salads.  Soy chorizo is available, but for more health-conscious vegetarians you can just stick with beans and veggies.  Speaking of beans, they aren't cooked in lard or pork!  Woot!

The burritos are large and can be stuffed with tons of ingredients.  The tacos have house-made tortillas that are cooked up the second you order them.  Now here comes a dilemma: do you get the burrito that fits tons of extras like rice and beans or do you go for the tacos with their delicious tortillas?  Life can be so cruel.

They also have some special items like soy chorizo tacos that have been grilled (crunchy like a taquito) and topped with spicy salsa and cheese.  Or there are breakfast burritos with potatoes.  Then there's the horchata and Jarritos among the many beverage options.  And did I mention they offer a salsa bar with radishes, pickled veggies, beans, and eight types of salsa??  

Don't you worry, meat-eaters, there are plenty of options for you and I'm sure they are just as good as my soy chorizo.

Just a heads-up, if you follow them on social media you can stay up to date with specials they will throw from time to time, like 2-for-1 tacos on a random Saturday afternoon or a free corn for checking in.

The owners and all the employees are super friendly and helpful.  Despite being on the opposite side of town, I've managed to make the trip out here far too many times.  Rumor has it they are looking for a second location which can be bad news for me if it's near my all my downtown drinking establishments.  Expect me to be 50 pounds heavier if that's the case.

Check this place out! And if you're vegetarian, make sure to tell them thanks for thinking about us!