First off I'm mad, I'm mad that l had lived in the area for almost 7 years, moved away to another part of town, and now there are more restaurants in this area going up.  I am MAD. haha.  So I knew there were 2 new taco spots in the area and I wanted to try both of them. 

When I first pulled up I thought, oh cool a nice little corner shop.  After I parked and walked over to the corner shop I saw the other half of the business and thought, YES! It has a big dining area and multiple stations but when I came in on a Thursday night there was no customers except me and another customer it might be a sign. Anyways I just tried them because it looked nice enough and I was already here. As with every business I first venture to I must explore the menu before ordering, trying to remember things I can include in the review, I must've looked a little curious because one of the girl workers, I think she was a hostess, approached me and we started having a friendly conversation.  I don't remember what we talked about but it eventually ended up with me getting a plate of meat samples, SCORE, and ordering some lengua tacos, I'm sure I must have said "How's the tongue?" and "I would like some tongue" in our conversation, not "I want some beef tongue tacos."

I went with two tacos http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-taco-mexican-eatery-las-vegas?select=YjOw4JLUEZ36X9O5BYS6hw#G6-xTt9g3-Q3DAQ_84_c7w  The al pastor and lengua tacos, both were delicious. The al pastor meat was layers upon layers of awesome tasting pork meat cooking in it's own juice with other spices on a spit.  Request for the meat in the middle or lower section of the spit, a lot more juicier and not as dried up as the top.  The top section is still good too it's crispy and pineapple tasting.  Once in the tortilla it was topped with onion, cilantro, pieces of pineapple, and a green sauce.  The lengua meat was tender and topped with onion, cilantro, and a green salsa.  

I'm a sauce guy and I love that there's various sauces and complimentary ingredients you can add to even enhance my food. Hook it up with some of that habanero sauce please. Their condiments bar have everything from grilled, or was it fried, green onions and peppers, various sauces/salsas, limes, radish, and carrots. I might be forgetting a few other items but this condiments bar is probably one of the main reasons their 5 star in my book. This might be my favorite place because they variety on their menu.  I mean you can select from tacos, burritos, bowls, nachos, fries, etc.  There's like 12 different meats you can put.  If you're vegetarian, they have something for you.  I wonder if they sell alcohol, if they do I'M NEVER GONNA LEAVE. I'd hang out here cause they also have a TV and those various Vegas Weekly and Seven magazines, which I always pick up and look through.

The customer service here was awesome.  Very friendly and their ordering system is easy to follow.  You're not going to get overwhelmed here or seem hurried.  They have a bell hanging on the wall that I think you're suppose to ring if you liked it, GO crazy and ring the damn bell if you like it.

They're located in the North East corner of Pecos and Tropicana, where there's a Bank of America.  It shares the same building as BOA but on the North, opposite end, of the building.  There's a few nice shops between BOA and TT, just make up an excuse that you have to stop at the bank then come here before or after. Also at night the area is well light outside and it's not in a bad area.  They have a website that you can order from, nice flyers, and a nice interior so it seems like some money has been put into the business.

Oh yea it's just a bus ride out from UNLV or if your in the Tropicana or Pecos route.

And they now serve beer!!!

And during lunch it gets busy.