THIS PLACE IS OFF DA CHAIN YO!!!!!!!  If you love REAL Mexican food, or you're a Californian Transplant (lol, you understand me then), you'll feel right at home here.  I've been searching for good quality real Mexican food since I moved here from Southern California and Taco y Taco is tha bomb straight up.  The food AND the ambiance is hella awesome.  Me an tha fam went here tonight on a Monday, and they had a TIGHT Mariachi band playing all the standards.  I felt right at home!!!  Their food is LEGIT.  I ate 6 tacos while there and already want to go back and get some more like.... RIGHT NOW!  The guys running the food service windows are hella cool, have a good sense of humor, and OMG the meat is effing phenomenal.  It rivals many many places I've eaten at both in SF, and all over SoCal.  I'd say the marinade and seasoning is better than MANY spanish-only hole in the wall places I used to frequent in CA.  Their hand-made tortillas are great - Like, addictive great.  Its really comfortable cuz you just order your food and pay like at a taqueria, but the have really nice seating ground level and upstairs.  I can't say enough about how cool everyone is that works there.  The bartender was a really chill cool dude too, AND they have Negra Modelo on TAP... oh yeah!!  Plus i got the first pour out of a fresh keg.  SWEET.  It was so fun because the food was amaz, the band was kickin and took requests, and peeps got up and danced and sung along!!!  I think I can say that EVERY customer there was loving the food and atmosphere.  IF you haven't been here yet..... GO NOW.  It's so good and the prices are really good.  the Al Pastor is of course freaking delicious, and I also had the chicharon tacos.  YUM fatty, flavorful and crunchy chicharon on top.  Just don't let your dr. know, hahaa.  I didn't try a burrito, but I saw a few being made while at the bar, and they look HUGE... it looks like they make it worth the price.  Next time!!!  Maybe tomorrow.....   Don't wait!!! go here!!!!   And tip well!  They deserve it.  Did I mention to go here like right now????  BOMB!!!!!!