I heard a lot of good things about this place so alas I gave in to try it. I must say that I am a skeptic when it comes to Mexican food. I am from New Mexico which is famous for it's green & red chile so I get a little excited when I see a restaurant that uses NM chile.

First up - the usual chips, salsa & bean dip. The standard salsa wasn't bad for being super mild. I need fire so alas you can request something hotter and they are more than happy to oblige. There are 11 other salsas to choose from that I didn't know about until the end of my visit.

Next, fideo - the fideo here was flavorful and much more hearty as it had veggies in it and used a thicker noodle than the usual vermcelli noodle. I did enjoy the twist on the traditional fideo.

Entrees- These suckers came out quick within 5 mins of ordering, which makes me question the freshness. But then again it is Mexican food so a lot of it you can't make spur of the moment. My friend comes here all the time so she ordered her usual carne asada tacos which she swears by. I didn't taste them as I was full from my chile verde plate. The pork was tender but not very spicy. Actually it was a little watered down for my taste that the flavor was gone. How you have disgraced the famed NM green chile by denying it's full flavor to shine! haha The flour tortillas tasted as if they were store bought instead of freshly made. I was a little disappoint because I miss freshly made tortillas.

We had a couple cervezas to add to our order. On the second round, it took our waiter at least 10 mins to bring us our drinks. For a minute I thought he had gone on break and forgot until he saw us and remembered.  So while enjoying the atmosphere and the guy playing on his guitarra, we get the bill - we spent $50 for 2 people. Hmm paying $16 for mediocre chile verde and $13 for two small tacos and $4.50 a beer. Good lord that bill racks up quick. 

I think my next trip there will solely consistent of drinks and apps. It's a pretty entertaining atmosphere. If you're picky like me, get the lunch special or bar special to save a few bucks. I can't complain too much because the service wasn't bad.