On my virgin trip to the City of Sin I only wasted away for 24 hours,  but two of my three life saving meals were at "The Gordo".  Discovered with the aid of Yelp,  I arrived for meal #1 around midnight after an evening of hotel pregaming before beginning my walk down the strip. Not having eaten since the Grand Canyon 12 hours ago, my dire need of sustinence was cloaked until arriving by the alcohol previously ingested.  As soon as I read the menu, my jaw dropped in wonder how such a popular spot could crank out the oddities offered.  Well, when in vegas...

There was no written indication as to which lines were for each cut (pork, beef, or specialty cuts), so I stood in line for abodaba for 10 minutes before speaking with a rep.  *Left is beef, middle is pork, and right is specialty cuts.* When relocated to the correct line, the chef would reach under a steaming towel to select and cut each cut of meat made to order.  This line isn't the fastest, but totally worth it.  Out of the corner of my eye there was an older woman hand packing corn tortillas out of fresh corn meal.  Talk about made to order.

The first night I got the cabeza, sesos, and beef shoulder.  I'm not gonna pretend to be qualified to judge these cuts, but I found the cabeza to be flavorful with a very soft texture, and the sesos were creamier than I have had in the past.  The beef shoulder alone merited my return the next night!  All of these tacos on corn tortillas were served with light lettuce, onion, and salsa verde relishes.  This surprise of an experience lured us back for a quick dinner the next evening when I chowed on more shoulder, abodaba, and tripe.  

For being on the strip, this place is a hidden gem.  Good, cheap food on the strip is hard to come by, and authentic $2 tacos are tough to beat anywere.  The lack of English can be disguising and my gf and I were the only gringos in there (other than the officers on a meal break - they know where to eat and that's always a good sign).  Spanish as a second language paid off in Vegas!