Horrible service at this particular location! I've been in Tacos el Gordo in San Diego and in Mexico and I never experienced the constant harassment of the cashier to pay for my food. When I got there, she told me how to order and then to bring back my food and pay for it. Good, I got it! However, I ordered some tacos and while I was waiting in a table for the carne asada fries for my boyfriend, she again approached me to tell me that I had to go and pay for the food. I told her I was still waiting for my order and she said " yes, I know but you still have to go and pay at front" anyways, we got our carne asada fries wrong! Because we told the lady twice not to put sour cream on it and she did. We told her but we didn't wanted to wait another 15 minutes because my tacos were already cold. So, I stayed at the table and my boyfriend took the food to the cashier and paid. He came back to bring the food and left to grab some soda so I started eating and the cashier approached me for the third time to tell me that I had to pay for the tacos, I was so mad!!!! I didn't even looked at her but I told her that we already did, she demanded the receipt and I told her that I didn't have it because my boyfriend paid for them, and she asked me where he was!!!! So I told her, I was very uncomfortable and I didn't enjoyed my food at all. I left the place and while my boyfriend was looking for me he heard the cashier talking to the security about me! That I left without paying, until my boyfriend told her that I was with him. She didn't even apologize, she just said that is because a lot of people leave without paying. Awful customer service because you can't judge based on other people's bad behavior. Besides, if you're new to this place, there are three different lanes which are very confused due to the amount of clients allowed that over reaches it's maximum capacity! We got there at 11 am and got our food 45 minutes later! The food it's not worth the wait, if you're really hungry go somewhere else!