Being from Southern California undoubtedly makes you the hugest snob when it comes to Mexican food. And usually the rule of thumb is the farther you go from the border the higher the chances you will hit a dud. 

However it was late on a Sunday night after a full weekend of nonstop raging in Vegas and we were on a quest for some sustenance for our 4.5 hour drive back to Socal. After one option was closed and another was too long of a line, Tacos El Gordo became our saving grace. We ordered our tacos on the phone togo as we drove our way over and were very pleased when they were ready once we got there!  The place was packed at 11PM on a Sunday night with locals which is always a good sign.

To my happy surprise all of the tacos were foil wrapped on plates separately which made sharing them so much easier. I was expecting huge togo boxes filled with tacos. You definitely get more bang for your buck if you order them with flour tortilla but I feel like that is a serious crime. They still do a very good job of giving you a lot of meat on the corn tortillas! I opted to try the a lengua, a carne asada, and adobada taco. 

LENGUA: The lengua came in generous tender chunks! Not too chewy and very succulent I wish I had gotten more. However at $2.25 a pop I thought that was pretty pricey. But I guess that's what you have to pay for a decent taco in Vegas. 

ASADA: The carne asada taco to me was pretty dry and chewy. I have definitely had better and I am glad I did not opt to just order only asada as I usually do.

ADOBADA: ADOWHA?! I was very excited to try the adobada taco as I don't see this type of meat on the menu at many places. They call it "spicy pork" there but it is not spicy at all. The pink tint on the skin of the pork reminds you a bit of chinese bbq pork and makes you almost wonder what it's doing in a taco. But boy is it so good! The meat is so delicious and plentiful! Now ever since that fateful day I have been on a search for some well reviewed adobada in Socal with no avail and cannot wait to get back to Vegas to get some more of this rare gem!