After Baker to Vegas this weekend, my husband and I hit this place up for a good and cheap dinner.  We were covered in dust and looked like desert rats, but the mixture of clientele at Tacos El Gordo was less than judgmental and I felt quite welcome.

The restaurant (on a Saturday night around 8ish) was brightly lit and chaotic with patrons.  The long lines meant a long wait, especially for adobada, which is much, much better than the carne asada, which is good but not great.  

The homemade tortillas are about the size of your palm.  A taco with everything comes with meat, onions, cilantro, lime, salsa and a smooth avocado sauce that wasn't exactly guacamole.  I also had a quesadilla, which is the same thing as a taco but with good white cheese stuck to the tortilla and a fried tortilla on top.  

Order your tacos first, then go pay at the cashier to get your cups for drinks.  There's a soda machine and an horchata machine, the kind with the happy face logo that says "Ole!"

The fries with meat (carne asada, adobada, or a mixture of the two which is called campechana, I think) is a three-pound box filled with everything your cardiologist doesn't want you to eat.  Cheese, fries, crema, meat.  You can share this among four people and you will probably still not finish it.

Tacos are two dollars each.  A meal with a drink will be about $10-12 dollars, which is a lot for a taco joint.

However, the people watching is first-rate.  Besides Mexican families and the occasional adventurous Midwesterner, customers include hotel workers, drunken frat boys, and honest-to-goodness prostitutes.  At the table next to ours, there was a lively and profanity-spangled discussion in Spanish about the true definition of a chilango.  On the patio, a group of young men in their early-twenties with matching vests and threaded eyebrows fortified themselves before a night of what would no doubt be the liberal distribution of rohypnol.  All of these people and more you will find at the Las Vegas Strip Tacos El Gordo.  All united in taco solidarity.  This is a good place.