Revo Burrito (yes, it is pronounced REE-vo) is my new obsession. It's another restaurant by Lenny Rosenberg, the inventor of Blue Burrito Grille, and current owner of Father's Office knockoff Delux Burger and mediocre sushi joint Zen 32. Situated on the same corner as its cousins, Revo Burrito stands apart as a delicious, fresh, pile of amazingness. The best way to describe the food is like a Chipotle that is run by gourmet chefs. The beans are delicious, if a bit simple, and have perfect texture. The rice is amazing; it is creamy with corn mixed in. I have had the grilled veggie burrito (squash, peppers, etc.) and the organic black bean burrito, both of which are great. I would recommend the veggie, though, and order it as a platter with rice and beans on the side so you can still get your fill of both. The combo platters also come with so-so chips and fresh salsa -- get the tomatillo. The pricing usually works out to be a bit on the high side for a quick-service joint: A burrito combo and a lemonade will set you back about $12 by the time all is said and done, so it isn't cheap, but it is worth it.

The burritos are made fresh and the service is very helpful. It is a modified Pei Wei sort of set up where you order at the counter and they bring the food to you. The decor is very trendy and eclectic, although I find it very annoying when a restaurateur spends so much time and effort on the design and architectural detail of the space, then starts printing up signs like "order here" and "we now serve brown rice" on what appears to be a HP inkjet, then tapes them to the registers, counters, etc. There is a reason why sign professionals exist -- use them.

And, the best comes last: The lemonade, oh the lemonade. I could do without the gaudy FastSigns that assault you at the entrance, but I can forgive them because the lemonade is so amazing. They serve a traditional, fresh-squeezed, old-fashioned lemonade in addition to mango, strawberry and raspberry flavors. I recommend going for a mix of the two berries... it is heaven. I would drink it all day long if I could.

Stop by Rev Burrito one of these nights, and odds are you will see me there enjoying a veggie combo. Seriously, I will be there.