This place . . . Well, how should I begin.  My husband and I have been here about 7 or 8 times. We love the fact that they offer healthy options like wheat tortillas.  My husband LOVES the food.  So much so that we have driven from north Scottsdale to Revo multiple times just to eat there.  If my husband did not love it so much, I most definitely would not travel so far just to eat there on my own.  That said, the food I've had has been really good for the most part.  I love the chicken fajita burrito and their yummy salad.  

Even though I like the food, as a few reviewers have said, they do seem to have a difficult time getting one's order correctly delivered to his/her plate.  I think the problem is that the cashiers really do not listen carefully to the orders. I get the impression that they would rather be somewhere else.

To speak further about the service/servers, they do say all the right things as far as greeting you, asking if everything was ok, etc.  However, it is obvious they are just going through the motions and not really genuine. 

One more gripe . . . Tonight, I went there from home to meet my husband who was headed there from Sky Harbor Airport.  I walked in and explained to them, I wasn't sure how long it would take him to get there & that I'd like to start out with the salad.  I did not ask their opinions on the matter but 2 employees piped up and advised me not to order it because it would be too big to tide me over until he came. I still said I wanted it, but they again tried to convince me to get chips and guac instead telling me it's more of a meal sized salad. Finally, I explained to them that I'd had the salad before and that was what I wanted.  I told them that I was very aware of its size and that that was what I wanted. I am not overweight or anything & even if I was, that does not give them permission to critique my order and offer their unsolicited opinions.

I still give them 3 stars because the food is good, my husband LOVES the place, and I know we'll be back time and time again.

I forgot to mention, the decor and atmosphere are really nice. It gives it an upscale feel and makes for a much more pleasant dining experience than Chipoltle or Rubios.  I really don't understand how some reviewers can compare it to those low-budge places. It's way better than those on many levels.  I just hate the people that work here. I have been served by friendlier people @ many fast food establishments.