upon getting stood up for a recent dinner date (don't waste your tears for me and my love life, i've already forgiven the lady in question and well, let's just say she's making it up to me) i decided to visit Revo Burrito for a quick bite before heading out to meet a couple friends at Shady's (review forthcoming).  Being more or less in the area, i thought of the still fairly new Revo Burrito, remembering that it had recently been given 4 of 5 stars in the Republic's Casual Dining section and that a good friend of mine (yelper Chad S) had raved about it.  I decided Revo was the place to go.  I knew almost exactly were it was, having visited both sister restaurants (Delux and Zen32) many times.  It has a neat ambiance, though i would have loved some less annoying "thematic" music and maybe a television.  Sometimes it is possible to take a restaurant theme a bit too far, and in this case i think they're trying to encourage people to get their food to go or eat outside.  Which is a pity because the interior of the place is really quite nice.  Anyway, i'm not sure why I ordered the tacos rather than one of the burritos from which give the place its name, but i'd recommend you don't take that route, or at least that you choose soft tacos instead.  The hard tacos are a little too crispy which make them a bit tricky to eat without making a mess.  The filling (i chose the carne asada) was good though, and the presentation was satisfactory.  Good cheese and lettuce on top, with a dab of pico de gallo.  I ordered the combo, which included a fairly healthy heap of black beans and another good-sized scoop of rice, which was covered with a creamy sauce.  A little sweet while i prefer my rice more savory, but it was good.  In addition, it came with a pinch of chips and a little cup of salsa.  I was completely satisfied by the time i was finished with everything, but I do wish they had given me a few more chips, given their small size and awkward shape.  they were nearly perfect, obviously fresh and would have been great for scooping up a little rice and beans had they been larger and flatter.  i ordered the "medium" salsa which is apparently code for pico de gallo, which i don't really enjoy.  i'd love to sample other salsas, the pico was fresh and good in its own right.  despite the chilly night air, i also ordered the lemonade, and was very impressed with that.  I love fresh-squeezed lemonade, and this was very flavorful without being either too sweet or too tart.  all in all, i enjoyed my meal and look forward to returning to try the rest of the menu.