We will become regulars here very, very soon.

We like to go to restaurants and eat a few bites here and there, plus a good signature cocktail, wine or beer. Taqueria Canonita satisfied every taste bud possible.

We ordered: Sake to Me (Sake, Tequila, Horchata and Cinnamon), Chips, guacamole and salsa, and then two chicken tacos, one beef taco, one pork taco and one fish taco. Before I told the waiter, Ishmael, that I was gluten free, I asked if the tacos came with corn tortillas. This one comment lit a lightbulb and he knew I was gluten free and just a list of knowledge came from his mouth. He told me I couldn't have this or that meat because it is marinaded in beer or soy sauce (without checking with his chef/manager), that I can have the flautas, but they're fried with glutenous items, that the chips were safe because they were corn and that we must have the guacamole. WOW. 

Normally I love guacamole that burns and cools all at the same time. Taqueria's guacamole was excellent, and that's without them asking if we would like it mild, medium or spicy. I didn't care that it didn't burn, it was fresh and delicious. The salsa had a healthy kick but the lime and cilantro added great flavor to the chips and tacos. 

The drink? Wowzers. Not too sweet, not too savory, not a strong taste of alcohol but it definitely had a punch. Creamy but still silky without being too rich. I will try to replicate this drink at home until my dying day.

The tacos. Ohhhhh, the tacos. I wish I had ordered five of the fish tacos with a beautiful mango salsa, grilled and blackened and oh so happy. The chicken tacos were made of white AND dark meat (necessary)and were tender and flavorful and were topped with cilantro and onions. My husband could have eaten the beef tacos all night (not gluten free), and he said they were some of the top beef tacos he's ever had (and we eat far too many tacos). The pork tacos did not ignite as much excitement, but he still enjoyed them just the same. All of them were wrapped in homemade, thick, warm corn tortillas which made my world go round that night. 

All in all, we will be back. If you're gluten free, get over here now. Great environment, try to sit on the patio which rests alongside the canals in the canal shoppes so you can hear the beautiful singing of the gondoliers and relax under the beautiful Venetian skies.