A couple nights ago my friend who is the Beverage manager at the Taqueria Cañonita invited my friends and I to an event to celebrate the new concept and remodeling that had taken place here. I had been to the Cañonita and the food had been good and the locale is in a prime spot for people-watching. Since it is right next to the Canal in the Venetian, you get to watch the gondolas go by while you sit at one of their tables "outside". Now the restaurant has been remodeled and it looks great. The changes are small and discreet, let getting rid of some paitings and adding more light fixtures, etc. But it really looks nice. They painted sectionsof the walls above the kitchen turquoise green and it brightens up the space. On the outside patio there are now umbrellas and little tables that lend it a casual and inviting scene. 

They were serving ahi tuna on plaintain chips; the tuna was fresh and delicious. The pork empanadas, short rib on tortilla chip and the albondigas con papa were all very good, and very addictive. There was also a fried avocado with sesame seed (I think sesame seed) that was kind of like a Mexican tempura. The shrimp skewers were kind of difficult to eat the way they were placed on the stick, but were good also. They were served very interesting though, stuck into a big piece of pineapple. Cool presentation. 

At the far end of the restaurant they had a couple of people preparing tacos to your liking; they offered carne asada, chicken, carnitas and a couple of different meats. I went with the carnitas, they were very good. They also had different toppings and salsas to add on as well. Oh and for dessert they had pastel de tres leches. Now, any of my friends will tell you that when it comes to dessert, although I have a tremendous sweet tooth, I am still kind of picky. I don't like flan, jello or anything that's too moist, like pastel de tres leches. However, I had been snacking on salty food (and plenty or margaritas) for two hours straight (thanks Alex!) and was open to try a bite for the sugar rush. I must say it was quite good, what won me over was the strawberry jelly. I would recommend you try it. 

The food is is supposed to be Mexico City soul food, I don't know if the mean like cocinas economicas or what. I'm not sure if it's particularly chilango food per se, maybe they should add some huitlacoche, flor de calabaza, etc. But all in all the food is very good and quite affordable if you consider where the restaurant is located. As they say, location, location, location.