Easy to find and get to, but small enough that if you're not paying attention, you can drive right by El Sombrero.  It's hiding in plain sight.

The dining area is very small, only seating 50-60 people, making it a fine place for a party of four or less, but it's not a good place for a large group.  The dining room is very clean and it appears to be recently renovated.  While not a bad thing, the decor gives an almost sterile or minimal feel to the place.  I get the impression they want you to be there for the food, not the atmosphere, so on to the food!

The food was served very hot, just as it was prepared.  It was tasty, but not the kind of fare I'd rave about, especially given the great assortment of other Mexican restaurants available to Las Vegans and our visiting guests.  This leads to a criticism:  for what it is, the food is overpriced.  It's probably double what it ought to be, giving me the impression the restaurant is trying to establish itself based on pricing as something a bit more high-end or trendy than it actually is.  Because of the price, I almost rated El Sombrero two-stars.  Even so, time will tell if they've priced the menu appropriately.

To counter the cost of the food though, the waitstaff was excellent.  We were greeted with a genuine smile by the host, and our waiter waiter was just as nice.  As our food came out, other waiters helped, ensuring all our food arrived together.  Because of the small size, the waitstaff was ever present in a good way, and never overbearing.  Our drinks were never empty.  The service was definitely above average and caused my review to edge closer to four stars.  One additional criticism though:  the music was a little too loud and even distracting at times.

There's dedicated parking off the street in a private lot along side the restaurant, between the restaurant and the taxi service next door.  It's a small lot, but there's sufficient room to accommodate patrons even if the restaurant is full.  Keep in mind, the lot is pretty tight.  If you drive a large vehicle or you're not comfortable maneuvering in a narrow lot, you may find parking difficult.

For all the pros and cons I mentioned, I think El Sombrero is a solid choice for Mexican cuisine if you're nearby.  While I wouldn't strongly recommend it, I wouldn't warn people to stay away either.  This is one you'll need to try for yourself and decide what you think.  I'd love to know!