The first time we tried this place, we had takeout ordered via Grubhub. It was delicious. I was sick with a nasty cold, and the chicken tortilla soup I ordered  saved the day. My husband had the Pollo Especial, which is basically a chimichanga filled with delicious chicken and a bunch of other goodies. Enchanted by the memory of that delightful experience, we decided to head back and dine in.

Both our server and the manager in charge, who happened to be standing nearby while we were ordering drinks, seemed to be confused by the prices of the beer when we asked. After consulting with the manager, he informed us that the beers were half off, since it was happy hour. We expressed our delight at this piece of information, until the still-nearby manager stepped in and corrected our server by informing everyone present that happy hour ended 15 minutes ago, and that we would be charged the usual price. Hubby decided to stick with the beer, and I ordered an iced tea. 

Chips and salsa were average. The first bowl of chips we got were pretty crushed up. My iced tea was weak and tasted like it hasn't been brewed to full strength. Drinks ran pretty low until we flagged our server down to request refills, and when he returned, he only filled up our glasses about halfway. We were seated next to one of the computer stations, and witnessed several servers pushing each other playfully and cursing at each other in front of customers. The last straw was overhearing 2 servers having a very loud and inappropriate personal conversation right next to us, as though we weren't even sitting there. 

I ordered the #4 combination, which is a taco, red chile enchilada, and refried beans. I thought the price of  $10.95 was a bit steep for what I got. The taco was delicious, packed with flavorful shredded beef, and the shell was fried to crisp perfection, but the single, small enchilada was lacking in flavor and heat. 

Overall, they get three stars from me for our previous takeout order, and for the decent food during our visit. But the service was mediocre, and I wasn't impressed with the lack of professionalism that was displayed during our visit. I probably won't be back to this location.