I just don't see how this place is going to last.  The prices are just too high for the quality of food provided. The only reason I went was because of the happy hour half off appetizers and discounted drinks.   

The chips were cold and seemed like the type of cheap chips you'd get at a grocery store.   And the salsa was completely uninspiring -- typical boring, tasteless, spiceless garden salsa that could've easily come from a grocery store bottle.  I asked if they had a hotter, habanero type salsa -- and was provided with habanero Tabasco sauce (I like Tabasco sauce, but not exactly what I was looking for)

Tried the naughty maggie Margarita.   Found it to be no more interesting than a standard Margarita. 

My main dish was the queso fundido appetizer (it was just me, so the large appetizer was a full meal).  Well, it looked nothing like what I'm used to seeing with queso fundido at other Mexican restaurants.... looked more like a plate of sour cream. Flavor was okay but not something I would order again. .. and had I paid the usual full $16 price for this appetizer, I would've been very disappointed...instead of just moderately disappointed.  

When the check arrived,  the happy hour discount amount for what I ordered was incorrect so that had to be fixed.  But it actually couldn't be fixed and instead I had to be given an additional dollar off (so double check the pricing for those going for the happy hours deals).  And I was charged the full price on the Margarita because apparently that was not part of the happy hour special discounted drinks (something that was not clearly explained by my waitress when I ordered.... even though I had expressly asked her about the drink specials just before I ordered it -- so she clearly knew where my head was at and allowed me to order the non-discounted drink instead ..... a little bit deceptive if you ask me).  

I'm sorry to say but there is just nothing good to report about this place. I hope the restaurant that takes over this place after they inevitably close does a complete overhaul.   I had high hopes for this place,  but having gotten a small bad taste, there is simply no reason for me to ever come back and try anything else.

If Yelp allowed for zero stars, that would've been my rating.

Would someone please message me and tell me where I can get some decent very spicy, but smooth salsa in this city!!  Is that too much to ask for?