I am writing this review feeling very disappointed. I was looking forward to this restaurant opening and hoping for really great, authentic ( or at least USA style authentic), Mexican food. The building is very nice and the server was very polite and attentive....other than that.....

We went early on a Thursday afternoon ( 4 PM) and the restaurant was not busy at this point. The hostess took us to what must be the worst table in the restaurant. It was in the back and near the kitchen door and  the server station. Normally, I would have objected and asked for another table, but this being our first time there, I wanted to see what else was in store. I am familiar with the concept of filling tables back to front, but this was a bit extreme based on the hour and the number of customers. It did give me a good view of part of the kitchen, which looked clean and well maintained. The server was at our table almost immediately and took our drink order. I ordered a traditional Margarita on the rocks. Hubby had a draft beer. The Margarita had a minimal amount of Tequila and was not at all remarkable in taste.Chips and salsa came to the table, and the salsa ,while a bit spicy , was lacking in any depth of flavor.
I decided to go with  a classic combo, beef taco and cheese enchilada and my husband ordered the Carne Asada Al La Ab. The combo, priced at $17.95,does not come with salad or soup. Unusual in my experience. My husband's entrée did get the soup or salad choice. The Carne Asada has Hanger steak and my husband was not asked how he liked it cooked, which I assume represents that it's already prepared. The entrees were delivered in a timely manner.
My entire plate was lackluster and had none of the savory deliciousness that I would expect from that plate. The shredded beef in the taco, the cheese enchilada and even the rice and beans were all very bland. My husband's Hanger steak tasted OK, it was medium well to well done...but had some taste to it. The other components on the plate were the same as mine.
Unfortunately, I see no reason to return to this place. The food is pricey for Mexican, which would be OK if it was really good, and it was, at best, just OK.