I'm surprised that this place is rated so mediocrely.  This is a great Mexican place in Summerlin!

They started the service with chips and salsa. The chips were crunchy and tasty and were paired with very fresh tasting salsa. It's also nice and spicy which we appreciated. 

The salad was so-so but a good option for those wanting a fresh start. If they could add a Mexican cheese, a bit of guacamole and a salsa verde instead of the regular vinaigrette that would make this dish even better. Ask for a salsa verde on the side. 

The tacos al pastor were very good. The meat is generous and marinated well so it was quite tasty. 

The taquitos are a must-order. Typically I stay away from taquitos because it is so oily and heavy. But these are not the oil-laden taquitos you get from the neighborhood restaurant. They are lightly fried and stuffed with well-seasoned meat. They were generous with toppings and came with an awesome salsa verde. 

But the best part of the night was the plate of carnitas enchiladas. The dish was deeply flavorful. There were so many layers of taste that came out that you can tell someone took great care to make this dish. The pork was so tasty but not overly seasoned as some carnitas can get. The garlic onion and cumin flavors are subtle enough to just bring out the pork flavor. The salsa cut the fatty taste of the pork in just the right way. The cheese and sour cream added heft to the dish. I loved it. The refried beans that came with the plate were not that glop of mush that you normally get in other restaurants. They were whole beans that had wonderful texture and taste. 

Lastly, the service was great - Fernando was our server and was very nice. He worked fast and never tried to push us to order anything. When we asked him for suggestions, he didn't push the most expensive dish on the menu and actually told us what he thought was really good. The manager, Doug made sure to go up to every table and ask how things were going. It helped round out a great dinner.