Service was fine, food was OK, prices are insane.

This is a great looking restaurant, and I was so excited to visit that I went on the second day it was open. I won't judge the service too much since it's always crazy during the opening, although I'm not sure why waiters always feel comfortable complaining about their day and other customers to me (this happens at many restaurants, not just this one).

Pancho's is basically a '90s throwback Mexican restaurant with Americanized Mexican food, which isn't a bad thing. The obsession with authenticity has made me miss this stuff, but I can't imagine the reviewers who are calling this authentic have ever been outside their all-inclusive in Cancun.

We ordered an appetizer platter, which was about $18, and while it was big, it would've been cheaper at any other Mexican restaurant. The quesadillas were great, and the rest was standard. My husband got the steak fajitas, and this was the tiniest serving of fajitas I've ever seen, but he said the steak was excellent. I got the Pancho's trio of enchiladas, and they were your usual enchiladas, both in size and flavor.

We thought about ordering the $16 guacamole, but the waiter said we can try the side portion that comes with our appetizer platter. It's pretty much just mashed up avocado. No flavor whatsoever, and they charge more than any place I've ever been to, including those on the Strip.

All the food was good but in no way justifies the fact that they charge twice as much as every other Mexican restaurant. This is probably the most expensive Mexican place I've seen, and there was absolutely nothing special about the food. They'll need to cut the prices by nearly half to keep a regular clientele. We spent $67 on those three items, and went to Casa Don Juan the next week and got the same stuff for $28, and it tasted much better.

Another problem was that there were little kids running around all over the place. None of them were with the same party, but for whatever reason, everyone felt comfortable letting their kids run around in circles in a packed restaurant full of rushing waiters. It's common to see someone who doesn't care what their kid is doing, but it's just weird when it's a room full of careless parents.

The waiter said seafood is their specialty, so I'll go back to try it and see if it's any better than the rest. Unlike what the last reviewer said, we are not cheap. We regularly eat at restaurants that are more expensive than this, but the quality matches the price at those places. Pancho's just doesn't do it. I figure this restaurant will attract the same flavorless Summerlin soccer mom crowd as Crave.