Well - I can see why this brand new restaurant only has 3 stars.

Ambiance - 5 stars
Service - 2 stars
Food Quality - 3 stars
Price - 1 star

Unfortunately, ambiance doesn't a good meal make.

We walk in w/ a party of 8 on Sunday at 6pm.  The hostesses look at us, one rolls her eyes, then they ask if we have a reservation.  We didn't, but asked if they could accommodate us and they said it would  be a few minutes.

We walked into the bar area to get a drink while we waited.  The bartender was fantastic, I wanted a skinny margarita w/ no triple sec.  He made a delicious concoction with a grand marnier float and it was fabulous.

They call us up and ask my husband if we want the 18% auto-grat added.  He declined as if the service is good, we generally tip 20% or more.  

They seat us up on the second level, which again, was beautiful.  We are greeted promptly by the server and bussers and we order additional non alcoholic drinks.  Not long after, we had some chips & salsa delivered to the table that were rather good.

We start looking through the menu and realize everything (and i mean EVERYTHING) is over priced.  $20 for Ceviche?  $15 for Guacamole?!? Are you kidding me???

Anyway, we were there w/ family so we decided to just deal.  My husband and I are vegan and noticed very few vegan options on the menu.  No big deal, we'll just modify.  They have a Vegetarian Salad (THIS IS WHAT THEY CALL IT) that includes the Mexican style rice.  Thing is - the Mexican style rice ISN'T vegetarian!! It's made w/ chicken stock!!!  Why would you put a non-vegetarian item in a vegetarian dish??  I am SO GLAD my gut told me to ask.

That being said, I ordered that salad, no rice, no cheese, no sour cream and it was actually rather good.  The dressing they put on it was great too and it was loaded w/ squash and carrots.  I did ask for beans since I wasn't getting the rice, cheese, and cream and they happily obliged.  However, this was a $17 salad.

My brother in law is pretty picky and ordered the philly burritto w/ o the onions or peppers - basically just meat and cheese.  My sister-in-law ordered the beef & beans burrito.  My bro in law's burrito came out w/ just meat.  My sister in law's came out chicken & beans, instead of beef & beans.  Neither came with ANY sides.  For $15 (it might have even been more), it should come with SOMETHING on the side.  My brother in law sent his burrito back and decided he would just wait to eat until he go thome instead of overpaying for the dish.  My sister in law ate hers, but said it was just "meh" - she could get better for a fraction of the price at Roberto's.

We had to ask for ketchup for my nephew's dish 3 times, and had to ask for the check twice (the second time almost 20 minutes after the first).

The manager came over and told my brother in law he wouldn't need to pay for the burrito (said it multiple times like it was some big favor he was doing us).  It was nice he stopped by, but that was a given - I sure hope we aren't paying for food that we sent back because it was deemed sub-par.

I ordered a second margarita, and started to explain to the server what I wanted but then stopped and said, you know what - the bartender will remember, he just made my first one.  The server smiled, shook his head, then walked away.  After I get my second margarita and it tastes NOTHING like the first, I see there's another bar upstairs.  He knew I came up w/ my first margarita...why didn't he ask me to continue because he would be ordering from a different bartender??

I'm just thoroughly disappointed, I really wanted to like this place and was excited about a late night bar (the bar is open until 2) that isn't a pub opening up in the area, however everything is way over priced (just because you're in Summerlin doesn't mean you can overcharge), the food was average and the service was subpar.  I will only likely return if invited for another group event.  It's a shame, because we could have been regulars.