What the hell happened to this place?

I used to love Chino Bandido... their wacky Mexican/Asian combos seemed to give me consistent mouth-gasms every time I'd go there. Within the past year or so however something changed, the staff went way downhill and the resulting food that comes out of the kitchen is a sad and pathetic shadow of what it used to be. 

Just to illustrate this point, I decided to give this place another shot a few weeks ago and upon walking in (the place was empty by the way) I was greeted with a "wassup' by the main kid at the register... nothing more than that... just "wassup" with a look on his face like I was a rival gang member entering into hostile territory... not very welcoming to say the least. 

After ordering my combo dish 'to go'... I was treated to about a 15 minute wait, and while I was waiting the three kids working in the kitchen were rapping with each other. Some of the words coming from their mouths are probably too harsh to include in this review. It was obvious that they were paying no attention to my food that was cooking. It was so uncomfortable to be sitting there that long, staring at a group of clueless kids making fools out of themselves... I almost walked out without my food even though I had already paid; because let's be honest... the chance of this food being decent at this point was near zero in my mind. 

After my long wait, and being handed my bad of food by one of the delinquent-looking employees (who by the way didn't mutter a single word when giving me my dish or when I left)... I went home to uncover what horrors awaited me in that styrofoam container. Let me just tell you my friends, it was not pretty. It looked like someone had taken an ice cream scooper and just plopped a pile of beans on top of a soggy tortilla and rice... then put in on the floor and stepped on it. It was a mushy pile of greased up nothingness... no substance, just a poor excuse for a pile of food that could be mistaken for animal excrement.

By no means should you go here, unless they revitalize this place or hire some new staff... so this is your warning; avoid the Chandler location like the plague!