Let me start by saying that writing this review KILLS ME as I've been coming to Chino Bandido since I started grad school in Glendale in ~1996.  I have loved this place for its quirky menu, its totally casual atmosphere, great service and reasonable prices.  I've brought my young kids here for years and they love it too.

All of that said, I have to say that in the last year and a half the quality has declined DRAMATICALLY.  Specifically there seems to be a total lack of attention to detail.  The last three times we've been there it has been ehhh and tonight it was just flat out bad.  We got in the car and said that if that had been the first time we visited, we'd never come back.  As it is it'll be a long time before we eat here again.

Specifically the food on the last few visits has been cold, and I don't mean warm, I really mean cold like it's just been sitting ready to go and was just thrown in a foil plate and served at room temperature.  On top of being cold I had Jade Red chicken (#7) that was very dry and had very little of the red sauce on it so it just looked like chicken nuggets with a bit of red here and there.  Worse than that though was Hengrenade chicken that was cold, limp and just tasted steamed, not an ounce of browning on it.  In all, the worst meal I've eaten there and my wife's was just as bad.

Kills me to write this as I've written 5 star reviews for Chino and referred MANY people over the years who've universally loved it.  I must stress that the crew that works there couldn't be nicer, they are great kids, polite, helpful and this is not about them, this is about food that isn't a quarter as good as it was 5, 10 or 15 years ago.

I hope that I can go back in a few months and things will be better, if not I'm afraid we're done.  I saw that the owner's husband passed away a couple of years ago and that she has closed the Chandler location which I hope isn't an indication that this place is in a rapid decline leading to a slow painful closing.  I would happily amend this review if things improve and for their sake I hope that they do.  We both commented tonight that for a Friday night at 6:30 things were MUCH slower than normal so I suspect that we're not the only ones feeling this way.

Please, please, please focus on food quality.  I guarantee that no one checked temperature or presentation tonight before the food went out.  We get that this is not fine dining, but that's not an excuse for poor food quality.  Our food bore zero resemblance to the food pics on their Facebook page.   I want my favorite casual restaurant back.......