Found out about this place from watching Diners Drive-ins and Dives. You know, one of those local joints that Guy Fieri raves about....This is their second location. It's tucked in the way back of a strip mall. Your GPS may lead you to the wrong location just an FYI. After finally finding this place, we walked into a large, 'clean', restaurant, set up like a high school cafeteria. The tables are plastic portable tables. The wall decor is mostly posters tacked up on the walls with thumb tacks like a teenagers bedroom. Place was not busy at 6:30 on a Friday,. However, the girl at the register was impatient with us like there was an invisible line behind us that only she could see... it would have been nice if she would have asked if this was our first time, explain things to us and give us samples. The food combinations kinda make the place smell funny like the sewer was backing up...  I dunno, maybe i just have an overly sensative nose. My hubby didn't notice it at all....You are probably thinking, "where is she going with this review?!? Well here I go to the most important part...the food!! The ordering system is a bit weird. I guess there are millions of options, but only a few are pictured on the wall behind the counter. When it arrives to your table, it's in a round disposable tinfoil container, perfect for take home transport! I had a rice bowl with red jade chicken and fried rice. Yum!! The fried rice was really good, a bit different from, let's say the Panda variety;) The red jade chicken had great flavor but was a little dried out like it was pre-made and sitting under a heat lamp for hours. My hubby got the combo plate with plain fried rice, black beans, jerk chicken and machaca. All of which he devoured like he'd never ate before! He said it was all fantastic! I tried some of his plate and I would have to agree! Best part of the meal, the giant snicker doodle cookies, made fresh! 
Nut shell, food was good! Not awesome, but good! We'll definitely be back! Might have to try the "original location" next time!!