I can not remember how I found out about this restaurant but it sounded different and interesting. First of all, good luck finding this restaurant. It is tucked way back off the road (Chandler Blvd). We actually drove right past it once and circled back and found it. The nearest main cross road is Dobson. The restaurant sits back (remember- way back) on the south side of Chandler Blvd. Do yourself a favor, google map it before you head here. Also, park in the back. There is a lot of parking in the back which is actually the east side of the restaurant. We parked in the front  We got here on a Thursday afternoon about 1230pm and it was not busy. There were 3 tables of people. There are a lot of tables, and according to some reviews it gets very busy. Don't get me wrong, I am glad it wasn't busy but it does make you kinda go hmmm when it's lunch time and not many people are at a restaurant. I had reviewed the order system with my friend prior to going to the restaurant so he was prepared for the extraordinary ordering system. Here's my beef with this-there is no way to know where to start or who to turn in your final exam of an order to. Remember it wasn't busy, so maybe the person staring out into space behind the counter could have said something BEFORE we had to ask. It's not like he was busy. I ordered a combo of egg foo yung, jerk fried rice, black beans, and a chile relleno burrito. My friend ordered a combo with a jerk chicken quesadilla, a chinese BBQ pork quesidilla, refried beans and jerk fried rice. We were handed our cups for our drinks and off we went. We had no idea where the drink station was because you can not see it from the order counter. To the left of the order counter, and down a bit is the drink/silverware/napkins/salsa/asian sauce and to-go covers. We took a seat and about 10 minutes later our food was delivered to us. They even deliver a cookie with each order. I don't know if they change the kind of cookie from day to day but that day the cookie was a snickerdoodle. The food is very good. It's kind of cool to be able to order chinese and mexican food at the same place. My egg foo yung is the darkest I've ever seen, but it was good. The chile relleno was heavenly. The jerk fried rice was moist and tasty. The black beans tasted a lot better than they looked. My friend said both of his quesadillas were good as well. He thought the jerk chicken was just a little better than the chinese bbq. I would have given this restaurant only 3 stars due to the lack of customer service.  The good food gets the 4. The food is not overpriced which could almost bring this to a 5 star review. In this economy a place to grab some great food at a very reasonable cost is much appreciated. Our combos were about $7.50 each with the drinks costing $1.50. Pet peeve about the place- the employees constantly went in and out of the kitchen. CONSTANTLY. I don't know where they were going but since we were sitting just to the right of the kitchen we were acutely aware of how many times the door open. It makes me worry about the whole handwashing thing prior to working with food.  Don't go here looking for ambience as there is none. You will sit at tables looking at a parking lot. There is a TV on and we watched some opening day baseball. This is not a first  date night kind of place, but more a hang with your friends kind of place  Chino Bandido is comfortable, and roomy. Groups would easily be seated here. The food is the star! . Remember B is for burrrito, and Q is for quesadila :)