I use to love this place when my coworkers introduced me to this place in 2004.

Such a neat concept, fusion of Chinese and Mexican food. Who would've thought to combine crazy combinations like Emerald chicken in a quesedilla? Or bbq pork in a burrito with fried rice?

If you have never been here, they offer a sampling station of all the different ingredients they offer. Think of it as a coscto sampling, but all combined in one stop.

After you know what the ingredients are, it's the ordering that's fun.

The menu is on a single piece of paper, different sections: Make your combo, rice bowl, sides, and drinks.

I would highly recommend doing the combo, as it lets you choose 2 ingredients, beans, and rice. Basic art of building your combo is to first choose the meat you want ( you get 2 choices). My favorite is the emerald chicken (its minced ginger/green onino and chicken, very good) and the jade red chicken (Lightly coated, deep-fried chicken glazed with slightly spicy sweet sauce). There's other choices such as jerk fried chicken, carnitas, chile relleno, hengrenade chicken, teriyaki chicken, etc.

After you choose the meat, you choose whether to have it wrapped in a burrito or quesadilla (they use the wok to pan fry it). I usually do one of the meats in a quesadilla and the other by itself.

Then you choose the beans (refried or black beans) and the rice (plain rice is included, fried rice extra $).

That's it! Then you put your drink and the name you want to be known as. I've heard of many folks putting hilarious names, but I haven't had the guts to try that yet.

The taste is very good in my opinion, but tends to be a bit on the greasy side. 

However in the past few years, I noticed their portions are getting smaller and the price increasing. So haven't gone as much as before, hence I'm giving this place a 3 star. It definitely is a neat concept and lunchtimes are always packed with people. Worth a try if you want to try some new crazy fusion Chinese/Mex food.

PS: This was the original Chino Bandido location, so the place looks a  bit more dumpy than the one in Chandler.

PS(2): Was featured on the Food Networks by Guy Fier!!!