I feel the need to explain my 2-star rating, because I come here with regularity. Every so often I just jones for an emerald chicken quesadilla, smothered in their salsa. 

The service is hit & miss. There is one particular employee who is awful, the rest are okay - very friendly. But communication is not their strong suit. For example, one day I tried to order a rice bowl WITH a quesadilla. They did not tell me that I can't have a quesadilla with a rice bowl, so I ended up with emerald chicken over rice - no quesadilla. No warning, or I'd have changed my order. They also refused to fix my existing order, they told me I'd have to put in a new order for a quesadilla - no refund on the rice bowl I didn't want. Just today, I put in a to-go order and came home to find they put something... not emerald chicken, I don't know WHAT it is - in my quesadilla. In their defense, they were busy, and I'm sure it's hard to tell what's in a quesadilla. Just disappointing when literally, that is the only reason I go there.

Many people seem to love their fried rice - I don't think it's anything special. Likewise with the beans - they are good, not spectacular. I love the jade red chicken and the diablo chicken. The pork tends to be too fatty for my tastes. The cookies are okay. The SALSA is something special (don't miss it - they put it in a big container by the fountain drink dispenser), I love it and if they sold it in jars I'd probably buy it. 

The good news is that I did find the emerald chicken recipe online http://www.foodieslikeusblog.com/recipes/guy-fieri-dishes-on-tattoos-foodies-and-changing-lives/ (allll the way at the bottom) and I've made it - it really does replicate it well! The bad news is that 80% of the time I'm too lazy to make it myself... so back to Chino Bandido I go.

PS - Every so often... they run OUT of chicken. Really, it's the weirdest thing to me. How does a restaurant run out of chicken? But it's happened 3 times to me here. Since I go there for the chicken dishes, I just leave when that happens. 

PPS - I really hope the Chino staff doesn't see my review and muck with my food next time I go... I need a Yelp alias.