I have been going to Chino's for 15+ years, I don't remember when I started there.  A good friend ran a paperback book store just south and Chino's was a regular stop for us for lunch or for dinner afterwards before spending an evening gaming or watching movies.  The 19th Ave location has expanded twice since I started going there.

Chino's is an amazing place, and has been featured on Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  The owners, Eve and Frank, are great people.  In fact, meeting Eve for the first time was an interesting experience: she started staring at me and asked "Do you have a brother named Rick?"  I replied yes.  "Did you go to Sunnyslope?"  I replied yes.  I didn't think I looked that much like my brother that she could identify me through him.  It was amusing, unfortunately it's been quite a while since I've seen her and Frank, I heard they're mainly working in the Chandler location.

Chino's is restaurant with an interesting structure.  If you're new, walk up to the counter and tell them that you're a newbie and they'll give you samples of all of their meats.  You then choose to have your meat with a rice & beans bowl, or in a quesadilla or burrito, or you get a combo plate where you can get two meats, by themselves or in burritos or quesadillas with rice and beans.  The beans are refried or black, the rice can be white, fried, chicken fried, pork fried, or jerk fried.

It's just great stuff.

Myself, I prefer the jade red chicken and frequently get it in a burrito with black beans.  Eve was very skeptical every time I ordered my burrito, then one day she made one for himself and decided it as pretty good.

One thing that's been cool is their weekends.  On week days, you get a snickerdoodle cookie for dessert, on the weekends they have specialty cookies like a lovey chocolate bomb called a volcano cookie.  They also do butterscotch cookies, and probably one or two that I can't name.  The weekends also have on offer black bean tostadas, which are awesome.  And you can buy the cookies by the dozen to take for later consumption.

I wouldn't say that Chino's is infinite diversity in infinite combinations, but pretty darn close.  Well worth the time, but expect long waits if you go there at dinner time Friday or Saturday.  Lunches can also get slammed by engineers from Honeywell (or whatever they're called this week), your best chances for fast service is in off-peak hours.  They also are frequently closed on holidays, so plan accordingly.  It can also be quite noisy when it's full, so don't be surprised.