The restaurant's logo says it all: racist, stereotypical, and fails to represent the Chinese and Latino food cultures completely. I brought my best friend who was visiting for the holiday, to this restaurant, having seen the segment featured on DDD.
We drove about a half hour to get to the restaurant so by the time we got there we were hungry! The ordering technique was unique and after someone explained it to us and let us sample the beans and meat varieties, we grew excited to eat the food that seemed so delicious. 

But then the food came...

First off, I ordered the chili relleno, plain fried rice, and egg foo yun.
My friend ordered a carnitas burrito, chicken fried rice, and the quesadilla with the pollo diablo. 

The chile relleno I received was basically a skinny tasteless chile with gobs of cheddar cheese inside of a large battered shell. And it looked like a big fried snake. To me, cheese is cheating. When you throw cheese on food, of course it's going to taste good but cheese can only go so far. I didn't pay to eat fried, greasy, batter. I paid to eat a hot chile with cheese stuffed inside an egg coating. And the Egg Foo Yun? Um...basically bean sprouts with green onion and egg filtered throughout like a bean sprout scramble. 
Plain fried rice was bland and almost tasteless. The best part of the dish was the refried black beans. 

My friend enjoyed her burrito with carnitas the most along with the beans but mentioned that Cuban beans are normally not sweet the way they were made in this restaurant. "Cuban beans" ha! I guess if you've never really had Cuban food you would never know the difference and think this was the best combination of Chinese and Latino food you've ever tasted. 

But anyway, this food was not at all what I expected. I don't know what's wrong with Guy Fieri for praising this restaurant. I guess any restaurant could write to the Food Network to get on DDD and they would run it. 
Do people not have taste buds or a palette that is able to distinguish shit from dirt?

I get it, you're hungry. But damn. I wasn't that hungry. I was very tempted to return the food and say, you know? I just can't do it. But we drove for thirty minutes to get there, and my friend was visiting and we had talked about going to this place for a day and a half, so we had to do it. We had to at least eat the food. But man, I just don't get why people could rave about food that's tasteless, greasy, and unauthentic. Sorry, Chino Bandido. Your food is nasty. But your cookie was okay.