I have a feeling that this place will require more than one visit to really "get".  Once again, the experience of a restaurant vastly outweighs the food on it's own (in other words, takeout isn't as good as being here).

Mexican and Asian fusion?  Sure, I'll try anything at least once.  The concept may seem strange, but with what seems to be our cultural fixation low cost/high quantity food, I'm surprised this is the first time I'm seeing a blend like this.  And it turns out that it works pretty well.

If it's your first time going, make sure you tell them when you get to the front of the queue.  They will begin to regale you with no only an explanation of what in the world is going on, but will proceed to feed you half the menu so you can see what things taste like.

I, without fail, found the spiciest dish on the menu; the Chicken Diablo and had it burrito-ified.  That and a chilie relleno, with the surprisingly good black beans, sounded like a perfect combination.  When the food was brought out to the cafeteria-style dining area, it looked just as good as expected.  While the black beans were just as amazing as they were ten minutes ago when we were getting samples, the rest of the meal just didn't hold up to the excitement around the samples and the ordering experience.  The chicken was over-fried and was little more than crisp with a vaguely poultry-ish texture.  It might have been better served by not being crammed into a thin tortilla shell.  The relleno was, if not better, just more fun.  The constant battle between the cheese that leaks out after the first cut and the hot pepper inside, balanced against the cornflake breading that splinters anytime silverware comes near it...priceless.

It's certainly worth a visit.  The whole experience, from conception of the idea ("Mexican and Chinese food? Say what?!?") to the half meal you get as they rattle off their menu to you, is one that shouldn't be missed.  I can see why people like it so much, but maybe I need to go a few more times before it really catches me.