Stopped here for lunch at 1:00 pm last Thursday with my hubby and was seated promptly. Being vertically challenged, I was pleased that the booth bench was high in relation to the table level, but it certainly could have had a lot more cushion.  

We were brought drinks, had orders took, and tortilla chips brought promptly. I really liked the chips. They were paper thin, very crispy, and were glistening with fresh, hot, fryer oil. The pico de gallo type salsa also tasted very fresh and home-made, but it could have done better with a few less chopped onion chunks in it. Upon request, we were also brought a bowl of more picante salsa, which had the flavor of roasted red chilies. Nice.

Our orders, both from the lunch menu, were also served quite quickly.  My husband had a cheese enchilada/chicken taco combo (~$6.25) which came with black beans (on request), rice, and a cabbage garnish. I didn't even see the taco since my husband devoured it so fast, but his enchilada was swimming in a mixture of cheese & red sauce which he said was pretty tasty. 

I had a chicken enchilada (~$6.75). There were nice chunks of breast in there that actually tasted like chicken, unlike some other mexican joints where the meats all have the same texture & flavor. The enchilada was drizzled with a nice green chili sauce. The spanish rice was a little bit nondescript, but was more edible than some other restaurants'.  Mine was also served with black beans as requested, and a cabbage garnish. There were also more big chunks of onion in the garnish. I'm not an onion hater, don't get me wrong, but I'm sure after this feast, nobody would want to be within four feet of me. If I was on lunch break from one of the nearby offices, I'd probably request they go easy on the onions, lest I offend my work-mates back at the office.

Although I arrived with a huge appetite, I was stuffed after devouring everything on my plate. The service was very good. Our waitress was quite attentive and quick. The food was delicious. The prices were reasonable.  I'd go again.