I go to the Javier's in Newport all the time so of course I was excited for a great experience. Well I got the opposite of that. My girlfriends and I went for some lunch. We sat down and if you have been to the Javier's in Newport its beautiful and the ambiance is amazing. The Vegas location lacked all that. My friend and I ordered the chicken tacos to share. 
When the food arrived we noticed the tacos had guacamole on them. The menu didn't say that guacamole came on the tacos. My friend I was sharing with is allergic to avocado so we had to send them back. I asked for guacamole on the side since I wanted guacamole on my tacos. Another friend of mine was less than happy with her meal and didn't take more than 2 bits of her meal.  We asked to waitress to talk to the manager. The waitress was sweet but seemed new and didn't know much about the menu.
The manager seemed afraid to come talk to us and didn't want to anything to help us with our issues. The manager, waitress and another man who looked like he may have been another manager stood at the computer for a good 15 minutes just staring and us and the computer. What's so hard about working with a customer who was not impressed with the restaurant at all. By this time we were pretty pissed off. A girlfriend of mine got up and went to talk to them one on one since she worked in the restaurant/nightlife industry. This is not rocket science. By the time we got the check they charged me for my side of guacamole which I was confused because guacamole supposedly came on the tacos.
As we were about to leave a group of guys came over to us and offered to buy us drinks. We got the guys to buy us 2 bottles of Cristal spending well over $2,000 at the restaurant in 10 minutes. I hated to give them that kind of business but hey I guess they should have been thanking us and maybe treated us a little better earlier that night. Next time I'll take my business somewhere else and make them money. 

I do recommend the Javier's in Newport