Definitely need to make reservation. This place is full 90%of the time !

This is a beautiful restaurant when it comes to decoration. I do personally think the tables are too close to each other, you can literally hear others' conversation even you don't want to by sitting right next to their table and also the booth seating is not facing the casino but rather facing another table. While we were there, we are a party of 3 girls and we had a booth. The whole time the couple, who were at the table right in front of us kept turning their heads to us. It is rather distracting for both tables. The restaurant has dark wood decor and their massive art piece at the very end on the wall. That's made by a famous Mexican Artist on a solid wood piece with a chainsaw. I highly recommend anybody who plans on visiting the restaurant or Aria check out this video : http://vegas.eater.com/archives/2012/10/15/watch-the-worlds-largest-chainsaw-art-being-made.php

When it comes to food, I am a big fan of their appetizers and frenshly made margaritas than their entrees. I ordered Seafood Enchiladas, it is fresh and tastes good but didn't really impress me or give me any wow moment. However, their cocktails are amazing. Between three of us, we had Jalepino Margarita, Cucumber Margarita and Tamary Margarita. They are all delicious. The bartender made them pretty strong too, and of course no complaints on that :-)

The service is the reason I only gave a 3 star for this restaurant. We were here for a work invite. Unlike any other restaurants, from the server, the busser to the manager, nobody knows what to do. The manager didn't come to the table and tried to "sell" the restaurant. The server didn't know how to handle the ordering. The busser came by 3 different times asking if we ordered bottle of water or tap water. I am not impressed at all. Another thing that I don't think this restaurant can rate itself as fine dining is that the server didn't bring our food together when serving, and they asked us who ordered what again after he had taken our orders. 

I would come back for the drinks and appetizers for sure.