Only if my taste buds were on my eyes.
 The place is astonishing! Love the white walls the dark woods the dark leather and the accent wrought iron. All in a some kind of Moroccan architecture with ogival arches and hanging ropes imitating giant draperies. There's also the largest chainsaw carved piece of art hanging on one of the walls that suppose to tell the history of the Mayans but all I saw was skeletons scattered all over, maybe it tells the Mayan present and not the past. still ....a real feast to my eyes! This is the place where you would probably find the most interesting man in the world having lunch!...... So I ordered a Dos Equis and asked for the menu.

The food.... where do I start? Oh yes! With the chips and salsa of course. The first rule to tell if a restaurant is committed to quality is with the chips. Room temperature chips = corner cutting restaurant. Warm chips = will go the extra mile for you restaurant. Well I'm happy to inform you that the chips were not only warm, they were also crispy and tasty! and that's before adding the salsa!....now to the not so great.

 I was really hoping for something different on the menu since by looking at the place it is obvious that Javier wants to set himself apart from most typical Mexican restaurants but unlike the decor the menu at Javiers was as boring as any taco shop menu in town. To be fair they do serve steaks and some vegetarian items but you'll pay for that!  Yes the prices are a little bit high for a Mexican restaurant.
Carne asada 50.00, filete ladrillo 60.00 filete antiguo 45.00 but like everyone else says..."this is the strip!".... I don't care, you just don't buy silver and pay for gold! ..oh yes, I've paid more for food before but for stuff that I couldn't pronounce and definitely not in a Mexican restaurant...call me el cheapo but I skipped those items and settled for a taco an enchilada and a chile relleno combo. Food came out kinda warm almost cold even though the plate felt hotter than the food which I didn't understand but I was hungry and it was warm enough and edible so I ate it but shouldn't be acceptable at those prices. 
 Service was kinda slow. I had to wait between beers and to order and the place wasn't busy at that time. I think they were saving their energy for rush hour or something. I didn't mind at the time since I wasn't in a hurry and also it gave me time to take some pictures. but at the end although I think the food is good but nothing that would make me go out of my way to get as if it was something that would go through a rolled one hundred dollar bill. I would probably try it again but only if I'm in the area.

 I do have one complaint.....Javier, what's up with the music? That's the stuff you would listen to at Mariana's supermarket while pushing a shopping cart or at the broad acres swap meet while you bite into an elote. I'm sure you can come up with something a little bit more original. How about some Mana, Sin Banderas, or play some pandora....and get rid of all those eight tracks!
In conclusion. This place gets 3.5 stars in my opinion. The food is decent, the place is beautiful, and so was the staff that was working at that time....if only my taste buds were on my eyes.
 
100th review!     *opens champagne*