5 of my friends and I decided to have brunch here Sunday, after reading a New Times review that was pretty positive. Apparently the New Times didn't go for brunch. We arrived early-9am, as we were cycling over and wanted to avoid the heat. We sat outside on the patio, which was nice, aside from the vinyl cushions. Why anyone would use vinyl cushions outside in Arizona is beyond me.
Our server, Jorge, seemed nice, although his accent was a bit of a challenge. That mostly just resulted in my asking him to repeat himself, and feeling like an ass. 
When he took our order, it was very disorganized. There were only 6 of us, and he asked me three times what I wanted to drink. It took 15 minutes to get our drinks - 3 Bloody Mary's and 3 mimosas. It seemed a little excessive. After bringing us our drinks and waiting another 15 minutes, he finally took our food order. I was only asked for my entree twice, which was a slight improvement over my drink order, but 3 of us were asked multiple times, which seemed odd. Our drinks were empty by that point and we requested refills. We did, after all, order unlimited drinks. That took about 10 minutes. We couldn't figure out why, we were the only people there, aside from other employees.
We ordered bacon guacamole and crab guacamole to start with, and we received 6 chips for 6 people. Now they were big, but really?! The guacamole was tasty but the consistency was AWFUL. It was not creamy at all, it felt like a bunch of diced avocado and spices. I wish I'd taken a photo. Our entrees arrived about 15 minutes after the guacamole, which was fine, but my food wasn't hot, or even warm. Lukewarm, maybe. It was still decent, but if it had been hot I think it would have been wonderful. The eggs were poached perfectly, which was impressive, given how often they are overdone. After our food was delivered, we waited maybe 20 minutes for another drink refill. We also had been without water most if the time, I think I asked three times. Why he didn't leave a pitcher, I don't understand. After our plates had been cleared, the check was promptly delivered. We requested separate checks, and he said the best he could do was split it evenly between the 6 of us. At this point we were so annoyed we said fine. We planned on staying and relaxing a bit with a few drinks, but when we asked for more, he said "oh, I don't think I can do that since I closed the check". Somehow he made it work, but wow what a thing for a server to say. We never had asked for the check!
The most disappointing part of the meal was the outright passive aggressiveness Jorge displayed after one of our group wrote up a quick Yelp review at the table. She asked for something, and he said, very bitterly, "Of course, Kristina". She was the only person who paid with cash, so we immediately knew how he knew her name (again, only people in the restaurant). We were all pretty appalled at that. The manager stopped by to let us know he saw the review, and he was quite nice, but it didn't really make up for the terrible service. As much as this place has great potential (the food could have been amazing, if only it was hot), the service ruined my experience and I probably won't return.