Oh Yelp, my sweet sweet Yelp... what a huge disappointment!! 

I wanted to LOVE The Mission, I really did, but unfortunately we must've gone on an "off night" or something because our experience was a mixed bag. Let me start from the beginning. We were greeted by an awesome hostess with great energy who was extremely welcoming - kudos to her!! We were seated shortly after arriving and our waitress was also very friendly and honest in her recommendations, no complaints with the staff at all. The ambiance of this place is extremely romantic and interesting -  chandeliers, leather covered menus, etc. Beautiful. 

The food descriptions were elegantly worded and ingredients sounded like they were offering great dishes!!! ...we were not served any of said great dishes. We started with the duck and foie gras empanadas. Foie gras is really having a moment right now and i understand why restaurants are clamoring to have it on their menus, unfortunately it felt forced on this dish. It wasn't necessary and it barely made a showing to be honest. I am a total foodie and have been enjoying dishes foie gras is the star (foie gras and waffles at the Black Hoof in Toronto or the foie gras mousse at Lolita in Cleveland for example) so having it as a garnish on an empanada didn't really do it justice in my opinion. Otherwise, the dish was fine. The real issue came with our entrees. My husband ordered the steak tacos and I ordered the porchetta - both sounded delicious!! - neither were. His steak was basically uncooked/rare in the center giving it an extremely chewy/soft texture, not to mention the steak was COLD. He didn't even finish the 3 small tacos. To quote him after his first bite "I think they microwaved my steak." I ordered the chorizo stuffed porchetta and I was really looking forward to it. Unfortunately, the majority of the cut was pure fat and what wasn't fat (or chorizo) was very dry. I'm not sure what happened, but whatever it was, it was disappointing to say the least. The couple next to us was seated after us and their food came out before ours, so I'm wondering if maybe our ticket got lost and they rushed to get our food out? I hope it was something like that, although I'd much rather wait for wonderful food than have mediocre food served to me quickly. 

The saving grace of the meal were the margaritas, they were excellent. I went out on a limb and tried the avocado margarita - who has ever had an avocado margarita?! It was really good. It was slightly creamy in texture compared to a slushy marg, but that didn't phase me. I ordered a second. Yum. My husband enjoyed his drinks as well. Between the drinks, ambiance and staff I think that a 2 star review is fair considering we went specifically for the food. I don't know if we'd ever go back, but I never say never.