Let me start by saying that their food is really good! I love their carne asada tortas and carne asada tacos.... a little on the pricey side and small portions. Food does not equal a great dining experience.

However when it comes to customer service they suck! The girls who work the front counter always seem to have an attitude, I don't know if it is family that works there but they need to have meetings with their staff on how to deal with customers and have better attitudes. Customers are the ones who keep them in business.

The last time my boyfriend and I were there was back in October, we have not been back since (WE USE TO go at least 2 times a week). After catching an evening movie down town we went to Americas to grab a bite to eat, staff was not friendly as we walked in, then we went to sit out in their patio (north side of building). They have green plastic chairs, as my boyfriend went to sit down the leg of the chair just broke off and he fell backwards hitting his head on the wooden post. Mind you, he is not a huge man, 6' 3" 200lbs. He was more than embarrased since other people were outside and his head and hand were a little sore with the fall, we also noticed there was a broken chair sitting against back wall (leg broken off- Really? Shocker! Not!) After talking for a bit we figured with the wear and tear of weather the chairs were probably getting brittle and getting weak. A staff member came out a few minutes later with our food and asked if everything was ok, it seemed like he was insinuating he knew what happened but did not come right out and say so (They have windows right next to where it happened). My boyfriend told him the whole story and said we noticed the other chair and if it happened before they should have checked all the chairs because it could have happened to a child, pregnant woman or a heavier individual and the outcome could have been worse. The guy did not know what to say or do... he did not offer to pay for our meal or give us anything on the house and kept saying we could go to the hospital if we needed to. We asked for the manager/owner, he said he was out of town. So we asked for a contact number or email address. He gave us both. 

The next day my boyfriend emailed the owner, he said he was out of town and sorry for what happened and would take care of us as soon as he got back in town in a couple of days..... it has been 4 months and we never heard back from him?!?....... WOW, way to go in customer service and pleasing the customer. Guess that is where his staff gets it from.

Hopefully they are keeping an eye on those chairs so it wont happen again, to YOU the CUSTOMER.... beware of the green chairs!!!!!