In general, overpriced and underwhelming:
I was excited to try OTB, having heard decent things about it from others, plus I had a $25 gift certificate so I figured it would be a pretty cheap dinner.   About 30 minutes before we got there, there was an ad on TV for their "endless enchiladas" so we figured it would be a good day for our first try.

When we arrived, we were seated pretty much right away.  My children were given a page from a coloring book with two crayons each.  Unfortunately, my daughter received a gray crayon and a white crayon, impossible to color with.  We asked for other crayons but, no go, so she complained about that through most of the meal.  

Our waitress came up and apologized, letting us know she was the only one working that day.  She was the only great thing about our experience, as she must have been working her tail off, and still managed to be relatively attentive and prompt.  

We ordered two kids meals, the lunch portion of the fajitas, and I tried to order the endless enchiladas, but was told they were no longer running that special, even though the ads were still running.  I ordered the enchiladas combo plate for $1 more than the endless.  They gave us tons of chips and salsa, which was OK.  The chips were fresh and the salsa was spicy, but pretty watery.  

When we got our food, it was pretty disappointing.  Very bland, chain-y, nothing thrilling, and not very pleasant textures.  The kids' nachos were just about 6 chips covered in melted cheese, no meat or anything at all to go with them.  The enchiladas didn't seem like they had real tortillas on them, more of a thinly rolled pasta texture.

The bill was the most disappointing part - it cost $7.50 plus tax/tip to get my son's kids meal, which consisted of a handful of chicken nuggets, some refried beans and a "chocolate" milk that was still white.  We paid about $50 for lunch portions of pretty bad food, and not even enough to have leftovers the next day.  Not at all worth it.  I won't be going back unless someone else is paying and really wants to go.