Prepare yourself for an uncomfortable time!

The food here is really good, but the restaurant itself leaves a lot to be desired.  First off, they have a chaotic system of ordering food on one side, then paying on the other side of the room.  It's not a common setup, and it seems you have to be a bit pushy to order your food.  People here seem to ignore you, or people cut in front of you.  It seems either people have bad manners or this restaurant has employees who only respond positively to other spanish speakers.  It could also be that my friend isn't the pushy rude type, but the people taking orders wouldn't acknowledge him.  

I think it's tragic that even though the food is pretty good, but the organization really sucks!  If you want one type of meat, you stand in one line, if you want another, then you have to stand in a different line.  They had 4 different lines!  I wish they would just handle orders in the back.  It's as if they think their employees are too dumb to handle orders of different types of meat.  He might mix up the carne asada with the adobada!  They look totally different, but who cares, my employees are too stupid to tell the difference!

 I really don't get it.  I might expect this sort of chaos at a food truck or an outdoor swap meet, but in a restaurant there's a much better way of running things.  It's not like the way they have things setup makes things faster or easier.  In fact, I could see someone easily ordering food and just walking out without paying because it would be impossible to tell who's paid and who hasn't especially when it is busy which it seems to be  during lunch and dinner hours.

I also found the prices to be a bit high in light of how terrible the service runs.  I'd understand paying more for food in a restaurant that is organized and nice, but with all the chaos and terrible service, I don't know why I"d pay any more than any taco truck.  Overall I'd say stay away unless you find the place mostly empty, then it wouldn't take you forever to order your food.

Also your choices are pretty much taco, tostada, sopa, and carne fries.