Wow expensive for Mexican food.  I know, I know I was in Vegas and it should be expected.

We (my husband and I) were in Vegas for a tradeshow.  I had heard about El Segundo Sol through Yelp, Restaurant.com etc.  So we decided to check it out one day for lunch.  It was mid January but still nice out so we sat outside right by the sidewalk.  That was a mistake, we sat down and within 5 minutes, a bird pooped on my husbands arm.  No I'm not blaming the restaurant for this but it just didn't start off good.  

Waitress shows up to let us know about specials and takes drink orders.  I order a special pomegranate something margarita for $10 and my husband orders a "regular" margarita off the menu at either $8 or $9...  She brings them and okay I'm from Wisconsin and maybe my perspective on a $8-$10 drink is different but it was like a juice glass, like a baby juice glass.  Talk about sipping, because I couldn't convince myself to pay for another at that price.  

We ordered the salsa trio and guac.  Both were very tasty and plentiful.  Seemed fresh, we got to order the guac in mild, medium or hot.  I opted for medium and it did have some good flavors but not overpowering.  I didn't find the prices that bad, $4 for chips and salsa, $10 for guac because it was good, fresh, plentiful.

We both ordered the special lunch which was a trio of tacos (tuna, beef and chicken).  I think each plate was $18 and came with rice and beans.  Food was tasty but just so expensive for what was served.  Also the wait to get the food seemed to take forever. My husband was digging into his rice and beans when low and behold... he found a hair.  Sigh...  Then he had more bird poop in his water glass which he almost drank (until it was almost up to his mouth) because he is not a refined sipper like me.  

I gotta hand it to him, he didn't loose his cool.  He pushed his rice and beans aside and told the waitress very discreetly.  She sent the manager over and they did compensate us for his meal, which they didn't have to do.  I thought that was pretty stand up of them.   

Was the food quality good?  Yes.  Was it worth the $$, time waiting and pain in the butt?  Nope.  If anyone was dead set on going there I would tell them, get the quac, salsa and a bucket of beers.