Steel Cactus is not a Mexican restaurant because it doesn't serve real food. Their food tastes like plastic. Even their chips are gross-- how do you mess up tortilla chips?! I do like the open-air space and cute decor, and have been for drinks a few times. The drinks have always been made well and are tasty, but are seriously overpriced compared to other bars in the area. Every time I have come, I have had to deal with staff with attitudes. Most recently, I had not one, but TWO unpleasant incidents. On a Saturday night around 9:00 PM as things started to get busy, I was ordering from a female bartender who was moving around while listening and ended up next to her coworker, causing me to talk across him (he was taking orders from other customers). The male bartender (shorter guy with piercings, I believe) very rudely snapped at me and was like SHUT UP AND WAIT YOUR TURN, I'M HELPING SOMEONE ELSE. I was appalled that he would talk to a customer like this to begin with, much less one that wasn't even talking to him. I informed him that I was talking to his coworker and that was that. About an hour later, things started to get too wild for my group, so we went to close out our tabs. When I got my bill, I almost toppled out of my bar stool. There were charges for things I did not order and the drinks that I ordered that were on special did not have the discount applied. The girl said her manager decided to cut off the special, but since I had been there for hours and was not aware, they would honor it. I was willing to wait for the manager to come take care of the extra items and drink prices, but luckily the bartender was able to take care of it on her own. So she said/so I thought. Thank goodness I saved my receipt, because when I checked my credit card charges two days later, there was a separate charge for the amount that she "took off" my bill. Rather than remove the items from the check, in an effort to get me to leave and free up the bar stool quicker, she split them off onto a separate check and ran my card twice, only giving me the one receipt for the correct amount. I did call and speak with the manager, who was very understanding and refunded me the unauthorized charges immediately. I am glad the situation was remedied, but I am shocked by the dishonesty and disrespect exhibited by the bar staff at Steel Cactus. Steel Cactus isn't overall awful, but it will never be my pick when it is my turn to pick where to eat/drink.