Food-ok.  Not terrible, not overwhelmingly great either. As a couple of other posters have said, your two enchiladas end up tasting the same after coming out of the oven ( this isn't a factor if you got each enchilada made the same way, but obviously if you have different fillings, meats, and toppings on each, it IS something to consider).

This was my first visit.  No short rib meat, they said it would be available in an hour or two.  This is a huge pet peeve of mine. How do you just "run out" of what is in fact your main ingredients that you advertise right up top on the menu? I get that stuff happens, but I've never understood this in the restaurant business.  Isn't it someone's  job to monitor the meat, coke, utensils, salt, lettuce, whatever the ingredient is, and order more when it gets low? Or at least SHOULDN'T it be, someone's job? Isn't the idea to be able to time it and plan so there is some overlap and you're never just sitting there "out" of something for a few days or even hours? I have no sympathy when this happens because it's easily avoidable with the right kind if oversight and forethought.

Their receipt roller/machine also wasn't working, no receipt.  Not a huge deal, but also not a great first impression thing either.  Also, no  inclusion of silverware with my to-go order, after I had already indicated it was "to go".  There may be plastic utensils there in the restaurant I could have grabbed, I don't know. It was my first time and no one mentioned that, and I didn't notice the lack of included utensils until I got home.

The food is what it usually comes down to, right? As I mentioned, the food here isn't bad, isn't great.  The price of $7.25 isn't bad for what you get (two enchiladas).

The pumpkin cookies  at the register are good, but the fact that you HAVE to buy two at a time ($1.80) and cannot buy one seems wrong. Two of these for $2 (with tax) seems like a bit of a stretch.

Atmosphere was fine, the place was also clean and the  service/attitude if the staff was  fine.

This place is ok.  The Yelp rating description for two stars "Meh.  I've experienced better" is right on target here.