My work was offering discounts for this restaurant and since I had been here roughly 5 years ago, and loved it, I thought it would be fun to take my boyfriend here for dinner. So I purchased one of the gift certificates being offered and we visited the Mesa location last night. Unfortunately, it seems the food and quality has really plummeted since my last visit. 

Service was subpar. While our server did get us everything we needed in a timely manner she wasn't friendly at all. She seemed bored and almost put off by having to even be there. 

The food was...eh. I'm pretty sure our second bowl of chips were left over's from another table. When we first arrived we were given a bowl of very warm chips. As we ran out I watched a manager clear off a table from customers who has just left but they had a full bowl of chips on the table. I watched the manager walk back to the kitchen and within a minute or so our server walked out with a bowl of chips. When I grabbed one it was cold. This tells me the chips on our table didn't come from the same place as the first bowl of warm chips. We didn't touch anymore chips. I'm 100% sure that the shrimp I was given was frozen, and then possibly microwaved. It definitely wasn't freshly cooked shrimp as it was bland, and rubbery. The refried beans are unquestionably canned instead of made fresh. They had that same dry texture and metal taste as the canned variety. My boyfriends carne asada burrito was just that; cooked beef wrapped in a tortilla. No salsa, no sour cream or beans, no onions, no peppers or tomatoes. Nothing was in this tortilla except for cooked beef. I've never seen a burrito that didn't have any other elements to it other than meat. It was strange. We tried the fried ice cream for dessert and they didn't even bother to crush the corn flakes, they just stuck them onto the ice cream whole before slightly frying. Since the cornflakes didn't fry all the way this gave it a terrible, thick, and yet almost stale type of texture. It looked very appealing but it truly was a disappointment compared to other fried ice creams I've had. 

Had it not been for the $25 off we would have definitely complained to the manager. We won't be going back nor will we purchase anymore coupons from my work for this restaurant. Quality and service is just too low compared to the prices they have listed. There are better Mexican restaurants around to choose from.