New Mexico style Mexican food?!? I've never had that, I needs to go to there! And so there I went. Bright-eyed and bushy-tailed declaring this a food adventure. Especially seeing this place so highly rated on Yelp... again, don't believe the hype.

This was a major food fail for the most part. First and foremost, it took about 10 minutes for someone to come by and say hi and take our drink order. Chips and salsa arrived shortly after. The salsa was a bit spicy, which I liked, but my dad and sister don't do spicy, so they only had a quick taste before tapping out.

I ordered a cup of Pozole. It was delicious, heavy on the hominy (which mama likes), and was presented in a large bowl and tasted homemade. 

My little sister ordered a carne asada burrito, refried beans, and rice. I had the stacked enchiladas with carne adovada with calabacitas and whole pinto beans. My dad opted for a combo with a beef enchilada, chile rellano, and a carne asada taco. We also got a side of sopapillas which weren't touched. When the order came out, my dad's taco was MIA. The taco appeared like 20 minutes later and we declined it, they offered to let us take it home, and I did with my left overs.

So let's talk about the food. It was bland and kind of boring. I was expecting more exciting flavors! New flavors, but everything fell flat. The only stand out dish at dinner was the Chile Rellano. It was the dankest of the dank and probably the best one I've ever had, but a Chile Rellano does not a 5-star review make.

Thanks to Yelp, we got a free fried ice cream as we looked over the check. Fried ice cream was great, but it wasn't anything I hadn't had before.

Chile Addiction didn't leave me with even a craving or much to remember them by. I really wanted to like this place. I really want little independent places to make it! I really root for the underdog! I just can't give them more than 2stars. Poor service with less than mediocre food. I'm chopping it up to rookie mistakes. Will venture back, but very under-whelmed (that's the opposite of overwhelmed, right?).