Tonight I had the pleasure of interacting with one of El Hefe's "special" bartenders. He happily took my credit card for my $12 drink. Soon afterwards I was approached by the same bartender with a different card. The bartender insisted that I had gave him a Bank of America card. I've literally never been in a Bank of America in my life. I told the bartender that it was not my card. He looked at me and told me it was my card.

We went back and forth. I told the bartender, who must of been held back in elementary school reading comprehension, that no, I had not given him a red BoA card. Instead I originally gave him a dark grey Wells Fargo credit card. He looked at me and said no, he received two cards in the past few minutes and of the two this Bank of America card was mine. I told him no, I gave him a Wells Fargo card and he would look at me an accuse me of lying to him. He was so confident in himself that he wouldn't even listen to me. What a joke, I could find a better employee at the homeless shelter.

It became such a situation that everyone around me at the bar was literally pulling in my favor. The bartender would say, "no this is your card". And I, along with half the bar would laugh in his face and deny the absurd claim. Finally this bartender realized his mistake. I don't know if it was divine intervention or an actual self reflection but either way I received my credit card back which was a huge relief.

However the story doesn't end there.  I checked my Wells Fargo account soon after this incident. I saw the $12 drink charge, which was expected. However I also saw a $16 charge right next to it! Wow, this incompetent bartender managed to lose my card, find it, then charge it for some fraudulent amount. 

I called Wells Fargo already and they have started their investigation into the matter. I am leaving you this review to consider your decisions before you visit El Hefe Tempe. The next time I visit this bar I will be sure to bring cash and I recommend you do the same.

Edit: I called El Hefe this morning and spoke with Jamie, one of the managers. He looked into it and confirmed that the bartender had charged me for two drinks. He was very understanding and is going to have the GM reverse the charge later today. Because Jamie was very cool about it I am raising my review to 2 stars.