Another place that is a local favorite that I am just not down with.  I will repeat what other reviewers have stated - overpriced.  Meaning, the exorbitant prices are not justified by the quality of the product or the experience.  I am perfectly content with Azteca, Monterrey, etc. - fair prices for a mixture of beans, rice and meat in some form of a tortilla.  

On a Sunday at 11:30, there was a sparse crowd.  We were seated immediately by a guy who was rubber-banding crayons for kids (don't get me started - I am going to start eating at titty bars to avoid breeders and their ill-mannered spawn).  Our server was friendly enough, minimal chatting and kept the fresh drinks coming, so points for that.  

The food:
A small bowl of super-salty tortilla chips, from what I imagine was the bottom of the bag.  Mostly broken pieces, but the waitress did bring a new batch with mostly whole chips once she saw the basket of chip shards/dust.  Served with salsa, which I didn't eat any of to save room for the queso
Queso - $9.50.  That's right - that's a 9.  Almost $10 for a crock of barely melted cheese and a few onions thrown in for texture.  You would think it would taste like cotton candy, sex and hundred dollar bills for $10.  Nope.  Cheese.  Just cheese.  And a couple of onion slices.  Served with warm flour tortillas to go along with our over-salted chips.  It's cheese, so I ate it, but it wasn't in my top 10 queso list.  Putting it in a small, fancy crock with a tea candle under it doesn't justify the 1000% markup.  Fail.  
Carne Asada Steak Burrito - $12.75.  The burrito was HUGE, like took up half of the plate huge.  And while I am a big believer in the theory that size matters, this was a lot of burrito.  I noticed that it was served with slaw, lettuce, tomato, sour cream and guacamole on the side, and being used to the aforementioned mexican joints, I wondered where the rice and/or beans were?  They are stuffed in the giant burrito, along with corn, peas and carrots (?) and the steak (which was fine, nothing special).  It was good.  I ate about 1/3 at the restaurant and ate the rest for dinner.  It reheated well and was okay.

I had not been to Cantina for many years, the last time I went they cilantro'ed the shit out of everything after I had asked for no cilantro.  After yesterday's visit, it will be many more years before I return.