This place was just a waste of time & money. First of all, it's another americanized restaurant serving unoriginal "mexican" food. Food is alright, nothing special. Margaritas are weak. I ordered a large margarita with a double shot. When the waitress brought it out it was really small in size, and tasted like pure margarita mix. Customer service is horrible. All servers I encountered were rude. 

 I ordered the bottomless chips & salsa. They brought out one half empty basket of chips & 1 salsa. I politely told the waitress that I had ordered the bottomless chips with the 3 salsas. She then rolled her eyes and snatched the basket from my table and mumbled a "sorry". 10 minutes later, (still no chips & salsa)  a different waitress comes by and rudely drops a bowl of guacamole, and then walks away. I tried to get her attention before she walked away but she literally just dropped it and took off. Was everyone having a bad day? A few minutes later my original waitress came by and I explained to her what happened, she was half listening and looking in some other direction and just said..
 "Oh,...well ok, so you don't want the guacamole?"
"No, I never ordered it, but I'm still waiting on my bottomless chips"
She picks up the guacamole rolls her eyes and walks away. WTF. I didn't even say it rude or anything. I said it in the sweetest voice I could. I've seen the movie "waiting", I was too scared to piss her off, then later find a loogie in my food. So I let it go.

I finally ordered my food and my super weak margarita. Waited for almost 25 minutes before getting my food. It wasn't even busy! There were maybe three other tables besides mine. By now my patience was wearing thin. I just wanted to eat my crappy expensive food and get out of there. I ate as quickly as possible.  I asked for my check, and again waited a pretty long while. I saw my waitress just standing there chatting with another co-worker, at this time, I've had it. So I went up to the waitress and told her I've been waiting way too long and I needed to go NOW. She handed me the check, and of course she had charged me for the guacamole. I told her...she said she'll fix it.... then she disappeared, and I had to wait 10 more minutes! I don't think I've ever spent this much time in a restaurant trying to "get out". I felt like a hostage. I was just sitting there on an empty table, w/ my doggy bag in my hands. Finally she got back, and I rudely snatched the receipt out of her hands and stormed out.

I can honestly say I'm never going back to that hell hole. The staff needs a serious attitude makeover. They're lucky they got two stars. 1 star for the location and 1 star for the huge and not so bad tasting quesadilla.