I'm kind of split down the middle when it comes to Las Velas' food.  I've visited twice now since they re-opened and I've had both very good food and food that left much to be desired.  

I give two thumbs up for appetizers and desserts.  Their chips and queso are muy yummy.  The chips are a bit thicker than your standard tortilla chip so it stands up to the cheese better, which is really delicious with tomatoes and cilantro mixed in.  I also had a really refreshingly sweet dessert with fried pita chips and vanilla ice cream covered with honey.  Well portioned and very, very good.

However, my one dinner visit was very sub-par.  I ordered the tacos checandole which comes with marinated pork and pineapple.  I was really looking forward to a meal of savory sweetness, but the meal was a huge disappointment.  To start, the tacos came out room temperature, not hot at all or even remotely warm.  The pork was dry and rather tasteless and there was barely any pineapple to compliment the rest of the meal.  Our waiter highly recommended this dish, so I was even more disappointed knowing that the dish had the potential to be really excellent.

Typically for a 50/50 meal experience I would still give a place three stars, but our service was also on the poor side at my last visit as well.  All of the servers are extremely friendly and welcoming, but it seemed like after we were seated and received our drinks, we barely received attention from the wait staff to see how we were doing.  My friend and I devoured our delicious chips and queso we ordered and were all ready to order more (additional charge be damned), but no one ever came over to us between the time we received our appetizer to the time our meals arrived to see if we'd like anything else.  So we receive our meals and about a third of the way through my tacos I'm out of my drink.  So I stop eating and wait for our waiter to come by so I can flag him down for a refill.  So I'm waiting.  And waiting.  And waiting.    I waited 15 minutes, nearly 20, before our waiter finally just happened to walk by our table and notice that my drink was empty.  Mind you he wasn't stopped to check on us, he just happened to notice the empty glass as he whisked by.  So of course by the time I receive my refill my room temperature food had gone completely cold.  Such a disappointing experience for what I feel is really promising restaurant.
Despite my two stars, I know I'll go back to the restaurant.  If anything I'll go back for an evening visit for the lovely view of Market Square from the second floor windows.  But if my future dinner service is anything like my most recent experience, I think the third visit will probably be my last.