Really confused as to how this place has such a great rating. I heard it was awarded one of the top new restaurants in the US. Can't understand that at all. Went here for dinner as I like both sushi and mexican food so I figured how could I go wrong. 

Food:
Started off with the traditional guacamole. It was pretty good, but nothing to write home about. They had a lump crab guacamole as well. In the highly unlikely event that I ever go back, I would try this. 

Got an assortment of sushi rolls- Maya roll (tuna + crispy rice), apple salmon roll, rollo chingon (grilled shrimp + guacamole), and spicy crab roll. They also have a billionare roll which is $50 and has wagyu beef, but as I am admittedly not a billionaire, I have trouble believing the roll is worth it. After we order our sushi, this is where our meal takes a turn for the worse. Normally when you order sushi, they bring out your sushi as it is ready. Not the case here. We were starving and it was over an hour before they brought out any sushi. About an hour and twenty minutes after ordering, they bring out all of our sushi at once. With the exception of the rollo chingon (the fusion grilled shrimp and guacamole roll), everything was horrible. The sushi tasted like it had been sitting for quite a while. I honestly am not sure it would have tasted much better if it had been brought out immediately as it was so bad. Fish tasted very fishy and was just plain gross. The sushi was not overly expensive, but still wasn't worth it. 

Service- On par with the food, the service was not good. We saw our server four times in the two hours we were there and my water was empty virtually the entire time. Most of my frustration has to do with the ticket times (1:20 for food to come out). It was made worse by the fact that I don't believe we saw our server in between when they brought out the guacamole and when they brought out our sushi over an hour later. No communication.

I must be missing something as there is no way I would be back to this place, but it seems most people rave about it. I am thoroughly confused.