Found this place on yelp.  It has a hip vibe and was very crowded at 1 pm on a Saturday afternoon.  Music was annoyingly loud, but we were among the older patrons.  

Following our server's advice, I ordered the pork adobada and carne Asada tacos.  DH ordered those two plus the crispy fish taco.  It took an extremely long time for our plates to arrive.  No employee bothered to tell us our food would eventually arrive.  They give you chips and salsa as soon as you sit.  Salsa looked good but was boring with no distinct flavor.  DH said his meal was perfect.

Unfortunately mine was not. I was given the Adobada and another taco. I asked my husband if the second taco looked like his fish taco and he said no.  I am super careful because I can get anaphylaxsis from cod or snapper.  

I looked for a server, any server, but could not get anyone's attention for a few minutes.   After staring at it I finally bit into a tiny corner of the taco.  It was definitely fish. No anaphylaxis, but a slight itchy allergic reaction.

It took a few more minutes of waving my arm to attract the attention of a server who took the dish away. Finally, our server came over since I had no food.  We  told her I was given a fish taco. She knew I ordered the pork and beef tacos.  She said she would check on my replacement plate

The new plate came with no apology and the tacos were great. They each had a unique flavor with a nice balanced, yet interesting mix of spices. 

It's very sad that neither server expressed concern over the mix up.  People who do not have serious allergies often do not understand that they can kill someone by serving the wrong food.  I stop breathing if I eat certain fish or peanuts.

No offer to do anything except bring me what I ordered after my husband finished his tacos.  Also, the menu said one free side order if you order three tacos.  The server did not mention that to DH.

Then, when the waitress brought our change she shortchanged my husband. He tipped her, but maybe should have skipped the tip so she might realize the service was very poor.

No stars for service and 5 stars for food. If I lived in Phoenix I would probably eat here because the food is that good.  I think they probably have other servers who care more about doing a good job.  However, I haven't tried other Phoenix restaurants of this genre so maybe there are better ones.