Well, THAT was disappointing.  Seriously. Disappointing.  I guess I should start by saying the food tasted good, but it certainly was not WOW good. And for the prices we paid, it was not good enough.

First of all there is no table service. You stand in line to place your order at a counter.  This is something that you expect when ordering / eating fast food, but, again, the prices are ridiculously high for not being a full service restaurant.  OK. So you place your order where you are faced with a somewhat insulting sign that states credit cards are destroying small businesses. As a small business owner myself, accepting credit cards is part of the cost of doing business. Then to use a credit card to pay for your food, you are then charged a RIDICULOUSLY high fee of $1.00 by the cashier.  Look I don't know everything there is to know about credit card processing fees but even when I was selling high-risk services I never paid more than a $0.35 transaction fee + 3%. So for a $6 meal of two tacos, worst case, Guedo's is paying $0.53. But, unless they are really business-stupid, and they are actually paying these high fees for a low-risk business like food service. They are significantly gouging their customers who want to pay with a credit card. Then, to add insult to injury, the credit card slip has a place to add a tip.  A tip? For what? Taking my order, that you're not even going to deliver to my table? 

So, we place our order and find a seat. The restaurant is dark and while there seems to have at some point been an effort at making the place seem festive, with a Taco Beach kind of theme, now the darkness seems to be intentionally aimed at hiding how run-down the place feels. A large open floor space area near the kitchen in the front of the house has a bunch of stuff stored on the floor out in the open. It just looks like they have completely given up. 

All of that could have been overlooked, though, if the food had been worth it. I ordered two tacos, which they charge $3 each for. My date's burrito was about $7. Now, these prices would not be too bad if there was some semblance of quantity.  My $3 tacos were the size of street-vendor tacos. Two small tortillas with some meat added.  That's it. Honestly, you can get these for $1 to $1.50 anywhere else and there would be way more meat between the sheets.  It was pitiful looking down at these two little tacos not even half-filled.   My date's $7 dollar burrito was the size of something you get at Del Taco for less than half the price. A plain tortilla wrapped around (again) a minimal amount of meat, beans, sauce, etc.  

The flavor of the food was good but not nearly good enough to justify these prices.

This was such a disappointing lack of food, that after eating everything we received, we ended up heading next door to the fast-food burger joint to get some food to fill us up.  How sad is that?

This place came highly recommended to us, and while I agree the food is tasty, I have no plans to return.  And based on how few customers were there, I suspect others have come to the same conclusion.