The location is beautiful and interior has a unique touch so it has a lot of promise to be a great daytime business lunch or a cozy dinner date. 

We were just at the Premium Outlets next door and Yelperazzi needs some drinks. 

There were three different waiters coming to our table at first and that's a lot of milling about when they don't coordinate with each other. One already talked to us about drinks, another took our order, another wanted to give us menus and take our order again. The ordering waiter was pushing hard for us to get appetizers when we were going to just try a drink and sit here deciding our next venue. We were just left alone after given drinks and complimentary chips until we were brought a check. 

I got the Mundo Martini - Elnino said mine tasted like mountain dew blue. I've never had that, but the blue curacao and pineapple definitely come through and it's a sweet drink. I liked mine, but it wasn't the most palette tantalizing drink out there.

The Sassy Senority Margarita went to our sassy gal Lily. It has prickly pear in it and the juice was going bad which made the "feet" taste. We suggest they taste check their juices periodically. 

Elninos drink, the Paloma had grapefruit in it, but I barely tasted it since it seems they didn't put juice- just a fruit slice. It was strong alcohol if you drink from one part of the drink and then water on the other. Mixed up well since the flavors weren't together and then it was watered down vodka with a grapefruit in it. 

El Andys probably was the most "complex" in fragrance, but still was more sweet than anything. Still, the Spanish Kiss wasn't even a peck on the cheek. 

All our drinks were $8-$11 which is a theft for drinks that didn't impress.(Sorry and thanks El Andy). Shoulda went to Herbs&Rye for a cocktail! 

 So this isn't our spot for drinks it seems but I'll give them another try for Happy Hour appetizers and also I have a GC for dinner so I'll save the next review for the most important items- the food. For now, I think for the weirdly enthusiastic, pushy service turned cold to the subpar drinks the 2 I think is fair.