We live in Litchfield Park, but took the trip to Scottsdale based on this place's reputation. The building and decor are super nice in a throwback Spanish mission sort of way. The separate "tequilleria" and patio are attention getting. since it was 119 degrees, we sat inside. 

That is where the fun ended. 

We ordered chips and salsa for $5. No big deal, but where else do you pay for that in any sit down joints anymore? They do bring out fresh tortillas, gratis, but we didn't know that and it's not mentioned on the menu.

The menu is pretty limited and oh so pricey. $15.00 for two a la cart tacos. Holey Moley, they better be stuffed with caviar. There is no taco on the planet worth $7.50 (maybe worth $7 :-)) and I have had some great tacos. These are not those tacos.

The fish tacos were under seasoned portions of Mahi Mahi. The fish itself was not seasoned at all and actually had a fishy taste. Not pleasant. It was served with radishes rather than coleslaw which was interesting and the crema which was tasty. But as a whole, it was bland and underwhelming even after adding the accompanying sauce.

We also had the bacon wrapped spicy meatloaf on garlic mashed potatoes. Served with a zippy red pepper sauce and tree trunk sized asparagus. The sauce was very tasty, the meatloaf was tender and not  dry. There was something so rich in the meatloaf itself, that after 3/4 of one slice, I couldn't eat anymore of it. It just began to turn my stomach. The potatoes were cooked really well and had some nice flavor, but needed salt. That was funny, because there was no salt on the table. The asparagus was well cooked and still had some snap, but like the potatoes, it was under seasoned.

We ordered the banana stuffed fried tortilla in blackberry reduction and were disappointed there too. The tortillas were overstuffed with banana, so that you couldn't enjoy the crunchy texture of the cinnamon crusted tortilla. It just became mush. The reduction was not "reduced" and was runny, but tasty. 

For three of us, the tab totaled over $85 before tip. That included 2 bud lights, which WERE cold and refreshing. 

All said, the environment is far more interesting than the food. The place's reputation is undeserved at half the price!