Came for the 1/2 off happy hour around 5 on a Fri. My friend had made a reservation for a group of about 8 or so.

I left around 9 I think. By that time it had gotten pretty crowded & then even died down a tad.

Spent some time on the patio which I actually liked.

Also, the music is pretty quiet for a place like that & I noticed a few songs I like.

Drinks:
I got a regular house margarita, frozen with salt. It tasted pretty good. Came in a style glass they serve beer in. That was a little strange to me for this kind of place. If I get a margarita I like it in a margarita glass, darn it! :( regularly $6 & 32 oz is $11
Moved on to try The Plata-Pom-A-Rita on the rocks. According to their menu it's "Hornitas Plata shaken w/ Dekuyper Pomegranate & Triple Sec. topped w/ a splash of cran." I almost died of sweetness at first. Phwew! regularly $7 & 32 oz is $13
They have this thing where they make a bunch of noise while 4 people get up on a table or the huge bar to take shots from 4 glasses stuck to a board. I thought I heard it costs about $16. I thought it was stupid though. Whatever...

Service:
The girl that served us was pretty ditzy. Poor thing... Girls were taking orders & a few guys would rush out with the food. I noticed a few of the girls looking quite lost sometimes but the guys hustled their butts! I was even almost handed someone else's bill. Say what?!
1 of the guys in the group was drinking a tap beer. Our server came up behind him when he was talking & before we could stop her she swooped it up when he wasn't done with it. That pissed us off. It's not coke. There are no free re-fills!

Food:
Someone ordered a cheese crisp looking thing when I was away for a bit. I came back & it looked pretty gross. I didn't even try it.
A guy sitting close to us got a pretty good looking burrito though & some other stuff. Don't remember what it was but I remember thinking, "That looks really good!"

Restrooms:
The girls restroom had a crap ton of fliers EVERYWHERE! It was ridiculous since most of them ended up underfoot. Kinda slippery & treacherous if you ask me.
Also, the girls room is just past the mens. There was a guy sitting propping the mens room door wide open the whole time we were there. Yeah, I accidentally saw a couple dudes pissing. Ick!