So I want to premise this by stating that I am not someone that goes to a restaurant trying to hate the food, especially Mexican food which has always been one of my favorites, but if your going to open a Mexican food joint in AZ you better be on point...

My sister and I went here on the advice of some friends, the restaurant was clean, the service was good, we were seated immediately,  we basically had our choice of seats because the restaurant was empty, literally empty.  They brought out the chips and salsa, this to me an important first impression for any good Mexican food restaurant, if your trying to claim that you make great Mexican your salsa better be awesome, it wasn't...they offered three different kinds, a mild with corn, black bean, and tomato, that pretty much all looked and tasted like they came out of a can, a green that was decent, and a red salsa that was really watery, the flavor was okay but the consistency was really watered down and not terribly appealing.  At least the chips were fresh, like I said at this point I'm still looking for things to like lol.

I ordered the "Farmers Burrito" with the adovada pork, our waitress said that anything with the pork was awesome.  It wasn't terrible (thus the two stars) it was just really bland, the pork tasted a lot like something my grandma would make in a crock pot (sorry grandma lol) but you know what I'm saying, just very bland, it had tomatoes, corn, and cheese in it also, I think it was just their "mild salsa" which again kind of tasted to me like it came of a can. 

My sister had the taco salad, also with the adovado pork and it was also very bland, even the dressing which was supposed to be some kind of a pablano ranch dressing just didn't have much flavor.  and tasted more like lettuce than anything else.

Mexican food has long been one of my favorites because it lends itself to great flavors, more than just spice, but great southwestern flavor, in my opinion La Ristra just missed the mark.  I'm surprised by the other reviews on here, and maybe they were just having an off day, but I'm not sure I'll be back to find out.  I hope they improve,  I love small businesses, and never want to see anybody fail but a Mexican Food joint in this market better be killing it, and this just didn't do it for me...