The ONLY reason this place earned 2 stars was for the service.  

We were greeted by John, the bartender after sitting for a few minutes, I can only assume that was his name as this is the name that appeared on my receipt. 

I will say John was extremely attentive to a group to my left and a group to my right, but somehow we were missed. The couple to my left were complaining about something because not only did the chef come out to speak with them but the manager as well. I guess that might be what it takes to get service in this place. Another thing I didnt like is that John was drinking ont he job, he had a shot of something with the group of men to my right. BAD!!!

As for the decor the lighting was bad, I had to use the flashlight on my phone to read the menu. The menus lacked description of how the item is prepared but did list all the ingredients. The feel of the place was very casual and relaxed. Although VERY loud, your typically Mexican home during dinner time. 

The food was different than anything I have experienced. Not your typical Mexican food. I would not even call it Mexican, more like a mexi-fusion of some sort. 

The chips and salsa were were given, were heavenly. The chips were light, not too oily but not too thin that they crumble while dipping. The salsa was a blend of roasted tomatoes and green chili. Not too spicy but could have used a little salt, Overall very good. 

My husband had a shrimp dish that he was over the moon about, the shrimp was cooked to perfection and sat atop a bed of sausage, potato and other veggies. 

I ordered the pollo de horno, as the menu did not give a detailed description I was not sure what I was getting other than chicken. when it arrived, I have to say, I was taken aback by the presentation, it was served in a paper package, wrapped with banana leaves. The chicken was 2 pieces, a leg and a thigh, in a  poblano sauce with squash and onion, The chicken was so tender and flavorful, my mouth is watering as i write this review. 

The down side to the meal was that the sides are served family style. The small, and I do me small platter of rice and beans was not enough for 2 people, I seriously thought a 2nd platter would be brought since we ordered 2 entrees. the rice had great texture and flavor. I would say almost as good as my own. The beans were tasty too and I am quite picky with my bean, If they are not my Tia Jenny's forget it. These were pretty good, Sorry Tia. 

I might try this place again, maybe sit at a table and not the bar. this place is rather small and the lay out looked like it catered to larger crowds, so I thought sitting at the bar would be easier and they could serve more customers. Boy was I wrong.