Javiers usually provides a great food experience at thier other locations. In my opinion, don't waste your time even considering the Las Vegas location. It ranks far below the quality and service standards of the other Javiers locations. I've been to several of Javiers locations including Newport Beach, Irvine, and Las Vegas. 

My favorite dishes are the Cabo Azul, and the Mole Poblano. I also usually splurge on a few tamarind margaritas as well.  I have had these dishes often enough to know when they are prepared properly and when the kitchen is cutting corners.

On this visit my wife decided to split the Cabo Azul. It is described as: "A Maine lobster enchilada in a creamy pasilla sauce, a grilled chile relleno stuffed with Monterey Jack cheese, shrimp and fresh Dungeness crab topped with a light relleno sauce, and a shrimp taco on a flour tortilla prepared Ensenada style. Served with refried black beans and white rice."

When we got the dish, we were starved, even though we stuffed our faces with far too many chips with salsa. The dish was not as hot as it usually is. We just figured it sat under the warming lamps too long as the service was a little slow. We decided I would eat the shrimp taco, her the lobster enchilada and we would split the Chile Relleno. We also had 3 Tamarind Maragaritas at $18 a piece.

While we were eating the waitress came by to see how things were. Even though thedish wasn't as hot as I expected, I was fine with it and gave her an 'it's fine' grunt just wanting her to go away.

I grunted too soon. When my wife and I got to splitting the "grilled chile relleno stuffed with Monterey Jack cheese, shrimp and fresh Dungeness crab topped with a light relleno sauce" I was immediately disappointed. It was very difficult to cut the chile, as it cold and wasn't cooked at all. I managed to saw off a section and give it a try anyway. There was little to no cheese, the shrimp were no where to be found, the fresh Dungeness crab resembled and tasted like imitation Krab meat, and the sauce tasted like Cambells mushroom soup. I got the impression that they had a pile of ungrilled split Chiles in the kitchen where the chef grabs an icr cream scoop full of Krab filling and flings inside the Chile, spills some muchroom soup over it and trys to pass it off as Cabo Azul. Pure crap. 

We complained to our waitress about that portion of the dish (when in reality it was all pretty much sub-par). She took our plates away, no doubt destroying the evidence. She returned again in a little while with our bill that had no adjustment for the crappy chile relleno. She was suprised that we expected something and meekingly squeaked that she thought the manager had already come by. So she scurried off to get the manager (again). 

We waited what seemed like an eternity until 2 managers came by to set us straight about the order. There was a snooty middle-aged blonde woman and a young concern-feigning hispanic gentleman riding shotgun. She proceeded to scold us over not calling out the problem with the food when the waitress came by the first time (roughly 2 minutes after she set the plates down), and that we had ate some of the meal so it must have been good for us at the time. In her mind we were supposed to inspect and taste each portion of the plate and be ready sign a contract of acceptance moments after being given our meal. When we pointed out that might be a tad unreasonable, the hispanic gentleman explained that he would adjust the bill for that portion of the meal. Lets do some quick math and see what a reasonable person would expect. In Las Vegas the Cabo Azul is $36. Its made up of a Lobster Enchilada, a Dungeness Crab Chile Relleno, and a Shrimp Taco.  I would value them as Lobster: 14, Relleno 12, Taco 10.  They managed to give us a $6 credit.

We've been to this location twice now. Like I said, the others are far superior. There are far too many other places to go to in Las Vegas that take pride in thier meal preparation to ever bother going here again.