I don't know if this place changed ownership in the last two yrs but it sure has changed....for the worst.  I do like the decor and the dress of servers. I like the story of Frieda on the wall. It encourged me to watch a movie about her, which was very good. I found this place about 2 1/2 yrs ago. Way across town from where I live but I went there for the ambiance and food.  It was very good the first second and third time I ate there. Then last spring I went with my daughter. They had done remodeling and removed this cool palapa bar that used to be inside. This time the food was bad. My daughter didn't like her food, I didn't like my enchiladas which I had liked on previous occasions. Today I went in and ordered the special...flautas. He asked me chicken or beef. I asked to have one of each, he seemed confused. Then he asked me flour or corn tortillas. I said I thought Flautas were flour tortillas. He said OK flour. At that moment I knew he only knew enough English to get by. I thought taquitos were corn and flautas were flour? I get the plate of food. The rice andbeans were actually good this time. The flautas were very small. Every other restaurant I have ordered Flautas, they come with sour cream and guacamole. Not these. As plain as could be. I like salsas but theirs was bland and watery. My boyfriend ordered chicken fingers...I know...he wasn't very hungry. They guy tried to tell him that was the children's menu. My boyfriend pointed it out on the menu to the waiter, that it was not on the children's menu. He walked away and came back saying it was OK, he could have the chicken fingers. They were just like a cheap box brand of frozen chicken nuggets. He said they were horrible and refused to eat them. They did take the 8.99 off the bill. Another thing that has changed is the entire menu and the prices for lunch and dinner are the same. They used to have mon-fri lunch menu. Not anymore. The prices are ridiculous. $13-$26 with the average price around $20. Used to be able to get a nice combination lunch for $8.99 to $9.99 average. I want to know if they did indeed change ownership. What I do know is I will never go back to eat there.