We went here on Taco Tuesday ($2 tacos), mainly because the first restaurant we wanted to eat at was closed.  We were greeted by our server, who immediately tried to push alcoholic drinks on us.  We came here at lunch time on a weekday, so I wasn't really in the mood to get hammered, but we did order some aguas frescas instead (Horchata and jamaica, it was either 5 or 6 dollars).  They were a hefty price, but it was served in a very large glass.  My horchata was OK, it had decent flavor and was fairly refreshing.  The jamaica was very concentrated, so if you like a lot of tangy hibiscus flavor this is the drink for you.  

We ended up ordering a variety of tacos, but not before our server tried to push some guacamole (Around $6) on us.  We didn't really want any at first, but she insisted that it was some of the best guacamole ever and was one of the best appetizers in the house.  Soo.... we begrudgingly accepted, since we wanted to see what the hype was about.  When we got the appetizer, it was in a tiny little bowl, and covered with pomegranate seeds.  It tasted OK, and was made with fresh ingredients, but I can honestly make fresh guacamole like this at home with bigger portions for way cheaper.  

The tacos were small, like street taco size.  They came on a single small corn tortilla, and were piled high with filling.  I would have liked to see them use 2 tortillas on top of each other for stability, because I couldn't really hold the tacos in my hand to eat them.  Because they were so full, and the ingredients were a bit juicy, they would fall off while the tortilla fell apart as soon as I picked it up.  Sadly, I had to actually eat most of the tacos with a fork and knife like a gringo.  I do appreciate the generous amount of filling that was in them though, but at taquerias I've been to they typically double the street taco tortillas for this very reason.  As for the ingredients themselves, they have some unusual ones here you won't find at other Mexican restaurants, which I appreciate, but on the whole I didn't find the tacos too great taste-wise.  I had some huitlacoche tacos, a first for me, but the whole kernels of fungus-infected corn popped in my mouth as I ate them with a gooey, mushy texture on the inside, with not much flavor.  It wasn't too pleasant of a experience taste and texture wise; I felt like I was eating a bunch of pus.  Perhaps if they were chopped into smaller pieces rather than whole kernels it would have tasted better, since a big kernel on a small taco can overwhelm the whole dish.

Additionally, our server was fairly attentive, as long as there was something for her to push on us.  But, when it came time to get the check, she was no where to be seen, and we had to wait a very long time before anyone came over to our table.  

So the mixture of very pushy service combined with tacos that were memorable in all the wrong ways make me hesitant to try this restaurant again when I can get really tasty Mexican food for way cheaper at other places in the East Valley.