I'm really growing tired of Strip restaurants and Tacos and Tequila didn't help the cause.  Small portions of cruddy food at outrageous prices- no wonder I never eat on the Strip anymore!

Anyway, I wound up here because I had a restaurant.com coupon, their menu appeared to have vegetarian-friendly items, and I was going to see The Australian Bee Gees next door at Excalibur.  We had an hour to eat to be on time for the show; we knew we'd be cutting it close but figured we would be fine since we are always quick to order our meals.

Well we wound up with some space cadet server who looked like he was just forced to run sprints for the last hour.  When asked if he knew for sure if the veggie items were truly vegetarian (no lard, chicken stock, etc) he had no idea.  He said he thought the beans were cooked in lard.  I found this odd because they were black beans but I didn't order them to be on the safe side.  I ordered the veggie enchiladas and my husband ordered the veggie tacos.  Both came with a side of rice (we nixed the beans).

Then we waited forever for our food.  And we waited forever for our refills.  Once I stopped our waiter, who was holding a pitcher of water, and asked if I could have a refill.  He acted put off by my request which ticked me off considering he was holding the water right in his hands!  Really, it troubles you to that much to pour me some water for three seconds?

The food finally came out and it was tiny.  Two tiny enchiladas and three of the smallest tacos I've ever seen in my life.  They tasted fine, but for some reason I had this odd taste of pork fat in my mouth....I could have just been paranoid from what our server said earlier but who knows.  Also, I can almost guarantee the rice had chicken stock in it.

We scarfed our food down and waited and waited again, this time for our check.  We got out of there as fast as we could and arrived at The Bee Gees precisely two minutes late.  Sweet.

For vegetarians: Don't come here until you've called and talked to a manager to know for sure what is veg-friendly.  

For non-vegetarians staying on the south end of the Strip who want to party like a tourist and have extra cash on hand to spend and don't want to walk to Margaritaville: This place could be fun to get some incredibly overpriced drinks and eat a few tacos.

For everyone else: Think twice before coming here.