Am I allowed to rate La Condesa below four stars? I would've hoped not, but my experience didn't seem to rate as high as expected. 

My daughter and I met some friends here for a late lunch on a Saturday. The building isn't in the most amazing part of town, but I suppose it adds to the charm. The inside is small and very clean, and I was surprised to find that it's full service. According to older reviews, it was order at the window and grab a seat; a concept I would have preferred in this setting. 

The salsa bar is expansive and varied, but I didn't find myself to be head over heels for any one in particular. Props for the creativity, but like another reviewer mentioned, I would rather have three killer salsas to choose from than several mediocre ones. Chips were included though, which was nice. 

We each ordered an horchata ($4) and holy moses was it huge. Like, too huge. I couldn't finish half of it. It was pretty tasty and not overly sweet, but there was just too much of it. I would have appreciated the option for a smaller (and cheaper) amount.

For lunch we ordered the kiddies a Traditional Quesa ($7) to split, which happened to be a massive cheese-stuffed, deep-fried corn meal quesadilla. There was plenty of cheese, but also a ton of corn meal (eh, too much corn meal). 

Also ordered was a taco combo plate ($8.79) with La Condesa Mahi Mahi and Carne Asada Tacos, a La Condesa Shrimp Taco, and Mole Burrito. The Mahi Mahi and Shrimp tacos were stuffed with an incredible amount of filler veggies and the Mahi Mahi was a bit dry. The Shrimp taco was flavorful and much better, I thought. The Carne Asada taco was dry and had little flavor. The beans were good, the rice just okay (I understand they're prepared "traditionally")...and were both served in TINY styrofoam containers on the side. For $8.79 a plate, it was totally not worth it. The Mole Burro was okay, but I think that's just because I'm not a huge fan of mole to begin with. Perhaps we ordered the wrong items, but I feel like it was pretty varied and nothing over-delivered. 

2 horchatas, a combo plate, one taco, one quesa and one burro set us back...drum roll please... $40 (not including tip). Definitely not what I'd call "cheap street food". Sure, they throw "gourmet" into the mix, but I'm not quite sure I'd call it that. Will I be back to La Condesa? Most likely not.