There was no parking available out front, so we drove around to the side street to see if we could get to the "additional parking in the rear."  We took a chance and turned down a one lane dirt driveway behind some houses.  Bingo!  

They have a walkway ramp that leads to the dining area in the back of the restaurant.  When we stepped just inside the door we were immediately greeted by an intense and humid heat.  There was zero air flow in the dining area, and it was quite stifling.  Like another reviewer, Brian T., mentioned you don't know if you should sit down, wait, stand around with your finger up your nose or what.  Everyone who is already sitting at tables looks up at you curiously, and I couldn't help but wonder if we were just gigantic dorks.  

I flagged down a waitress who said it would be 1 to 5 minutes before we were seated.  Ok, progress.  But as I'm watching her, she actually went over to one occupied table and asked them to move to another table.  Then she had us sit at their table.  Why?????  I felt kind of awkward and tried not to look in their direction after that.  

We ordered a steak chimichanga, chili relenos, potato gordita, and a steak gordita.  They were just ok.  I grew up in California, and I have Mexican friends who taught me some of their authentic Mexican cooking, so I wasn't falling down and convulsing with glee over what we had here.  I definitely wouldn't say it's the best you can find in Madison.  In fact, I'd say it's similar to what you can find just about anywhere in Madison.  

After we finished our meals, we waited and waited and waited for a check.  We were sweating because of the overheated dining area, and really just wanted to get the heck out of there.  Check eventually arrived, but not before my dining companion started to have a mini meltdown.   He stood up from the table and looked like he was either going to pass out or start chewing on his shirt like a weirdo.  I was going to send him outside to spare the other patrons, but then I saw the waitress coming with the check and we were all saved.  

There were just too many problems here, and the food certainly wasn't worth all of the hassle.  So to all of you reviewers who feel like they are having a religious experience when you go here because its just so good, I say "enjoy" because I don't wanna!