It seems you only get base model features for a luxury price at Rudy's. 

Rudy's Burritos does NOT live up to its hype! These overinflated ratings are proof that the far East Valley is still yearning for a quality Southern-California style burrito joint to deliver great border-town Mexican fancy and spiced-up comfort food at a price that's reasonable. Unfortunately, Rudy's does not succeed in the eyes (and mouth) of this experienced burrito-shack groupie. 

I walked into this small eatery with high hopes. I love all shapes and sizes of Mexican food establishments, from hole-in-the-walls to name-brand franchises to street-side food carts. Nothing gets me more excited than a lonely burrito shop squeezed into the obscure corner of a strip mall. On the outside, Rudy's had everything going for it...a basic store front, minimal signage, and a small patio with only a couple tables and some wobbly, weather-worn chairs. Definitely one of my favorite sights! 

However, I was thrust back into the world of the mundane once I encountered the unenthusiastic staff of 2 women running the place the night I went. Both women failed to greet my party, even when it was our turn at the counter to order, and with only 1 person ahead of us, who herself had ordered just 1 burrito and a handful of street tacos "to go", it managed to take the elder of the 2 employees (the only one actually cooking) nearly 20 minutes to serve the first customer and start preparing our food. Thankfully, we were not in a hurry!

While I didn't go in expecting anything life changing, I did hope for more than the bland, boiled shredded beef and sparsely "filled" burritos and tacos we received.  I was also charged for guacamole that they couldn't provide and they refused to give me a refund, even though it was only 50 cents!  Ultimately, there wasn't enough uniqueness at the heart of any of the dishes we tried to make them memorable and the prices felt completely unjustified.  I'm happy to spend double what we spent here on a good quality burrito, so believe me when I say the "comida" is not worth the cost!  Between the food, the prices and the (lack of) service, I felt completely cheated out of the unique food experience that I had hoped for. 

In the end, the food was average, the delivery was plain, the atmosphere was nearly hostile and both the décor and service were less than flattering.  I left with the realization that I could have spent the same money elsewhere and received better food and a better experience overall. 

It's on to the next burrito joint for me...