I think there's a lot to be said about this place and it's difficult to know where to begin. Went on a Saturday night around 10pm, cover was $5 and the place was packed with what seemed to be a regular party crowd. 

It's very difficult to pin this place. From what I could tell it's a restaurant by day, nightclub by night. Great concept, but a little shaky in practice. When you first walk in, there's a bar that spans the whole length of the place so I guess that shows you where their priorities lie. There is also a second bar outside for those willing. The proprietors were also kind enough to provide a large fan (the kind you see on the field at football games with the connection to the hose to keep you extra cool) so should you choose to come here you will more than likely be pretty cool outside. There is also a dance floor and the music is not bad, although it's nothing to call home about. 

Something the owners seem to have taken to heart is the name of the place as they have been kind enough to sprinkle the outdoor patio with sand. Now, normally I would have no problem with this, but there's the minor detail that we happen to be about 400 miles away from the nearest ocean. There's something slightly off-putting about having sand on the ground at a nightclub.

I need to finally comment on the caliber of gentlemen who seem to frequent this place. Normally, I wouldn't comment, but in this case I feel like it should at least be mentioned. At the beginning of the night, a man was at the bar and turned around and elbowed my friend's drink. He appeared to be unfazed as his drink was alright and did not bother to apologize to her. When I appeared shocked that he didn't have any common courtesy he, of course, got in my face. That is, after all, the gentlemanly thing to do. Later in the night, two forty-something guys were hitting on my friends. They were about as subtle as a jumbo jet landing -- that is to say, they weren't. They unabashedly proclaimed their intentions despite my friends repeated rebukes. 

It should also be noted that the bouncer-to-patron ratio is very high. I'm not sure what the owners expect to take place, but the bouncers were gruff and not very polite despite the fact that we had done nothing wrong. 

This place was very packed, but I think that stemmed more from the fact that it was a Saturday night and less from the fact that this place is a genuinely cool place to hang out. I regret to say that my friend made a poor choice in choosing her birthday location and given the choice, I will not be returning.