Typical suburbanite "Mexican" food with no fresh ingredients. If you're looking for something like Macayo's, but less tasty, this is your spot. It was very crowded today, which was a good sign. I saw tons of seniors here (that makes sense, given the name), and it's because they have a huge senior menu for them. They come from a time where food was not nearly this fake, so I refuse to believe they actually think this is good stuff.

Let's get the good stuff out of the way--the bar. $3 margaritas made with 1800 tequila? Perfectly blended in a 12 oz.. cup? Yes, please! It's awesome seeing a happy hour on Sunday afternoon, so this was a pleasant surprise. They also had the "cerveza rita", served in a goblet with a coronita (7 oz. corona bottle) stuck in it. Outside of the blended drinks, it looked like nothing special. You're out of your mind if you think I'm paying $17 for a bottle of Sutter Homes. Most of their wine list is the swill I'd use for wine pong, but that's another story.

The chips and salsa were decent. The hot stuff is one of the better salsas I've had in the valley, perhaps it was made with smoked poblano? I want to buy a bottle for myself. The seven layer dip was tolerable since I was so hungry. refried beans, ground beef, sliced green chili, sour cream, guac, and of course, cheese sauce. Perhaps the seventh layer was the suspicious film on the dip when it was brought to our table. Questionable.

My entree arrived, and I was disappointed just by looking at it. Why did the beans already look dry? Perhaps they were overcooked? It was as if they were sitting under a heat lamp for quite some time. The rice was decent, but also dry. My fajita chicken chimi looked a bit...narrow, and the tortilla didn't look properly fried. I freaking love chimichungas, so I had to dig in post haste! 

Most disappointing chimi I've ever had. Once during finals week, I was so busy that I bought some fajita chicken in a bag, complete with the fake grill marks. I recognized the taste right away, and proceeded to dissect my meal. There were cubes and 'strips' of chicken...and eureka! The fake grill marks. At home, this is tolerable in a pinch. For $11 at arrowhead? This is a piece of shit!

If you EVER see me check in here, it's for the tapas and margaritas during happy hour. I'll be sitting at the swank bar, flirting with some octogenarian's daughter who came here against her will. Outside of that, Abuelo's ain't up to snuff

Bar-3.5
Food-1