STAY AWAY - The food has an amazing flavor and the restaurants offers a unique atmosphere.  However, the restaurant is located in a terrible spot along the main road.  The parking situation is so limited with poor entry signage in fine print.  It can get one feeling very agitated and frustrated.  The valet staff was blasting cars out of the driveway and I would not want them parking my vehicle.  I can park my own vehicle but, there is not much place to park.  Once we got thru the obstacle course and made it into the compound things went more sour.  The hostess seemed excited to quote 45 minute wait at Richardson's and sent us over to check at Rokerij with a longer wait of an hour. Imagine that, all on a Tuesday night. It wasn't even a weekend. I know it says something for the food.  Although, it isn't that large of a place.   In any case, we all just left and went somewhere else.  As a result, I found a great taco shop with great service.  This isn't the first time I've been to Richardson's where I encountered this type of situation but, this is the first time I decided I should write about it.  I was not real pleased with the way the hostess and staff interacted.  Richardson's staff seem to think it is a privilege for me to eat at the establishment and give my business.  In any case, I left dissatisfied and very hungry.  Lets just say I would not go out of my way to recommed this place.  I would recommend Richardson's if you can make reservations and walk there or if you don't mind waiting an hour and half to be seated for dinner.  Perhaps some people are more lucky with better service.  If you are visiting there anyway, maybe try going early.  As I mentioned, the food is amazing but, the service experience might not be so great.  You might even get bad table service from a snotty server like I did on a previous visit a few months back. I gave Richardson's several months before I decided to return back and now this. Now, I'm really not in a hurry to return.  Well they probably won't miss the business anyway.  Did anyone else notice it took some other yelp reviewer people up to 11 years to return?  I wonder why?   If you read this and decide to visit anyway,  maybe you'll have better luck than I have.  If not,  don't say I did not warn you. Good Luck!