So my boyfriend and I decided to visit this location after being thrilled with the recent facelift and menu upgrades to the Salty's in Scottsdale. Unfortunately and fortunately, our mediocre at best experience here has also reminded me to leave the Scottsdale location a stellar review (sorry Peoria!). 

We went on a Sunday and this place was ghost town dead. At first impression, this place seems like a cool hangout for weekend get togethers, but upon further look, you can definitely tell this place is in serious need of a facelift. The columns are missing chunks of tile, the tables and barstools have seen better days and are falling apart, and one of the tvs we couldn't tell if it was just old or if there was some dried substance running down it. Overall the place just looks dark and dirty. On to the food....

The menu at this location is not the same updated menu from the Scottsdale location but still has similar dishes. We opted for "tableside" guac (our favorite), and the fundido. The appetizers came out lightening fast, which you would think is a good thing, but it was almost too fast. The guac was brought out to us rather than made tableside  and had brown oxidation and oil separated from the dip like it had been sitting out all day. You could tell from the taste as well it was not fresh. The fundido was similar, like congealed velveeta that had been sitting out too long. We also had to separate some chips out from our basket because they were soggy with oil. For entree we shared a 6 taco basket with chicken tinga, grilled steak, the mahi taco, and the breaded fish taco. My boyfriend described the tinga as "alright" and while the flavor of the steak was good, the pieces were minced so small that the texture was unappealing, almost like dog food. The chipotle crema saved the mahi taco but I think the taco was missing avocado slices, I couldnt remember from the menu if that was supposed to be included or not. The breaded fish taco was okay but was missing both avocado and sauce as described which was disappointing. Unfortunately, we're now both at home with upset stomachs, headaches, and nausea :(

On the brightside, our server was nice and checked in on us often. No complaints there. Unfortunately this wasn't enough to convince us to return though; next time we'll probably go back to the Scottsdale location. It's sad, this place has so much potential I feel like they are just not taking advantage of.