Two stars you ask? Yes I am disappointed I had to put two stars! I was ready to get my food socks rocked off. Incorrect. 

We went on Saturday night with a monstrous group. 4 children and about 10 adults. We had a rsvp at 7:00, and we were immediately seated. Great! And then it all went down-hill. The children were starving, so we ordered food for them asap (chicken fingers and fries). It took about 45 minutes for the food to come out. It was bizarre. I wonder if they were making the fingers from scratch (egg, flour, shake-and-bake breading, and then frying). They did not seem extraordinary, so I highly doubt that. Luckily, our adult food appetizers had come out a little earlier. 

For apps, we got two servings of guacamole and fundido. the guacamole was NOT made table-side. that's the whole point of ordering guacamole! I see the other reviewers got theirs made table-side. I am super jealous. I am an avid lover of guac. I get it at almost every restaurant if it is on the menu. However, this was missing something. I think the avocados were not super ripe. Anyway, it wasn't that good. I had about two chips and called it quits. The fundido was unique: melted cheese served with hot tortillas. You spread the cheese onto the tortilla, roll it up, and eat it. Fun concept. Everyone raved about the cheese. A little greasy, but fun nonetheless. It was a little tricky to spread the cheese onto the tortilla, so perhaps recruit someone at the table to work the fundido station.

I got the tempura sea bass (not on the online menu. the server said it replaced the: "scallop and pork belly"). Basically, it was a whole fish (yes, head and tail included) covered in tempura batter. The overwhelming tempura batter drowned out any sea bass flavor. The person next to me got the costilla de res (braised short rib). It was OK. Had a weird flavor to it...i think it was the guava sauce. 

Not only were the entrees pricy and mediocre, but they served all the adult entrees at once. One adult at our table's entree did not come out. The server told him they overcooked his steak, and it would be out in a few minutes. The server apologized in advance, but it was definitely rude to bring out our entrees. The steak did not come out for several minutes, and when it did, he said it still wasn't cooked to the specifications he asked for! Eek.