We have lived by this place for about two years but hadn't tried it.  We've been very adventurous lately with trying new places so we decided to go for it.   The yelp reviews were mostly positive so we figured it couldn't be that bad.

We decided to do take out and ordered our food over the phone.  The person answering the phone was very polite and took the order without issue.  When we arrived to pick up the food the staff was incredibly polite which was great.  We received everything we ordered without any issues which seems to be a rare thing these days.

I had ordered the crab enchiladas since they advertised real crab meat.  The other items were carne asada and bean/cheese burritos.  The dinners had sides of beans/rice and we also had chips/salsa with our order.  The boxes were huge.  The food inside didn't come anywhere near filling the boxes.  There was nothing wrong with the portion sizes which were perfectly adequate.  They were just in boxes that weren't appropriately sized.  

The first thing I did was try the chips/salsa.  The chips were good and I don't know if they make them or get them from someone else.  The salsa which is supposed to be house made had a major cumin overload.  I tried it a few times and then that was it.  I didn't want any more for the chips or my enchiladas.  I went and grabbed a bottle of Cholula out of my pantry.

I moved on to the crab enchiladas.  The sauce was okay but the crab meat tasted kind of fishy.  I couldn't tell if it was fake or if it was just old but either way it wasn't great.  It wasn't horrible but it definitely was not quality food worthy of the price.  The beans/rice were decent.  The carne asada and bean/cheese burritos were okay.  

Other than the funky crab meat and the pure cumin salsa, the rest of the meal was just okay.  It wasn't bad and it wasn't overpriced.  It was just a "meh" type experience.  Given the choice, I would gladly go around the corner and go to Garcia's.  It's not the best Mexican food experience either but definitely a better quality and much more enjoyable than this place.