We have been going to La Casa Blanca since it opened.  We have gotten used to the mediocre service over time.  The menu is over priced for the portion size and the items are not exactly as they are described.  The shrimp tacos are described as grilled shrimp so I asked our server how big the shrimp were, I wanted to make sure it was not going to be those tinny tiny mini shrimp you can buy in a can like tuna or are frozen, freeze-dried, mostly freezer burned and nasty.  The waiter stated they were regular sized and the weren't extremely small.  So my husband ordered the Pollo Fundido, bowl of the Tortilla soup and ordered the Shrimp tacos. The waiter asked if he should bring the soup first  we said yes. The chips beans and salsa were pretty good but the containers were the same size as what they serve the butter in at Outback.  Really...  The extra hot salsa has more of a "Mexican" flavor than the regular and had a little spice.  Needless to say the soup never came and we had to remind the server that we ordered it after we had had our meals for some time.  The potatoes were rock hard but the broth and chix were ok.  The fundido was good my  husband liked it but the portion size was very small for the price. The shrimp tacos were tinny tiny mini shrimp you can buy in a can like tuna or are frozen, freeze-dried, mostly freezer-burned and nasty.  Disappointed, we requested the server, he stated that he had never seen such small shrimp on the tacos before..  ???  So we requested the Mangr.  She came over and defended the dish and stated they were the best selling item on the menu and that no one had ever sent them back before.  They were not "grilled" shrimp and are smaller around than a nickle served with cheddar cheese and cabbage.  These so called "grilled" shrimp were white, chewy, freezer burned, over cooked, tasteless, and a sorry excuse for even popcorn shrimp.  When asked her if they were "grilled" she said "yes, oh yes we put them on a grill!"  Again, smaller than a nickle and  obviously not on "grilled"  on a grill. She insisted they had been and said she would remove the item from the check and took the plate.  She then returned a few minutes later to say she had spoken to the chef, defended the dish again and say she was surprised that i did not like it  which made it feel like it was my fault somehow .  Lame.  And then admitted they were too "small" to be "grilled" but they do cook them on a griddle.  The waiter returned and said he was happy it wasn't his fault although he was the one who sold them as .  Real lame.  This will be our last visit.