I've been wanting to go to an On The Border restaurant for the last year and a half. I know it sounds crazy, but I'm still on my quest to find a great taco Tuesday in Vegas. I have been subscribing to OTB's email newsletters for months now, and I finally made it out on taco Tuesday this week 9/30/2014

When we arrived in the cantina area all of the tables that were empty were completely filled be and sticky and gross. We set up the one with the least debris on it and my friend had to go and get some disinfecting  cleaning spray off of the server's station because no one came by to check on us.

I was dismayed when I ordered a margarita at, & I found out that it was pre made from a giant slushy like machine at 7 eleven. It was overly sweet, and it came in a mug instead of a margarita glass. Our server who is obviously over worked told us that we had to order the jumbo margarita in order to get in a margarita glass. Um ok, but who serves a margarita of any size in a beer mug with only 5 ice cubes? 

So I ordered another margarita with a "floater" of Cazadores tequila, but I never actually got to see the "floater." Apparently they do it all for you. No, thank you! 

So the margaritas suck. On to the food:

The chips and salsa were nice and fresh tasting. I order the guacamole which came on a plate that was formed by two ice cream scoops. 0 stars for presentation or even trying to make it look like they made it fresh sometime in the last day or two. It wasn't pretty.
Yes, it contains more onions than a normal guacamole, but I do love onions and the flavor was actually decent. Next, we ordered the empanadas with chicken. There wasn't much chicken and they were very very Fri fried, but whatever. That's all I have to say about those

On to the tacos. I ordered the grilled fish tacos which sounded delicious. They came out and lavish presentation with lots of cheese and lettuce and cabbage like I like. Unfortunately the fish was so salty that as soon as I took a bite my heart started hurting from the sodium intake. The corn tortillas were greasy. I asked our server -when I could finally find her again- if she could have them remake the tacos with less sodium.

Finally our server brought out some more tacos, and they were made "without salt," but they still had a great flavor. I guess the grill was already salty enough from all the other overly salted tacos.

If the service would have been better, then I would have been able to overlook  the discrepancies with the food. Unfortunately. All of the servers were too busy and very inattentive. Our server especially acted as if we were a burden every time we asked for something.Thank goodness for the caring busser who finally brought us the water and napkins our server forgot.

At the end of our meal, instead of thanking us, our server told us to order the fish tacos "without salt" next time to save the hassle. How about I avoid your section next time instead? 

I'm so disappointed!  After a year and a half of anticipation this is what I get. I might go back and give them one more try only because I really love tacos and Tuesdays.