This review has been percolating for a week now and I finally have the courage to write it.

Spotted Donkey Cantina looked so promising: from the excellent reviews to the stunning and modern restaurant.  Even the food looked great.  But alas, this was the first time Yelp steered me wrong during my vacation.

After quickly being seated on the patio, Lisa H and I decided a margarita was in order.  Lis tried a strawberry marg and I opted for the prickly pear marg.  Tasty margs, although a wee bit too expensive.  But Spotted Donkey clearly isn't a cheap place, so no surprise there.

Based on the awesome venue and the delicious margs, I was hoping for some awesome eats, but sadly, it was not to be.  Many a review recommended the nachos, so we ordered those as an app.  Unfortunately, the nachos were the best part of the meal and even they were subpar.  The chicken tasted so dry I swear it was actually turkey.  I honestly couldn't taste chicken in that meat.  Big strike number one.

After the nachos, our main dishes arrived:  Lis got the enchiladas and I decided on the mac and cheese with some chicken (uh oh).  Lis wasn't impressed and neither was I.  I wish I had known about the turkey flavored chicken before I choose to add that to my mac and cheese.  I attempted another bite of it, but it still was so dry I had to push all of it to the side and focused only on the pasta.  Honestly, the mac and cheese was quite tasty, but I was so turned off by the chicken that I couldn't eat much of it.  Strike number two.

Many a server came by, I bet at least five different faces.  The host to seat us, our server proper, one to delivery our apps, one to clear the apps away, our server again to deliver our main courses, another to fill our waters, another to take our remaining dishes away, and finally our server proper to deliver our bill.  No jokes.  How many different people can you possible need for this process?  It seemed a little over the top for me.  Strike number three.

Spotted Donkey, you appeared to have so much promise.  I have to say with regret, that I was sorely disappointed to have eaten here.  Thankfully, I had just won a few bucks at the casino, so I wasn't too upset about paying for the meal.