I usually come here with a group of people and the service tends to be good.

I was in the area and decided to stop by with my wife and get a shrimp cocktail. As soon as we parked and where headed inside we noticed 3 separate bums one laid out in the parking lot one at the corner stop sign and one walking inside the establishment. I don't have anything against homeless people but these people are beyond homeless you can tell the druggies and simply strung out and  just loitering around the business. Not really a good feeling when leaving and parking your car in the "additional parking" which is located in the back of the restaurant.

As soon as we walked in we where greeted by a very Hispanic women wearing a.. what a call MARIA DRESS!!! The restaurant itself screams MEXICAN and so does the exceptional food they put out as we walked in to the right we noticed a lovely older lady which could have been one of my grandmothers making fresh tortillas and fresh tortilla chips the smell was awesome. The only down fall is that I noticed that the staff seemed more preoccupied talking amongst themselves then taking care of customers it felt as if we had to let them finish talking to each other before they would notice or talk to us. 

I knew what I wanted to I tried to quickly place my order but was told that I needed to wait for the waiter. The waiter arrived to take the order and my wife had a regular water I ordered a fresh mango water and the shrimp cocktail. The order was made very fast id say it took about a whole 3-4 minutes for the shrimp cocktail to come out as a matter a fact the shrimp cocktail came out before the water which baffled me. I even told the waiter the cocktail came out before the drink?? he quickly replied and said why yes because the mango water has to be freshly made.....so the shrimp cocktail I guess was waiting for me..... The waiter then left and proceeded to a different table. This made me a little upset so I waived him down and asked him kindly to please bring the regular water that is not taken out of the well so that we may have something to at least drink on. The waiter then came back with both the waters.

The shrimp cocktail here is amazing the shrimp are a medium sized shrimp and there are plenty of them WELL THERE BETTER BE AT 15.99 a cocktail. I think that the price is a little high but it is worth it. I have not found another shrimp cocktail to be this tasteful and this rich in flavor and this is the only reason I come here. 

The service was so subpar I refused to leave a tip. When I was paying it seemed like I was bothering the cashier to come check me out after I had already been waiting for 10 minutes at the table for them to come back with my credit card and check. The customer service here is not so great but the food well at least the shrimp cocktail is AWESOME!!!