For Sunday evening dinner, while in Charlotte, we took a break from southern cooking and chili dogs and such and decided to have some Mex.  It is always a crap shoot when you go to a new city and try to pick a decent Mexican place.  We read a few reviews and decided on Cantina 1511.  Well, we've had better and we've had worse.

Starting with the salsa which was amateurish loaded with cumin "because that's what makes it Mexican" (I heard a guy say that once).  The guacamole "made" at the table is kind of like semi-made at the table.  It is a large order, made with two avocados.  But the lime juice is pre-squeezed so the fragrant oils are lost completely.  The tomato and onion and cilantro are supplied by using some premixed pico with large onion hunks.  We don't want the hunks of raw onion so asked our server to leave the pico and we picked through it to have some tomato.  We also asked for more lime to add, since they did not add enough.  He brought us more, but again, pre-squeezed.   After sorting out enough tomato from the pico and adding more lime juice and salt, we made it OK to eat.  They really need to juice the limes with the little manual juicer at the table.

Ms T had fish tacos (they were fried, not grilled) and declared that they simply had no flavor.  They were made from the ubiquitous tilapia, (which normally tastes like dirt to me) floured in masa.  These did not taste like fish or dirt or masa.  Just fried stuff.

I ordered Tacos al Pastor.  This style of meat has become popular in the US in the last couple of years and it is rarely made right.  Cantina 1511 joins that club.  I really don't expect a trompo of seasoned pork that gets cut off with a large machete and grilled to crisp it a bit, like a good gyro.  But this was shredded pork stew, sweetened, too wet.  It is not supposed to be sweet.  I have eaten in the restaurant in Mexico City that claims (who knows if true) to have invented the style.  Cantina 1511's version is not even good by US standards.

The rice was the plastic pellet style, I guess made from converted or instant rice.  The black beans were pretty cuminy, not well seasoned.

It is a very nice place.  Jamal provided excellent service.  They are trying to be modern Mexican, but are not quite getting there.  I would keep looking for Mexican in Charlotte.