- This place is average. Not as great as people make it seem. We went on a Friday night and we expected it to be packed but it wasn't so we were happy because we had forgotten to make reservations. The inside is beautiful and it's definitely a great place to go have drinks and socialize with friends. But as soon as they sat us down, that's when it all went downhill. Our server was horrible! He took our drink order and after bringing us our drinks, he then took our food order. Little did we know, we were not gonna see him again. Waited 15mins, there was no sign of him. We needed a refill with our drinks and we needed refills on the chips and salsa. Where did our server go? Who knows. We waited patiently another 5 mins, and didn't understand where he went because it was not even a busy night at all. After waiting a total of 20mins, my friend for whom we were taking out to celebrate her birthday got up, walked up to another server and asked her to come refill our drinks and to bring the manager as well. When the manager arrived, he was very professional about the whole situation and apologized for our server, and gave us a discount which we were not expecting at all. I don't remember the name of the manager but he was tall, brown hair and had glasses. Only thing that bothered us was that even though we had already spoken to the manager, our servers attitude did not change. He continued to do his own thing, refilled our drinks one time again after we got our food and didn't come back to the table until it was time to give us the bill. But get this, the whole time that he didn't come to our table, we definitely saw him going to his other tables, which I thought was very rude. He walked right passed us and couldn't even ask if we needed anything or see if things were okay. Service definitely needs improvement!

Now onto our meals, it was good but not spectacular. I was expecting a lot more from this place since there was a few good reviews about it on yelp. Don't expect authentic food, this is more American tex-mex. As for the prices of meals, they were more on the pricier side. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind paying $20 for an entree but if it's just some tacos on a plate that taste like any other place I don't think it's worth it. I won't say I'll never come back, cause I will. Every place deserves a second chance but the second time will be for drinks and tapas. 

So because of the way the manager handled the situation in a well mannered way, I give this place a 2 star.