Jalisco, I'm sorry, but we need to break up. It isn't me. It's you. 100% you.

Last night, the wife and I went to Jalisco for dinner. We were seated quickly enough. The chips and salsa were brought right out. We even had our drink order taken quickly. Our server, Esmerelda, appeared shortly thereafter and took our order. 

My order: 3 Combination plate - Cheese enchilada, Shredded Chicken Enchilada, Shredded Chicken Crunchy Taco and all rice, no beans.

30 minutes later, Esmerelda stops by the table and asks us if we would like dessert. Ummm, I would prefer dinner first. She had a look of confusion flash across her face, glanced at the kitchen, the fear of realizing she had left our food in the window for who knows how long flashed next, before she said our food would be right out.

Imagine that, 30 seconds later, our plates were brought out. My "crunchy" taco was soggy, fell apart the moment I lifted it up. The kicker? Shredded beef, not chicken. Ok, I'll eat the rest, while we wait for her to check on us. First enchilada I dove into, also shredded beef. Seriously guys? 30 minutes and you send out poorly made, wrong food?

Finally, Esmerelda stops back by, we show her how everything was wrong with my food. She says they'll get me the right food out right away.

While waiting for that food to arrive, I give the cheese enchilada a try. What could they do wrong with that, you ask? Somehow, the cheese was chewy. Not standard cheesy deliciousness chewy, but did they put some gum, or old tire in the cheese chewy. 

After a much shorter than 30 minute wait, a plate with a chicken enchilada, actual crunchy taco, rice and beans was delivered to the table. By then, I was a little over the entire experience and tired of chewing, after consuming the cheese enchilada.

The last two items were decent, not good, but decent. 

Needless to say, Jalisco is not on my list of places to eat again. Ever. 

This happened on a Thursday evening, they had maybe 3 other tables when we got there, no big rush leaving or entering at any time when we were there, so it wasn't like we got lost in the shuffle. 

Also, having a Yelp logo asking for reviews on the menu is bad form. May want to double check the Terms of Service on Yelp before you do your next run of menus. I didn't notice it until the server was picking up our menus, else I'd have photo'd it.