$2.00 Tacos & a $17.00 Martini? Ripped off
I have eaten at this restaurant maybe 7-8 times, and I really like the food. I remember a review I read where the reviewer was talking about the owner and how good his food is and somewhere he has a really good restaurant in him. Meaning to me that the space leaves a lot to be desired. As far as atmosphere there really isn't any. The place looks like someone decided to open a restaurant and tossed in a few chairs and tables and said ok.. we've opened a restaurant. There must have been a bad leak in the ceiling as I have noticed for the last month or so, half of the ceiling is missing sheet rock. I would have thought it would have been repaired by now. But a place that serves 2.00 tacos and a 12.00 roasted half chicken.. you can't expect everything to be perfect. But here's my real beef with this restaurant. I'm not one to pour over my check when I get it. Half the time I don't even look at it, or my partner will pay the check, it all comes out of the same pocket so to speak or I just throw down my card.. tip well.. sign the bill and off I go. For the last couple of times that I have been there, I was looking at my credit card statement and wonder how could our bill at Gallo Blanco be 150.00 for three people?  We do like to sample a lot of food and will always order way too much.. Last night two of us ordered a 6.00 salad 7.00 guacamole and two 12.00 chickens. So how did our bill get to be 70.00 before tip.  Ah..  How about 17.00 for a Grey Goose martini and 16.00 for a bombay martini?  That's insane. I can go to AZ88 and get one of the best martini's and twice the size for 15.00 and your paying something for the incredible glass that it comes in and a really great space and atmosphere.  But 17.00 for a Grey Goose martini?  I feel completely ripped off. You can't have your highest menu price be 15.00 for steak and then charge 17.00 for a typical, nothing special Grey Goose martini...  it's just called bad business..  And I promise you I will never visit this business again.. With that profit margin you would think they could afford to fix the ceiling. bye bye Gallo Blanco