We came here tonight with my Parents, because on their last visit in 2011 (they live in germany), they loved the place, and we did do. We warned them that the last time my Husband, Son and I had been there, the food and service was not quite what it used to be. Well, we should have listened to ourselves. The last time we thought they must have just had a bad night and so tonight was going to be better. Boy were we wrong. The Hostess seated us quickly and courteously, no worries, right? My Husband ordered the drinks for us ( 3 Ice Teas & a Coke), while I went to the Restroom to wash my hands. I always make it a habbit to look in the stalls even when I wash my hands. The Toilets had  paper in them and the seats were in need of cleaning. But okay. I thought about telling the manager, but did not want to cause any issues. 

When I returned to the table, the chips and salsa had been placed. (Chips are very thin and the Salsa is very runny). Trying to put Salsa on the Chip is not easy and you have to hold your hand under because it will drip on your shirt otherwise, trust me. 
There was no plates provided to keep one clean. 
After about 5 minutes Chip our server brought the Drinks and went off somewhere. About 10 minutes later he returned to take our order. When I asked about the Salsa he said that this is how it is brought in, so I assume they don't make it fresh on the premises. Big minus, because it is not that expensive to make yourself and there are a lot of good recipes out there. One of the Red Sauces tasted really weird, the other one was good, but like I said to runny. The Green one, kind of tasted like their was Pineapple Juice in it? Strange. 
We ordered the Guacamole Appetizer so that we could eat the Chips and the Guacamole was really good. 
The food arrived. We had ordered 2 Beef Fajitas, one for my Dad and one for my Mom. My Husband and I decided to split the Ribeye & Enchiladas. We opted for the Cheese Enchiladas. The Beef Fajita Meat was extremely chewey. My Parents could not eat it. We had ordered our Ribeye Medium and it was very well done, my Husband who used a Steak Knife had a hard time cutting thru it. Did I mention how really thin the Ribeye was? 
We were looking for our Waiter Chip who was nowhere to be found. About 10 minutes later we got the Busboy to get us the Manager. She came out and asked what the problem was and I told her about the meat. She said sorry, but it immediately followed with an explanation on how they cook the Fajita Meat and when I showed her our "medium" Ribeye she went on to tell me how they now have a new supplier. 
Now, having been in the Food Business myself for over 31 years, I do know that the supplier does not do the cooking and that really was not what I wanted to hear. She did ask if we wanted the food to be redone and my parents and us asked for the Meat to be remade. 
It took 20 minutes for the remade meat to come out. By that time, my Mom had finished the sides that came with her fajitas and we had eaten the underwhelming cheese enchiladas and the some of the drippy Beans (more landed on my shirt, it was this runny) and my Dad really didn't want to eat the sides because he was just so upset about all of this. 
Anyways, the Meat is brought out, the manager wanted to know if she should take my Dad's sides and I said, may as well, because they were cold now, to which she replied that she asked me if I wanted the sides redone as well. 
I admit, I did not ask her to that at the time, but what upset me was her tone of voice when she asked me. 
My parents went ahead and ate the Meat, because they were really hungry, even so it was still a bit on the chewy side. Not sure what kind of Meat they use, but it is a tough one. We had driven over 300 miles today and were starving. 
My husband could not finish the Ribeye, because it was still not that easy to cut thru the fat on the still very thin steak. I ate my half, because I was also just hungry.

At the end of the Meal, Chip and the Manager both tried to upsell us on Desert. Are you kidding me? After the mediocre Meal we just had? We really did not want to take any chances and have to pay for a bad desert as well. 
I would have appreciated a small discount, maybe the drinks off? But we ended up having to pay for the full meal, even so the quality and service was severely lacking tonight.

I wrote a comment on their website, don't know if they will care enough to respond. This just left us totally flabbergasted as how bad they have become. Used to be our favorite Mexican Restaurant, guess now we will have to go find a new one.