I had been here on one previous occasion. As much as like spending my time with the geriatrics of Sun City, I've found I need to venture further outside of Surprise to find the X/Y generation. So, I did. For Happy Hour. After spending time with with good peeps, 4 street tacos, and Two Exes (the beer, silly. Two exes at the same time? Not me.) I had claimed Salty Seniorita safe, and acceptable. Naomi, our server, was great, too.

Stop the show. I had a lapse in judgement. I'm sorry. I went back with my gf on St. Patty's day. Well, night actually. It was windy, and stormy. Cool change of weather. Our server was attentive and nice. Can you tell I'm holding out? I'm refraining from going on about how bad the food was. But I cannot help it now. The chips and salsa are so bland and plain. The salsa is like hot watery cilantro puree. Flat, bland, and uninspiring. And... they charge you $2 for the pleasure. Are you kidding me? 

My gf ordered the taco salad with BLACKENED Mahi. The fish came out under cooked and mushy. Not even an attempt at the blackened part of the equation. The salad was a heap of shit. Just a pile of stuff thrown haphazardly into a shell, that was food colored green. Maybe it was a spinach taco shell, but it looked like a food colored taco shell. 

I ordered the fajitas. I pulled SEVERAL large chunks of gristly meat out of the plate. The shrimp was poorly packaged, over frozen, overcooked, and tasted flat and bland. That was after I had picked through the onions. Also, someone may want to put an APB out on the Bell Pepper. Large, green, red, or orange type pepper found in fajitas and other dishes. Mine had escaped. Yes. really. No bell peppers in my fajitas. The beans were canned Rosarita beans. Same bland garbage that can be bought in a store. Black beans, canned as well. 

So why the 2 stars? The drinks were good. They have a margarita that is fresh squeezed and made from scratch that is awesome. The mango marg is great, my gf liked the Prickly Pear marg, and the house marg is not bad. Service was good too. 

If they got the food on par with the service and the drinks, this would be THE place to go in the West Valley.