Having dinner out on a Thursday evening, it was slow over at Mi Casa Grill Cantina.  The hostess almost  took us all around before seating us in the corner of  this huge dining area that was nicely decorated and had a lot of promise.  We were seated in front of a giant screen TV showing Thursday night football.

After our beverage orders were taken, chips and three salsas arrived at our table.  There was one limed based tamarind sauce that the BF was practically drinking, while I had an affinity to the spicy red pepper color one.  We were very impressed already and couldn't wait for our orders!

After deciding on the manaza $7 (apple rum, lime juice, and mint) for myself and the caprinha $8 for the BF, we realized our waiter was very new - at his job and at this restaurant.  It humored us nonetheless as he had trouble understanding and pronouncing our drink orders.  (The BF's caprinha was a bit too strong for his liking and my manzana was pretty much an apple mojito.  It was a lot tastier than his drink, that's for sure!)  

We decided to ask for his recommendation on food items since they had an extensive list.  He gave us some ideas on whether to order tapas or go straight for the main courses or do the mix and match.  

We decided to try out a bunch of different things by going for the Appetizer Sampler ($17) and the Mix and Match entrees of three items ($17).  We had the waiter bring out all the food together so we can enjoy it all at the same time.

The food was rather quick to come and just as well since we had already finished off a basket of chips.

The appetizer sampler came with two corn cakes that were sauced up and topped with guacamole.  The BF thought the cakes were pretty decent.   Two chicken(?) flauntas also came with the sampler.  I found it to be dried out and tasteless.  The adobo seasoned deep fried calamari was left in the oil too long, and the BF couldn't taste any of the seasonings.  These items were laid out on a bed of coleslaw and came with three dipping sauces - a dill based cream sauce, a chipotle sauce, and the lime-based tamarind sauce from earlier.  There was also a cup of queso fundido, which is melted cheese that you're supposed to dip your tortilla chips in.  However, once the cheese starts hardening up, it becomes one big goopey mess that's pretty challenging to eat with chips.

Of the Mix and Match entree, we got one shrimp, lobster, and crab enchilada that wasn't to my liking.  The BF was appalled when he saw and tasted what appeared to be imitation crab meat.  Blah on that!  There was one soft flour tortilla (or you can choose the hard corn tortilla instead) holding what would be our carne asada taco.   It was alright.  Hiding behind that taco was one tiny ass what they call a burrito filled with dried carnitas.  The burrito was small enough to fit into the palm of my hand.  (Was this a kid size?)  Half of the plate was covered with rice and beans.

When it came down to it, I found myself eating more chips and salsa than the actual food we ordered.  That's a bad sign.  The only leftovers we took were the cheese (so we could remelt it), the tortilla chips, and that lime tamarind sauce. 

Service was fine.  It took awhile to get our orders in, but the food came out rather quickly.  Our waiter was nice and friendly, so no problems there.  I'm glad that we had a gift certificate too like Allison J. because it's definitely not worth the price they are charging!   

Sidenote: They offer a weekday happy hour from 4 pm to 7 pm with $2 chips and guacamole, $3 nachos, $2 flauntas, $3 calamari, $1 margaritas, and $1 tequila shots.