Perhaps my boyfriend, mom and I went on an off day but my first experience with Lindo Michoacan was awful. We were seated quickly and brought chips and salsa and bean dip. Chips were hot and fresh, dips were bland and left much to be desired. My boyfriend ordered a house margarita which tasted like bottled sweet and sour mix and cheap tequila. Very disappointing for something they're supposed to specialize in. Next came the guacamole which was good and made table side, kinda hard to screw that one up. We also ordered a dish that was supposed to be their version of shrimp ceviche. When it dropped on the table it elicited a unanimous WTF? It was a plate of butterflied raw shrimp- literally raw (lime juice had not cooked the shrimp at all like it is supposed to), sitting in some green goop. It was so fishy and nasty I didn't even touch it- it actually STANK. I feared for the fish tacos I knew were coming my way. When our entrees dropped we were similarly underwhelmed. Boyfriend ordered chilaquiles, over cooked eggs and grease just soaked everywhere. It was basically inedible. My fish tacos were bland and soggy. My mom had chicken enchiladas which were basic and lacked spice. Rice and beans were crusted to the plate. I don't know what the hell happened honestly. Once the plates were cleared the waiter tried to sell us dessert. When we politely declined he physically threw his hands up in the air in disappointment and huffed as he walked away. Like, really dude? Save that for the back of house away from the customer! I don't know if this place has just expanded too much and has lost some of the talent that used to be in the kitchen but something has gone very wrong here. We ate at Bonito Michoacan several months ago and had an awesome experience- further adding to our disappointment with their original location. Perhaps this restaurant is a tourist trap so a bunch of white people from towns where this is the Mexican food they're familiar with come here and rave about it? I don't know. I have no idea how they have four stars on yelp I will definitely never be back here.