I still can't get over this whole Chinese Mexican whachamacallit concept. 

Granted, the story of a couple combining their cultural backgrounds is lovely, but I cannot wholeheartedly accept this combination of cuisines.

First timers are given a taste tour of couple items. Little sample cups of their meats and rice. Out of their 14 main items, they include things like: carnitas, Chinese bbq pork, egg foo young, jade red chicken (sweet&sour), jen red pork (sweet&sour), emerald chicken (ginger&onion), etc. The menu: (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cHdJXLlKNWixBXpDwEGb_A?select=BMDFYI4Hl-Vw7rsjvzbhVQ)

For those who are unaware, I am not a big fan of Chinese food. So imagine my dismay after realizing my options. And coming from the Bay Area where Chinese food is readily available and at higher standards, I did not travel all this way to have Chinese food, let alone...fusion Chinese food. But my friends were eager to try this, and so there I was.

Food can be ordered in the following options:
1) Rice bowl: Choice of a main item and steamed rice (too Chinese for me. Pass!)
2) Combo: Choice of two main items with steamed rice (even more Chinese. Pass!)
3) Quesadilla: Choice of a main item with cheese (had quesadilla already. Pass!)
4) Burrito: Choice of a main item in tortilla (my only option)

Jerk Chicken with Cuban Black Bean Burrito (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cHdJXLlKNWixBXpDwEGb_A?select=eap6hGNvq6Afm-xjso-nAA): The thought of putting sweet and sour pork or egg foo young in a burrito frightened me. So I opted for the safer choices. The jerk chicken was marinated with really hot peppers, which I did not know beforehand. And the black beans were also spicy. My mouth was on fire!!!! The burrito was $3.50. Added black beans and cheese. Plus a fountain drink, my total came to $8! The burrito was tiny! What the heck did I pay for?! Tastewise, the burrito was dry. And their choice of 'hot sauces' were a homemade black bean sauce or some sweet tangy egg roll dipping sauce. Bleh.

Each order came with a cookie (Snickerdoodle or Volcano) which was a nice touch. But how does a cookie tie into Chinese or Mexican cuisine?

One of the most confusing dining experiences ever. Oh yeah, it was another Guy Fieri DDD spot.

This Chino did not likeO.