I've never really been a big fan of this Tacos El Gordo, preferred the one on Charleston if anything but still not a big fan of Tacos El Gordo.  I don't know why but somehow I seem to always find myself coming here once in awhile; people do flock over to this location because its on the Strip.  Go to the Charleston location if it's busy here it's not that far away.  Honestly I like their food only when I'm either drunk or recovering  but I could probably get the same effect from a Roberto's which is probably more convenient. Any other time I just can't enjoy them.

When it's slow, which is when they're usually still busy but manageable, you can find a parking spot easily, you walk into the building, open the door and shut the door, you wait in a decent line, and you can enjoy your meal maybe on a table inside or outside.  However when it's busy, mainly weekend, forget about coming here, unless you're willing to wait. The line usually spills out the door and it's hard to find a seat.  You'll likely find yourself joining others eating their food on the curb or at your car. 

Food-wise it's alright 3 star maybe 3.5 tops which isn't that bad.  You probably heard about their carne asada and adobada fries, and their various street tacos they are a must if you never had it but personally I don't think they have enough flavor to my liking and seemed a little pricey, especially for the fries. I think I only liked them the first time I've had street tacos.  It kind of has phased out of my system, I do prefer a few other businesses more. 

Overall they are probably a 2 star maybe 3  mainly because of the inconvenience and madness that goes on. Yea it's busy because a lot of people want them but they could do something better to manage the crowd besides making the food faster, I don't know maybe it's just me being picky but definitely not a fan of the atmosphere. You can say it lacks good customer service but they do make things fast.

Most recently I brought some out of state family here it lasted only a few mins. We ended up going to a pretty good regular Mexican restaurant where it was fast, excellent customer service, served good food, and accomedating for a large group wiith kids, Taco Bell joking.