Came after visiting the container park to have a family lunch. Before we even walked in I was surprised with REALLY loud music causing our 18 month old to wake up from his nap. We were seated at a table tight by the kitchen,  I don't mind it, I don't feel like we were being picked on but the restaurant only had like 2 other tables inside and I just think we could've been seated not right by the kitchen. I had the prickly pear margarita I thought it was good, not too sweet, but yet again not great. My husband had some beer, can't recall which one. To start off we ordered a queso fundido to share.  I ordered the shrimp enchiladas, and my husband ordered a Mexican street burger. When our queso fundido arrived I got excited I love queso fundido. Love chorizo and cheese! But...NOPE. I started eating it with tortilla and I noticed that the cheese wasn't even melted. It was still not cooked. I got pretty grossed out. It didn't have that melt effect that it's supposed to have. I waited for our server to come by to inform them of this. By that time the food runner had dropped off our entrees. My enchiladas were good, not great just okay. The tomatillo sauce was a little over acidic. My husband's burger was good, but not really authentic to Mexican street burgers.. we asked the food runner to call the server. We told her about the queso fundido and how it wasn't done cooking yet. And she made it seem like we were being inconvenient. Like we were doing it on purpose. She said she would let her manager know, and SIMPLY left the dish on the table.

**I  work on the strip in the f & b industry and we all know this is the number 1 no-no, if a guest doesn't like something or its not right you take it away immediately not let it sit there in front of their faces.  And you offer to replace it with something else.. 

Our server did not do this. I got pretty annoyed, seriously?   So we ignored the fact that we had an uncooked dish at our table and kept eating.. by the time the manager came back to check on us we had finished our entrees,  she asked if we wanted a different appetizer.. NO I finished my entrée already I don't think I want to start my dinner all over again. She then let us know she would take it off the check. She could have done so without putting it in our face.  We didn't have more than 2 bites of the dish and we are not one of those people to eat more than half of the food and then complain.
-This was the first time I have ever sent any food back, EVER. 

To wrap it up, food was okay.. No great customer service. Also speciality margarita prices were a little pricey, strip prices to top shelf are equal or else for a specialty drink. 

I also did not appreciate the goofy food runner, acting like a 12 year old eating snacks by the side of the kitchen where we could clearly see him. Not professional at all! Not sure if the health department would appreciate this either. 

Would probably not come back to dine here again with so many choices in Las Vegas, try MUNDO! That place is amazing.