Surviving on the Sam Fox name:

Let me first state that Sam Fox restaurants are typically well thought out and perfectly located.  So I have been to Blanco a half dozen times trying to get the square peg into the round hole...it just won't go.

While many may disagree with me, I also have found that diners, and especially Yelp reviewers, in Phoenix tend to rate the restaurant based on how much they paid for the meal, afraid to admit they simply got duped.  The reviews of Blanco are overly glowing and out of balance compared to sooooo many alternatives in the Valley.

To start, the decor in both the Biltmore and Old Bragada on Scottsdale Rd locations are pleasing but not as hip as the Fox standard.  Both are nice open spaces with large group tables a plenty.

The food is uninspiring and just not cravable.  In writing this review a day after my last attendance, I am having difficulty recalling the few things on the menu that made an impression.  I will try...

The roasted corn is flavorful, but this is a side dish and salad garnish.  The Mexican salad with steak is sparse in the meat department and routinely over dressed.  Fortunately there is roasted corn in the salad to rescue and provide an ounce of interest.

The quesadillas are just boring.  Cheddar and some other overly mild cheese melted on a tortilla.  No seasoning.  No deep flavored cheese.  No roasted corn to rescue (unless you ask specifically).  Additionally, they come sliced in massive wedges that effective tell everyone at the table, "don't even try to share more than a bit with me, Amigo."

Just writing this I am bored.  So I will sum up the rest of the fare on the table.  Salsa=jar quality, Queso=velvet a with milk in a microwave, refried beers= try frying a third time, guacamole=woefully under seasoned and bland, chicken tacos=meh, shrimp tacos= too fishy (not even as good as Rubios).

Lastly the service...oy.  The waitress is quick to greet and ask for drink orders then disappear.  Each of the six times I have been reminded of the "casual" in casual dining.  Slowest dinner e-v-e-r..........  The gaps between drinks, apps, entree and dessert ordering are eternal.  Somebody needs to tell the staff that you make more money selling drinks and turning tables.  In 90minutes I didn't see any table turn more than once.

Listen, as a foodie in a great foodie city, I can safely endorse skipping Blanco.  If you want innovative Mexi-inspired food, try Sumo Maya, Modern Margarita or frankly any taco truck to out perform Sam Fox's black spot on his resume.