It's another beautiful sunny Arizona morning after an evening of birthday festivities...which after seeing "Check Please" was celebrated here at  Mariscos Playa Hermosa.

We were a party of 10 with a reservation and ready to sample what appeared to be some great seafood!

The restaurant is small with lots of beautiful colors and wooded tables with authentic chairs and I felt like I was in Mexico!

The atmosphere was a bit chaotic ... Although they were not super busy they were running around like chickens with their heads cut off... BTW... Today's special.... Chicken! ... NOT! 

In reading previous reviews... The biggest complaint is the service... Or lack of it!  Boy oh boy... They were not kidding!  Why o why do they not have ample employees?  Or at least experienced ones? 

HEY OWNER... Do yourself a favor... HIRE SOME EMPLOYEES!!

Moving right along... The place is small so you can imagine it would be loud... Which it was... but that's ok.. Made it feel more festive!

It took forever to just get water and for 10 people they gave only 2 bowls of chips and tiny saucers of hot sauce... Water glasses and drink refills RARELY happened!

We tried many item between all of us.

The larger whole fish was moist and delicious! This was the best part of the evening!

They served their complimentary ceviche which was enjoyable and might I add... A nice touch!

The shrimp and fish in garlic sauce... Let's talk about that for a sec....

Ok, just the other day I cooked some shrimp on the Barbie bathed in butter/garlic. Mine was equally as good if not better because my shrimps were larger.

They use a medium shrimp that's tasty but nothing the average Joe can't make themselves... The fish part of the dish was a saturated fried piece... 

Didn't try the rice simply because it looked unappetizing and did not care for the beans... I related them to baked beans... Like in hot dogs and beans... That's the initial taste.

We also tried the crab enchiladas ... Again not impressed... It was filled with crab meat but did not care for the taste ... Nor did anyone at the table.

The tortillas were tortillas nothing special.

Back to the service...I don't want to hear excuses like " it was very busy" because according you all those 5 star reviews( which I just don't get) you should expect it to be super busy on a Saturday night!

One end of the table was almost finished by the time the other end got their food... The servers had absolutely no idea who had what so she pretty much passed the plates and we figured it out ourselves!  

I had to ask for all the dirty dishes to be taken away as nobody came to take them.

On to dessert...they knew we were there for a Birthday and we had to remind them several times.  For the birthday girl they give a piece of cake and she chose " tres leche cake" the cake was unlike any Tres Leche I have had.. Had a raspberry? Filling and did not taste very leche... I am no expert at this but the ones I have tried sit in the leche which absorbs into the cake making it somewhat soggy and delicious... This was different ...  I am sure there are many different kinds but it was not a hit at the table...

So, they have this other deal... Where they bribe you to YELP a reviews using names of servers and when they confirm it was posted they give you a piece of coconut cake...so one of the kids at the table did it...

I must say...the coconut cake was delish! Very moist and lots of coconut!

Getting the check was another challenge and when we did get it they charged for 3 items of which we only had 2....

Really makes me wonder... Between the REVIEW BRIBES and the mistakes on the check.... How much money they make this way?

Since we live nowhere close the chances of any of us returning are slim ...

On goes my quest to find some great Mexican food!

I imagine when a restaurant knows they are going to be on TV they make sure everything tastes great and service is great...

But on any other day you see how it really is... Don't believe everything you see on TV

It is a cute place and the fish was good... Give it a try... See what you think!

Never base a decision on one persons review... Food is a preference and I am very tough critic!  

Bon Appetite'