I was very disappointed with my recent visit to this Macayo's. I had not been to a Macayo's in at least three years. I remember it being a much better experience back in those days. First off this restaurant is DIRTY. We were seated inside in one of the upper booths. One of the first things that I noticed was that the tile surrounding the booth was covered in dust. First bad sign. The second thing I noticed was that the stained glass windows beside the booth was covered in sauce splatters, ew. There was also a partial hand print in a white sauce on the side of the tile next to me double ew. Unwrapped my silverware and there was a large chunk of tomato and rice attached to my fork. Don't know how that even happens. Makes me shutter to think what they think is passable in the kitchen if they miss dried food on the utensils.

I should have probably thought twice about eating in an establishment so dirty but against my better judgment I ordered food. The chips and salsa were just okay. The chips did come out warm but the salsa was very watery. We ordered an extra side of hot salsa but our waiter continuously forgot to bring it until we had already eaten half of our meal. It was not really worth waiting for, it tasted like taco bell hot sauce. The service was bad. It started off okay but our waiter was more and more forgetful throughout the meal. I had originally ordered a fireball shot but after about fifteen minutes had gone by and no drink, my fiancé informed one of the other passing waiters that I still had not received my drink. Our waiter showed up in the mean time and asked what it was I had ordered again. He comes back five minutes later and informs me that they are out of fireball. I proceeded to order an extremely over priced $7.99 margarita (usually $8.99). It was decent.

The food. Mediocre at best. I had a Baja chicken enchilada and a cheese enchilada. My fiancé had a bean burrito enchilada style. The Baja chicken enchilada was pretty good. The Baja sauce has a great flavor but I don't even want to think about how many calories a white cheese cream sauce has in it, it is a once in a few months indulgence but the other food does not make up for the calorie boat of this sauce. The cheese enchilada with red sauce was just meh. The red enchilada sauce tastes generic and too heavy. My fiancé's bean burrito was luke warm inside. 

We got the bill and I had been charged for the fireball that they were out of. It was removed ten minutes later. Will not be back here. Way too many other great Mexican options in town.