Allow me to preface, i seldom give 1 or 2 stars: A lot had to be missing for any dining establishment to fall in this category. 

it was a saturday night at the Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino.  H and I were in a hurry to grab a quick bite before heading to the Marquee Night club.  The cafe would surely prepare a hearty meal, but as the minutes ticked away, we knew that time was not on our side.  Luckily (or unluckily in this case) China Poblano jumped out of nowhere and had a sign that said "to go or take out."  instantly, i'm thinking it's kinda like Taco Bell fast, but let's just say that we're lucky to get our food in less than 20 minutes.

the menu was a fusion of chinese and mexican food.  unique? not really.  anybody can make any type of meat and throw it in a tortilla shell and call it mexican food.  anybody creating this type of concept needs to think it through to create a unique dining experience for everyone who passes through the doors.  come'on, people travel from all over the world to come to vegas.  is this is best meal the Cosmo can offer?  i believe not.

THE PORK SIU MAI were a disgrace to Chinese people who invented this dish.   i have eaten this all my life in OC & LA & even SF and have never seen anything so tiny.  it was literally the size of a quarter, all 6 of them, looking pretty sad and lonely in this takeout container that it was tossed into.  no shredded lettuce or cabbage for garnishment.  just 6 puny little siu mai's squished to the corner of the container.  i finished them in 2 minutes and naturally was not full at all.  the taste -- it was ok, not spectacular.

THE TACOS that H had were another dismal dish that appeared from the same menu.  i can't quite comment on the taste but the size was disappointing.

the prices.... were not cheap. both microscopic & macroscopic items came in slightly less than $30.  what?  does money grow on trees?  Asians are taught to get the best bang for the buck and to bargain our way through life... this time i felt jipped & helpless.  left the establishment with a more than half empty stomach & feeling robbed.

THE EXPERIENCE:
ok, granted we order takeout, but there was no place to sit outside in the hallways of the hotel.  it's just not sexy or classy to eat in the hallways.  meanwhile inside, the bar was completely empty (as in zero, zip, zilch, nada patrons).  We asked the girl cleaning the bar if we could please sit there for a few minutes, and she said yes. then, like a bat out of hell, the hostess stormed over and said we cannot sit there.  what?  did you not realize we were not fighting for seats but actually making your establishment appear fuller than it is?  so, she escorted us to these benches behind the bar with pillows that we could sit in.  for all the commotion that she caused by moving us, we could've finished our food in the 2 minutes that it requires to consume our so-called meal.

IN CONCLUSION:
this place is not suitable in such a gorgeous hotel as the Cosmopolitan.  it does not compare to its elegance, its grandeur, and its sophistication.  the people who work there need to grace better manners and accommodate its patrons a little better.

i would highly suggest you save your money and go to the cafe downstairs or win a couple of hands in blackjack and eat at Blue Ribbon Sushi or STK instead.