Their food, deserves 5 stars, always. Have never been disappointed in their food quality. 

What is always a consistent disappointment is placing to go orders via the telephone. I've about had it with this location for that reason. If you offer a convenience of placing to go phone orders then for goodness sake GET IT TOGETHER! This location has consistently forgotten to put the dressing and sides of salsa fresca requested for my salad in my to go bag. So for those of you braving a phone order, it is essential to go behind them like a toddler and check to make sure you've gotten what you've asked for. That leads me to my next gripe. In addition to forgetting extra items asked for this location has consistently gotten my order completely wrong; giving and charging items I never even asked for; not preparing items I asked for the way I asked for them; down to not even getting my name and phone number correct when asked for it.

Last nights event...

I call in to go order for Michael B and also give telephone number. I ask for the following: (1) grilled chicken salad, no tortilla, and only shredded white cheese and black beans for toppings (in addition to the chicken). I also ask for the items to be placed on TOP of my lettuce instead of the bottom like they usually do. The girl starts asking do I want this and that, bla bla bla, I say no, I only want the lettuce, chicken, black beans, and shredded white cheese. I also ask for no dressing and 2 sides of salsa fresca. She says okay no problem. For item # (2) I ask for two grilled chicken tacos with only pico and black beans inside. I specifically mention that I don't want lettuce or anything else inside of it. Just two lonely tacos. She says okay fine. She repeats the order back correctly. 

Boyfriend goes to pick up the food and this is what he comes home with...

(1) grilled chicken salad that had tortilla strips, cilantro, cojita cheese, white shredded cheese on top. On the bottom was more shredded white cheese, black beans, and RICE. The bf said they did forget to put the 2 sides of fresca which he had to ask for before he left (guess he has learned this from previous times). 
(2) two chicken tacos with PINTO beans, pico, and cheese inside. 
(3) on a separate plate we got another set of chicken tacos prepared the same way but with a side of rice and pinto beans as well. 

So he comes home with this crap and I take a look at the receipt. The name is listed as "Mitcheal Q." and the phone number I gave is off by 1 digit. The rest of it describes the wrong order they gave me. I call and ask to speak with the manager on duty, gal responds asking me what the problem. I say there's a problem with my pick up rose being wrong. She says what's wrong with it, I said I need to speak with a manager on duty. She continues to try and ask about the order and if the manager can call me back. Again I tell her to please get the manager on the phone, no they cannot call me back, if I were a customer in the restaurant they would have to address my concerns them and there so why should I be treated any different because I am on the phone. So she places me on a "hold" which sounded like she just stuck the phone in her pocket and walked around a bit. Then she comes back on the line stating I'm sorry the manager can't come to the phone because they're "on the line working". She again asks about the meal and what was wrong. So I give her a nice ear full and she asks would I like a free meal. Would I like A free meal as in one? NO! I would like 3 free meals because I was charged for one I didn't ask for and my two I did ask for was given severely incorrect. She quickly obliges to my request and asks for the name the order was under so she can make a note in the computer about it. 

Only after I hang up I realize that they messed up the name on our order so there's no way she will be able to note the account correctly.  

I will probably continue to go to this location but only as a walk in customer so I can supervise them making my food as directed through the nifty "subway" like set up. I'm convinced it's not a guest experience thing being able to watch them make your food in front of you. It's so they don't muck it up. Because on the phone they've never let me down. Mucked. Up. Every. Time.