Cantina, pull it together. I was super excited to try the new Park Road location and even more excited that they were opening for weekend brunch, but this experience was one miss after another. I'm hoping it's just because they're in a new location and trying to get acclimated, but...

We got there on a Sunday at 9:00 am when they open, and I wasn't sure we'd walked in the correct door because there was a ladder in the lobby and numerous cardboard boxes, and construction workers were milling around. A guy walked up to me, and I asked if they were open; he said they were, gave us his name (but I still have no idea if was the owner, manager, etc.), and proceeded to take us on a tour of the new location. Call me cranky, but it's early on a Sunday morning, and I haven't had any coffee - just seat me and feed me! He let us pick where to sit, which some might appreciate, but I can't make decisions before coffee, and the new location is so huge, I felt overwhelmed. He also came over again mid-meal to tell the fella how they have TVs and the NFL Sunday Ticket in case he's into football or fantasy football. 

Our waiter was super weird. He kept trying to pronounce the words on the menu in Spanish (being funny?), so he asked us how we liked the "Mehican" food and tried rolling his r's. It was awkward to say the least. He rarely made eye contact with us because he was watching the TV over our shoulder. He also never refilled our drinks, and when I finally asked about more coffee, he forgot. I waited and waited, and when I finally saw him again, he told me they were out of coffee and it was brewing. This was at 9:25 when they'd been open for 25 minutes, there were literally 4 people in the place, and one of them - the fella - wasn't even drinking coffee. The cup he finally brought me was so bad I couldn't even drink it. Thankfully the waitress for other couple saw that we were out of water and refilled that.

Onto the food... I got the Mexican Lager Pancakes with bananas, scrambled eggs, and bacon. The bacon was way spicier than I'd planned on, but the pancakes were good. The banana slices come in the batter (much like they do other places), but our waiter made a scene out of yelling to the kitchen staff that there were no bananas, and then he made me cut into my pancakes to prove that they were in there. For. The. Love. The fella got the Chorizo Burrito, which was deliciousy cheesy. Oddly enough, our waiter brought chips and salsa to our table... at 9:00 a.m.

Alllll that said, the new location is bright and spacious, and I'm glad for the ample parking. I'll try again, but not for a loooong time til I let you guys try it out and give me the "all clear" to go back.