Well holy shit - my first Vegas review!  I have recently relocated to the city of Vegas for work, from the beautiful Derby City of Louisville, KY, and I am having a blast exploring the city and everything it has to offer, so let's get down to it!

To me, the beauty of Mexican food is that it is very communal and down-to-earth.  Its flavors are brought to life through the simple preparation of simple ingredients, mixed just right.  It's just good, homely food, free of pretentiousness, generous in quantity, and best enjoyed in a laid-back, unassuming environment.

And that's precisely where La Comida, with its cool, bohemian, ironically hip vibe collides with the heart and soul of traditional Mexican food.  It strips away the real idiosyncrasies of authentic Mexican dining in order to offer a distant, mutated version of it, conveniently prepackaged for the haughty, trend-seeking crowd.  Let's face it, no Mexican restaurant touting any kind of authenticity would charge so damn much for such modest portions, nor would it pepper its ambiance with a faux Latin cover of "Sweet Dreams" by Eurhythmics and dubstep remixes of Ace of Base, which I caught playing over the PA.

To be fair, the food was not bad.  My Pollo al Horno was actually tasty (though a bit on the dry side) and the chips and salsa were also quite good and obviously homemade.  The service was also pretty good; prompt and very courteous, so basically the root of my dissatisfaction comes down to price.  Look, if you're going to charge me $20 for a margarita, I expect a commemorative pair of booty shorts, or a kitschy container I get to take home or something.  There is also no way I'm shelling out $5 for a can of PBR, unless that can is a barrel and I also feel if I'm going to pay $16 for a chicken entree, I should get my own rice and beans.  Having to share such a tiny portion with my entire table didn't feel like a courtesy but more of a peeve.

I'm not sure I want to back to La Comida.  I get the sense that they're trying to elevate and experiment with Mexican cuisine which is all fine and good but the food was just okay, which considering the prices and the ambiance to me it means they're way off the mark.  A cool vibe will never replace a satisfactory dining experience, so I echo the sentiments of those who've said they much rather eat a cheap, seedy joint offering better food at reasonable prices.

On that note, who's got recommendations for a GOOD Mexican place?  Sorry LV, this is one area where I still remain far from impressed!