I had high expectations since the restaurant advertises that they are the best thing to come out of Mexico since Salma Hayek! That kind of flaunting piqued my interests.  This was our second attempt to eat here.  We had a failed attempt on a Friday night--the place was screaming loud and overbooked so we decided to try again later when it wouldn't be so busy.  So we went in on a Saturday afternoon, around 1pm. 

 The place was much more mellow.  We were seated promptly and the waitress seemed friendly at first.  She instructed us to order two kind of tacos and that each order would come with 3 of them.  My fiance and I were looking for a lighter lunch so we decided to split an order of their Mahi-Mahi tacos and pair it with their traditional guacamole and then the fried plantains.  Upon us ordering this combo and sticking with our waters instead of adding on drinks (it was 1pm and 106 outside!!  Hello dehydration!) our waitress' demeanor instantly changed.  Obviously we weren't ordering enough for her to deal with us for the rest of the meal.  

When our food came out--like 4 minutes after we ordered it--and all at once, not in stages, before I even had a chance to take a bite she was already back asking us how our meal was.  We both looked at her, dumbfounded, and replied, "we were just about to take a bite to see!".  She lingered for a minute and then got the hint we'd like to actually try our food before answering and then left--not remembering to look at the water glasses that were already empty.    It actually took until we had finished our meal before she noticed that we were out of water. She only noticed because we ended up scooting our glasses all the way to the front of the table so she could see they were empty.  When she finally did pour us more water, black chunks fell into my fiance's glass.  We ended up having to wait for her to come back by (another 5 minutes after we had finished eating) to tell her he needed a new glass of water since she poured something strange into his last glass.  Each glass of water was only filled 1/2 full.  For glasses that only hold about 12 oz of liquid, to fill them with 6oz is really ridiculous and just shows a waitress' lack of care about her customers.  
Service Rating:  2/10  

We tried our food and to be honest it was pretty good.  My review rating is mostly for the service instead of the food but, the food had its own issues.  
Tacos: As an avid taco eater, it is ALWAYS a disappointment to see tortillas that have not been warmed on a comal.  Our tortillas were just room temperature and not even heated at all.  Big fail for a taco place.  Who doesn't heat tortillas???  The fish tacos had a strong salt front but were balanced with the beer batter that lingered on the pallet.  The baha style sauce was faint, the tacos could have used a little more of it and maybe even more heat--spice!  The slaw was grated which was an interesting touch and provided a decent texture.  I would give these a solid 8/10.

Guac:  They are not afraid to use spice!  Avocados are very chunky in the final product which is good, but the chips that were served with the dish were broken so much that we had to use a fork to put the guacamole on them.  I have a sneaking suspicion that they use frozen avocados, but I could be wrong.  The Guac gets a 7/10 because of the nice heat level and chips get a 3/10 for being over salted and broken.  

Plantains:  Probably the best part of the meal.  These were cooked to perfection and the jalapeno ginger sauce was a perfect compliment. 9/10! 

I will be back to the restaurant to try out the Hongos tacos but will request that my tacos be heated and that our waitress keep a careful eye on our glasses throughout our meal.