Fairly tasty food, if it's hot but HORRIBLE service with mindless employees.

First, I have to say the service here is typical of what you may expect when you have college students (particularly ASU) as employees.  For the guys, the girls where short shorts with cheeks exposed if that is what you are looking for.  However, you trade that for service.  The staff's collective IQ is less than that of an average college student and it's difficult to communicate with them, loud ambient noise aside.

A busboy (Brent) just walks around expressionless, flexing his muscles and acting as though he absolutely hates being there. The other, shorter, shorter busboy was the only one there with a personality and should have been waiting tables.  

The DJ just hits on the waitresses the whole time while blurting out the occasional "Sup Bruh" when is friends come in.  I am a fan of loud (good) music but a lot of patrons were complaining, not that the music was horrible (which it was - EDM) but that it was SO loud you couldn't communicate with anyone who worked there much less the people sitting in close proximity to you at your table.

They charge you for chips and salsa, which is ok I guess.  After all, you can't make money if college students just come in and drink beer for dinner while filling up on free chips and salsa.  However, they charge you an extra $1 for every "Shot Glass" of salsa you order.   And I do mean "shot glass."  These things are tiny and only allow you to eat about 10 chips per order of salsa.

They were out of glass pint glasses so my first beer came in a plastic cup.  The waitress said the bartender said they were the same size, 16 ounces.  No way.  I finished it and poured my next pint (in a real glass) in to the plastic cup an there was still 2 oz. left in the glass. So....the plastic cups are 14 ounces.  However, I was not charged for the first beer since I made a stink but others should be aware of the gimmick.

Bottom-line, this place is always packed, which is why we tried it.  Just be prepared for bad service and the staff  being more interested about how they look versus the service they provide.  The food was pretty good but half of it was coldish and inconsistent.