Just ate here and will say it was pretty packed but we got seated in about 5 minutes. But it was packed and probably resulted in the poor and sloppy service we got.

Got drinks at the bar and got seated and got special guac that had pomegranate arils in it. The pomegranate did add a nice splash of tang to the guac, only problem I had was that this tableside guac was 11 bucks and the server just used one of the prep bowls to combine everything; we ended up with a bowl with about two ice cream scoops worth of guac and Im trying not to exaggerate. For eleven bucks I should at least get a bowl bigger than what the onions and cilantro came in.

Next was the queso fundido. At first glance we saw a small pool of water and grease so we decided to mix it thoroughly. The cheeses, onion, chorizo, and seasoning was on point, but half the dish was a watery pool and the other half was a stringy mess like pulling a slice off a good pizza: except this was supposed to be a dip. I was expecting a consistency of nacho cheese, where when you pull the chip off, the cheese falls in ribbons back to the tray, absorbing back into the mothership. My cousin said this might just be what queso fundido is, as we both never had it before. I don't know, you tell me, I honestly think that the cheeses weren't completely incorporated yet when they served it. 

I got the cochinita pibil tres tacos. The tortillas didn't taste heated up, and it ended up pretty starchy and grainy with the pork, which was seasoned with nice sour pickled veggies, but no sauce. Should've asked for hot sauce! The fries were okay, not really spicy, but the hot ketchup was good.

My cousin had a filet mignon torta and we first noticed that the bottom bun was soaked in the sauce which was slathered on part of the plate. So soggy bun and decent meat was going to be okkkkk, until we tasted that they didnt reduce the alcohol in the sauce enough and it was a real mismatch with the meat. :/ I'm sure it is a good sauce, had they weren't been so busy and overlooked our table.

I am afraid to say that this socal boy tried to salvedge this meal by making my own dish: carnitas fries with salsa, pickled vegetables, and hot ketchup. I tried. Not sure if I'd go again given the chance, but I will say I'll eat that queso fundido again. Drunk.