I'm from LA, so I know good Mexican food when I taste it... and this isn't it. Is it horrible? No, but nothing remarkable that's for sure. And the service? Horrible. 

Let's start from the beginning. Our party of four was crammed at a tiny table with tons of foot traffic. Some girl came over to take our order... not sure who she was, as she made it a point to tell us she was NOT our server but was going to be taking our order. Clearly she wasn't happy at being told to help out our actual server, as she was rude, surly, uninterested and completely unhelpful. 

When ordering, I said to her, "How are the short rib enchiladas?" I got a blank stare and she replied, "they're good" in such a way that I began to question my order and said, "I'm not hearing any enthusiasm... should I order something else?" She robotically replied with a sigh and said that she's never had them, but they are popular there. Um ok. 

Then, my friend who is a vegetarian, was told by the people at the front that almost everything on the menu could be modified into a vegetarian dish. (I mean, it's really not that difficult. Take any freaking dish and omit the meat and voila!) Rude girl taking our order: "WHO told you that?!!" and rolled her eyes and put her hands defiantly on her hips. Then she added, "The ONLY vegetarian options are a cheese quesadilla or a salad!" After being told what was said at the front, my friend asked if she could order cheese enchiladas with avocado and was told "Oh, I guess you could do that." When our food came, no cheese enchiladas... but instead, a cheese quesadilla. ((SIGH)). The food runner was just as rude. My friend made the comment that it wasn't what she ordered but she'd eat it anyway. The runner insisted on getting the enchiladas as she barked, "BECAUSE WE WANT YOU TO BE HAPPY!" Lol.

And during the long period of time we were waiting for our food, I flagged down a server and asked for some chips and salsa. And as if this place didn't suck already, I was told they CHARGE for chips and salsa! What?!! Come again?? Never, ever in my life have I been to a Mexican restaurant (and I've been in a LOT in my time) and been charged for chips and salsa. I mean, I know we are in the price gouging capital of the world, Las Vegas, where dumb tourists will fork out any kind of money not knowing any better, but it will be a cold day in hell before I pay $5 bucks for chips and salsa. One week later, I'm still shaking my head as I write this.

Other than that, we never saw our server again... never checked on us, refilled water, nothing. The food was unremarkable. Average, at best. The mango picante margarita was pretty decent... took forever to arrive but tasted good. I was about 85% thru my meal when someone over my shoulder tried to take my plate away (wtf). And then for the remainder of our meal, there was a staff member table stalking us to fill our table the second we stood up, which was uncomfortable and we felt rushed (even though the service on their end was slow). 

Summary: Disappointed.