The "best part" about the Diablo's Cantina is also their biggest weakness - the waitresses.  They have an attractive female wait crew, complete with tank tops ala Hooters, but be prepared to be ignored, wait unnecessarily long for anything, and to have your order screwed up.  I think people go here for the atmosphere and the waitresses, or at least the hyped Vegas expectations of those things, so don't go in expecting anything other than hype.

Pros
Attractive waitresses in tank tops
Strip location

Cons
Not good for large groups
Service is slow/bad
The food is average at best

The place gets busy on the weekend with a lot of foot traffic coming in off the Strip.  I do not recommend this place for large groups/parties because it is a hassle in terms of getting a table and getting your food/drinks out.  In our group, the final dishes didn't come out until about an hour and half after the first dishes came out - we basically had to bag 3 dinners because we were ready to leave when they finally came out.  Additionally, drink orders and requests for napkins or utensils were frequently forgotten/ignored, and they had this attitude as if we were somehow keeping them from doing something else.  The waitresses like to talk among themselves or play on their phones - good luck getting their attention.

We had a large group and basically ordered the entire menu, which means that I got to taste most of their offerings.  Without my opinion being soured by the poor service, I can honestly say that the food couldn't compete with your local taqueria - Chevys runs circles around this place.  Despite all of the negative aspects, the place isn't a bad place to hang-out if you've got the patience and don't care about the non-existent service.  

There are other places with much better food and drinks, and the Strip is full of women who will ignore you - proceed with caution.  Below average food and poor service cannot be masked by young ladies in tank tops - this is Vegas, you can do better than this.