We made reservations here since there was a lot of activity at the MGM Grand, as I am sure there always is.  We waited a few minutes to be seated in the bar area.  Was a little disappointed since we did make a reservation.  And being it was "happy hour" time, most of the patrons around us were "happy hour" partakers.  Our server was pleasant but the service was extremely slow.  We were almost done with our chips and salsa by the time he came over to take our order.  We knew we wanted to try the table side guacamole, so we ordered that and he ran away before asking or taking our drink order.  When he came back to take our drink order, he ran away again.  We were ready to order our entrees, but he literally could only take one order at a time.  

The table side guacamole was very good.  A good amount of avacodos, onion, cilantro, tomatoes and salt. We ordered margaritas, mine was a frozen, prickly pear, and raspberry margarita on the rocks.  Both were very refreshing.  Since we filled up on chips and salsa and guacomole, we shared fajitas.  We had a chicken and shrimp combo.  You have the choice of flour or corn shell tortillas.  We got flour tortillas, and there was three small ones.  The shrimp was very good, and had a mesquite seasoning.  The chicken had some pink spots on it which kind of concerned me.  

We needed to get to a show and was looking for our server to get the bill.  When he got to our table, we gave him a card, and he disappeared for a while.  When he finally came back he said the credit card machine was down so had to take a carbon copy of it.  However when I was walking out, I saw other peoples bills being delivered I saw their's were done the modern way.  I didn't have time to ask why my receipt was the old school kind. The next day we went down to the restaurant to ask if their machine went down last night, no one could give us a straight answer.  It was a little suspect if you ask me.  There are plenty better establishments to go to while in LV.