We went to this restaurant based on reviews seen on yelp. We made reservations for 7:30 on a Saturday night. Upon arrival we were quickly seated. I was shocked that this place was next to a strip club but you would never know it once inside. The decor was festive and modern. There are large booths around a bar. Once seated someone brought  a few waters and said will return with chips. He came back and said someone would be with us soon to take our order. We waited about 10 minutes and no one returned. The same person came back and said he would take our drink order and someone else would take our food order. He suggested we start on the table side guacamole and we agreed. We watched the server go to the bartender and tell him he wasn't sure who our server was supposed to be but we had been sitting there awhile.  It was definitely awkward. The gm of the restaurant also came by but still no waiter. He came back with our delicious but spicy jalapeño margaritas and we snacked on chips and salsa. There were three provided: a red salsa with medium heat, a green salsa very flavorful, and a thin red sauce that looked and tasted like straight up hot sauce. It would have been nice if there was an explanation of the three. Next was the table side guacamole. The server came with all the fixings and asked us what we preferred in our guacamole. He went over the menu, explaining everything was non gmo including the chips. He also apologized that our server still hadn't been by. There were two small wedding parties taking place but aside from that there were only three other tables including ours. No real excuse for our "waiter" to not have been by in the 30 minutes we had been there. We snacked on the guacamole which needed more salt but overall was very good. You could taste the fresh avocado and freshly smashed garlic. 

Our waiter finally showed up and I asked his opinion on what dish to order. He said hmm let me see the menu and suggested the pork chili verde. My fiancé ordered a carne asada burrito. Our food came quickly, almost too quickly compared to the wait for a waiter.  The mole looked unappetizing on the plate chucks of meat under a thick green sauce covered in pepitas. I have had mole before but it never looked like this. I tasted a chuck of meat which was fork tender. It was hard to get it down. The meat tasted microwaved! My fiancé tasted it and suggested I eat half of his burrito it was that bad! I decided to taste another piece, it was Inedible there was no way I could eat it. I moved on to the black beans...horrible too! They lacked in flavor and seasoning. It was like they opened the can and put it on a plate. The cilantro rice along side tasted like uncle bens rice with seasoning.  The carne asada burrito on the other had was awesome! The meat was so tender and flavorful. 

Overall, I would probably not make the drive back to return for a meal. If in the area, maybe for happy hour which offers half off drinks and appetizer specials but the experience in a whole was a turnoff. I will stick with Leticia's  Mexican cucina in Centennial Hills which is always good.