I was hoping that I did not have to write a review about Casa Don Juan as two stars but I have to be completely honest in my rating.  We were in the neighborhood and decided to give them a shot during the "Cinco de Mayo" celebrations.  They were planning three days of festivites 3rd-5th we decided on the kickoff party on Sunday.  How disappointing this visit was.  

The staff the greeted us right away and we were seated shortly.  This is where the service took a turn for the worst.  It took several minutes for someone to greet us at the table and get the beverages ordered.  We decided on a couple of margarita's one on the rocks and one blended.  On the rocks is my preference but my lady friend had the blended and you could not taste the tequila or sweet and sour in that one.  The blended was not the best tasting drink I have had very watery and lacked flavor besides the salted rim.   

Now the big fiasco starts during the order process.  We were looking for a veggie burrito which they had on the menu for $8.00 or so but the server said No! you should order the number 35 which was $13.99.  We needed a build your own burrito with beans, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, guac wrapped in a tortilla.  Easy right?? Well, I had to repeat myself about SIX times to ensure it would come out correctly and even then it did not.  Beans were served on the side with rice and the tortilla was filled with lettuce, cheese and sour cream only. Not sure what happened??? I brought it to there attention and all I got was Sorry! That's it. WTF?

My Enchilladas were ok.  I had the order of 3 and went with one of each of beef, chicken and cheese.   I opted for both green and red sauce on top. one was supposed to be spicier than the other but I could not tell.  The kids share the nacho order but for $6.99 and made incorrectly than requested.  We recieved a plate full of tortilla chips with beans, melted cheese, and sour cream.  No tomato or guac as requested but the meat was on the side which was correct.  

The food was completely ordinary.  Nothing memorable at all.  what was memorable was the service or lack there of.  Slow throughout the entire dining experience.  What was more of a concern was the lack of enthusiam on the employees faces.  I did not see anyone besides the host smiling.  The bar tenders both the male and female looked as if they were mean as junk yard dogs. Very unwelcoming.   This is supposed to be a "Cinco De Mayo" Celebration and none of the staff looked like they were having fun or were even interested in working Sunday.  What a shame.  The first impression of Casa Don Juan was not a great one and we will not likely be back anytime soon.