stopped in here yesterday late afternoon for a little happy hour treat. after we were seated in the bar by the hostess nobody came over to take our order. almost 10 - 15 minutes later the hostess came by again and asked if anyone came by for drinks and when we said no she brought somebody over. i didn't catch our waiters name but he took our drink order along with a side of chicken nachos and gave us some water. the glasses that were brought over were really warm though. no ice water was served here. i could tell my boyfriend was a little displeased. After being thirsty for an hour of mall walking i know he wanted some nice, cold water. he was pleased they had one of his favorite beers though, modelo especial. i ordered a frozen prickly pear margarita ($4.95) while Dan T. ordered his beer. Another 10 minutes went by before we got our drinks. Dan enjoyed his beer and my margarita was refreshing. A little too sweet but it is the first margarita i have had in months so i shouldn't complain. i recommend the prickly pear to the ladies and gents who prefer to not taste their alcohol. i had no idea i was getting anything. about another 10 - 15 minutes passed before we got our nachos. they didn't warn us the plate was burning hot so my hand almost melted when i touched it grabbing some nachos. OW! they weren't bad. i wish the bottom part didn't consist of 8 nachos turned one because of melted cheese. the guacamole and tomatos were not spread out, but one of each on the side. weird. i do wish they were all over and messy though. it mostly consisted of melted cheese and chicken. the meat wasn't bad, but it should have had a little more flavor to it.
I don't know if i will be back. wasn't awful and disgusting, but nothing really made me say wow between the drink and the nachos. it was sunday from 4 to 5pm and the place wasn't packed at all so the fact that nobody came by for a while at first annoyed me. i had such better hopes for this place. oh well. i'll stick to dos caminos if i am over in the area.