Wow, I'm beginning to think there is no great Mexican food in AZ. I moved here from Chicago a year ago and have been to about 1/2 dozen Mexican restaurants with 4 star plus and reviews and I'm left thinking, "really"? 

I dropped in last Friday late afternoon after the Sox-Cubs game in Glendale with my daughter. I live in Goodyear and thought I would give this place a try based on the reviews. Nothing fancy in the ambiance. It's a small storefront location, place your order at the counter, sit down and someone brings your order. The gentleman at the counter couldn't have been more pleasant. Patient, smiling, helpful. I was really excited to see the place full of locals. (Usually a good sign, right?) We ordered a steak and chicken burrito dinner and sat down at a table.

The chips and salsa were pretty good. There is an awesome salsa they provide that was really tasteful (tasted a little smoky and spicy) The salsa bar was pretty good, too. Their carrots and jalapenos were very good. At this point, Don Pancho is grooving in the 4 star range.

After about a 25 min. wait for our food, the kindly gentleman brought our order over to the the only other Caucasian couple table in the place. I stopped him and asked if that was our order and the other couple (obviously not too familiar with Mexican food and they came in 15 mins after us) looked confused- but they ordered tacos. So the kindly gentleman brought our order to our table. All down hill from here. Steak burrito- grisly, tough, overcooked, too salty. Chicken burrito- tough, boiled, bland. Beans were really great. Rice was okay. Man was I disappointed. I've read other reviews and was really hyped to try this place out. Also, there were about 4 people waiting for about 30 mins for their orders. I'm really not too sure what takes them so long to deliver, but if the food was worth the wait it doesn't matter. I can't say it was.

After one year in Phoenix, Senor Taco is still the best experience I've had with Mexican food. (Who would of thought?) I'm going to start visiting the taco shacks on 85. There has to be a diamond in the rough here somewhere.