I wish I could give this place a better rating, but only some of the food is pretty good. It's super inconsistent in each meal.

Each time I've been here I've had the same experience with the chips: they are TERRIBLE. Super cheap and thin, they are super fragile, and they taste kind of like those really cheap crappy chips you buy from the bargain rack at a grocery store in bulk. The chips are just awful. Which is a shame! Because the chili con queso, while still tasting kind of cheap and crappy, tastes good. And the salsas are really good! I just have to load them onto these totally crap chips.  

Last time I was here I had some fajitas with chicken and jack cheese and bacon. I forget the name, but it was really delicious. Unfortunately, the rice and beans that come with it taste like they're just bulk-bought at a supermarket. The rice is kind of flavorless and the beans are super watery, and also don't have much flavor. The main dish, the chicken and bacon and cheese and onions and peppers, that was delicious though.

The time previous to my last visit, I ordered the tacos. Holy cilantro! I hate cilantro. HATE it. Typically if I forget to order something without it, I don't have too hard a time either pulling it off or eating a small amount of it, as long as there are other flavors to blend with. These tacos had a HUGE amount of cilantro on them. Ridiculous amount. I spend over 20 minutes picking it out of the tacos. Yes, it literally took me that long to try and get not all of it, even, just enough that I could eat the tacos and taste anything else other than the cilantro. Sure enough, this last time my wife ordered the same tacos and they came out with the same huge mountain of cilantro in each taco. It isn't even just on top, it's all mixed into every part of the taco. It's totally inedible, and my wife doesn't share my disgust for cilantro either. She's just normal, and even she found it inedible and spent a solid 5 minutes trying to get enough of it out of the tacos.

Lastly, It is not possible to have worse lighting. The directly-overhead-and-super-bright pot lights make reading the menu nearly impossible without constantly moving it around to avoid the glare spots. And it's super bright, it gives me a headache and since the lights are so focused there are weird super-bright-then-kinda-dark-then-super-bright-again spots all over the place. It's very straining on the eyes, and it's uncomfortable to sit in.