I've seen this place all the time but never went because I knew of other Mexican restaurants that I know are good. But my dad has been eyeing it and since he's paying he decided where to go.

First we stood at the front for 5 minutes waited to be seated. 1 waitress was delivering drinks to a nearby table, glanced at us, and kept on going. No greeting, No be right there, completely ignored. So we got to eye the diners food who were seated near by while we waited.

Finally we were seated. Another 10mins role by, passed by several waitress until our drinks we're taken. I told the lady we were ready to order and she said okay...and walked away. Really?!

I ordered an Horchata and a black coffee. I got a very thin milky horchata and coffee with cream on the side. Another waitress came and took our order. We got complimentary chips salsa and refriend beans as we waited. When our meal arrived about 15mins later, I returned my horchata because it was mostly water. After I was half way done with my meal, I finally got the water I asked for when I returned the horchata. Oh, when I returned the drink thats when she decided to tell me that the machine is down and "their working on it." If that was the case I would've ordered something else to begin with.

My meal was 2 talapia tacos, rice and beans with a ceviche tostada on the side. The fish tacos were good, not great but good - same with the beans. The tacos had a tblsp of chopped lettuce and tomato's. I didn't touch the rice. After I finished my meal I asked about my tostada because that never appeared. 5mins later it arrived. The ceviche was piled on top of the tostada, so I had to eat half of the ceviche before I can even pick up the tostada. THAT was delicious.

Dad got a side of beans, a cheese enichilada and over easy egg. First he was disappointed because he didn't get a tortilla with his meal. Each of my taco's came with 2 corn tortillas, so I handed him one of those to keep him happy while we waited for the waitress to happen by. One waitress came and he asked for a sopapilla. She said okay and another waitress came back to us asking about it. They didn't understand that all he wanted was bread to dip into is bean and egg. He even switched to Spanish in the hopes of getting a better understanding of what he wanted. It usually comes with honey and powdered sugar but he had to explain again, all he wanted was the bread. ONE. So 5mins later she came back with 4. 

He didn't care for his meal. The refried beans weren't the greatest, the cheese enchilada was made from the can and the egg had too much yolk for his liking. He barely touched it. He did eat some of my rice I didn't want.

All in all, it won't be some place I would be returning. When I crave Mexican seafood, I'll go to Marisco's.

The one good thing, it looks really small from the outside - but it's nice and big inside.