Had my first experience with this popular spot today.  Unfortunately, our waitress was on her third day on the job so service was poor.  She and the manager even apologized for that.  But, everyone is new to a job at least once and, as a former restaurant worker, I tend to be quite forgiving.  Whenever I go to a new "ethnic" restaurant I usually order one of the "baseline dishes," because if these dishes are good the rest of the menu items are also usually good.   Here I did a taco and a cheese enchilada combo.  First, I couldn't get ground beef even though the waitress told me ground beef was an option, instead I got big chucks of shredded beef in the taco.  The pieces were dry and tough, so as I bit into the taco shell I ended up with a huge hunk of beef hanging out of my mouth with a little piece of shell.  Not at all good.  Most disappointing, though, was the complete lack of "zing" in any of the food I had.  Everything was bland, bland, bland, even the salsas served at the beginning of the meal were lackluster!  I could not taste any cilantro or jalapeno in anything!  Mexican food is supposed to have a little kick in it, but not here.  Even Taco Bell has more spice and flavor than Gecko Grill.  My wife ordered a Seafood Grande with the sauce on the side as she is extremely sensitive to any level of spicy food.  Turned out there was no sauce in this dish but the burro was covered with melted pepperjack cheese because that's too hot for her.  She sent it back and ordered a shredded beef chimi.  The staff did get that out fairly rapidly.  While my wife liked this dish, she did admit that the chucks of shredded beef were very dry and not until she poured some of the liquidy bean dip on the meat was she satisfied with it.  I tasted some of the beef and it was very dry, just as in my taco.  Also, she got a little cup of salsa fresca with her chimi but thought it was more like pico de gallo.  I tasted it and it was so oniony that I actually spit it out into my napkin.  YUK!  The onions tasted as if they had been soaking in the pico de gallo for several days.  I'm not able to recommend this place to anyone unless you want to pretend you are eating Mexican food and are satisfied with the "gringo" blandness that permeates their menu.