I visited Round Corner Cantina with my cousin last Sat.  We were looking for a place to have dinner, so I looked through my pack of City Dining Cards.  Based on the options available, my cousin and I both decided on Round Corner, so we headed over to Lawrenceville to check it out.

At the time of our visit, it had just finished raining, so almost all of the tables on the patio were empty.  We decided to hedge our bets by sitting at the outdoor bar, which had partly covered seats.  Fortunately, it didn't rain any more, and the rest of the tables on the patio filled up during the time of our visit.  To get to the patio, when you walk in the front door, proceed to the doorway at the far end of the bar and you'll see another doorway leading to it right after that (this wasn't clear to us upon first entering!).  I highly recommend sitting on the patio if possible, since it's quite nice, whereas the indoor rooms are dark and stuffy.

Once seated, we started off by ordering chips and guacamole ($7), which came out in about 5 min.  The chips were underseasoned and had a bit of a waxy texture, and the dip was fresh (containing avocado chunks) but wasn't super flavorful.  Nevertheless, they served their purpose as an appetizer by giving us something to munch on while awaiting the rest of our order.  This was a good thing, since the rest of our order took 30 min. to come out, which the bartender said was due to the printer in the kitchen breaking.

For our entrees, my cousin ordered the pescado (fish) tacos ($9), and I ordered the carnitas (pork) tacos ($9).  We each exchanged a taco with one another so that we could both try both different types of tacos.  I found the tacos mediocre in flavor and composition, esp. for the price.  The fish was the better of the two--the shell of the pork taco fell apart while I ate it due to grease, and the meat was a bit chewy.  We also ordered the elote (Mexican street corn; $5) as a side item. This was by far the best part of the meal--the cotija cheese topping was quite delicious.  Even so, the corn was a bit mushy, which detracted from the overall effect.

Overall, I was less than impressed with the quality of the food at Round Corner, esp. for the price (fortunately, we didn't pay full price thanks to the City Dining Card).  And, needless to say, I wasn't exactly pleased with having to wait so long for the main order, esp. after the initial order was fulfilled so quickly.  However, the patio provides a nice environment, and our service from the bartender was good, notwithstanding the kitchen delay.  If you're looking for great traditional tacos, I suggest Las Palmas in Oakland or Edgar's in the Strip, and if you're looking for delicious upscale tacos, I recommend Tako downtown.  In general, I'd suggest sticking to drinks and apps at Round Corner, and giving most of the food a pass.  2.5 stars.