Came here a few days ago with some family friends. Mind you, these family friends are from the Mid West and chose this place because they heard it had "really great Mexican food". Next time I let my Windy city friends pick out a "Mexican food" place in the Arizona I have called my home for over a decade, I will think again. So, here we go. I am from Scottsdale, so I pretty much knew where it was. I agree, it isn't very well signed, but when we got there, it as pretty busy. The decor is AMAZING. What a beautiful restaurant. I was tempted to swipe things off the walls they were so gorgeous. Our server was really sweet and fun and because we were a large party, we were sat in the center of the restaurant, right by the bar. We started with drinks, where the ladies had margaritas, which were good, but very small. I like my margaritas in a MARGARITA glass, not a high ball glass. They had an interesting mix of tequila, but they weren't the best, and definitely not the best bang for your buck, for sure. The chips and salsa and guacamole were okay, but very pricey! Most Mexican restaurants GIVE you chips and salsa, for free! And, we were 8 people and they brought us a little basket of chips, which to me, made no sense. My mom and I shared the fajitas for two as our entree. They serve the beef fajitas with beef tenderloin and sausage. My mom and I both thought that was weird, so we asked for no sausage, just the beef. When it came out, our fix-ens' were great, but no rice or beans or even cheese, which is usually served with fajitas. The tortillas were amazing however, and tasted hand made. The peppers were undercooked and there was like NO MEAT in the fajitas... like, none. Maybe, my mom and I had like 5 small pieces each. The fajitas for 2 are $29!!! I didn't make a stink because I didn't recommend the restaurant, and I wasn't paying, I was being taken out. But, in the end, I would never recommend this place to anyone. There are millions of amazing Mexican restaurants in Scottsdale, it isn't worth a trip. In my line of work, I recommend a lot of restaurants to out of towners, and this place will definetly not make the cut. I guess if you want pretty decor and a decent margarita with sub par food, then its your place, but not for me.