Well...we needed a place to have late lunch/early dinner (3 generations). Close by was Nandos. You enter the restaurant and it's very pretty, and clean. The hostess asked us (about 50 times..ok, maybe only 5, but it felt like 50) if we wanted to sit near the bar because it was happy hour, or if we'd like a booth in the general restaurant. We opted for the general restaurant. As we sat down at the table, we noticed how much stuff was all over the table..honestly we couldn't even open the menus until we rearranged and put some stuff out of the way. The chips and salsa came very fast. Now I say salsa but it was actually hot sauce. I say hot sauce, but it wasn't hot at all. Hot if you're from Minnesota maybe, but it was not good. There were apparently 2 different kinds but you couldn't prove it by me. We ordered drinks. I ordered a habanero infused margarita (gee, maybe I'll get some heat from that). Let me say our waiter was very nice.The margarita gets a 6/10 limes from me. It was interesting, and did have a little bite to it. All of a sudden we had this weird fish smell that wafted our way from the table behind us. Oooo weee, it was fishy..not something we expected at a mexican restaurant. It was an uncomfortable fishy smell, and that's all I'm saying. 

Our food didn't take too long to come..about 15 minutes. I ordered the seafood relleno. Now, I love my rellenos. This was not good. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't good. It came with beans and rice, and they were cooked very well, and had great taste. The relleno had shrimp that was rubbery. The sauce and cheese on it was good. The number 3 that one of us ordered was reported to be very good, and the border chimichanga was "alright". 

The company was great. The waiter was friendly, attentive, and not a pest. The food and drinks were....ok.

My suggestions-hostess person, don't attack people when they first come in. There is a fine line between friendly and creepy. 

Salsa- make some real salsa, or at least have your tomato tasting hot sauce have some heat.