All flash and no bang.

Don't let the trendy decor, soft music, low lighting, and fanciful presentation fool you, Verde's food and service just doesn't deliver.

The chips and salsa were pretty tasty, so when the chicken tacos and chiles rellenos came out with stellar presentation, I had high hopes.  Unfortunately, my hopes were dashed to pieces on the first bite.  Both dishes were bland and uninspired.  All I could taste in the chiles rellenos were the rice and pepper--everything else was lost.  The chicken tacos seemed like they should have been amazing, but when you close your eyes and take a bite, you may be met with disappointment.

We also tried the queso fundido.  It tasted pretty good, but we were served a skillet of the queso, a stack of hot tortillas, and nothing else.  All fine, except we didn't have any plates to put them on.  Therefore, we were left trying to figure out where to put these things down while we ate.  Awkward.

As other reviewers also mentioned, the service here was really lacking.  Here are just a few things that didn't go quite right: Our (original?) waitress seemed completely disinterested, we never heard the specials (even though I overheard another table getting the run-down), no one ever asked how our food was, no one ever asked if we wanted another drink, we had to ask to get our water refilled after they were empty for about 30 minutes, and our waitress disappeared after the first 20 minutes.  Finally, a male waiter was the one who finished serving our table, but no explanation was given that a change had taken place or what was going on.

As another random aside, in the bathroom, there was a tissue box with no tissues (obviously they knew they were out, but didn't refill).  The paper towel dispenser was "touch" only and didn't seem to work (no way to manually dispense paper towels).

All things considered, I was really disappointed.  Unless they get their act together, I don't know how Verde is going to survive with expensive food that tastes bland and is served poorly.