We like Mexican food, and this was only 'food' from the standpoint that we were no longer hungry afterwards, but unfortunately also regretful for having invested time in chewing... and waiting.  Allow me to explain... The trio of salsas brought out with tortillas as we were seated were all but tasteless.  The 'made just for you, table-side guacomole' was too salty, too much lime juice, not enough avocado - the ratios just weren't right, and this was sadly the theme of the meal.  The ceviche was OK, but was almost exclusively shrimp... where was the lobster that was also supposed to be in this pricey appetizer?  Obviously, ceviche needs acid to 'cook' the protein, but the acid wasn't balanced or complex.  So the tastes of salt and lime where first, middle and last.  We've had much better for much less cost in places less exotic than Las Vegas, such as Chicago. 

The considerable lag between tortillas and 'real food' was annoying and the music was loud.  The saturation of red in the decor was interesting from the outside but more gloomy than mood-setting once we were seated and the images on the video screens were jarring and did not contribute positively to enjoying food. 

 I ordered two appetizers and a side as my meal, wanting to try a wider variety of their offerings that just an entree might have provided.  Queso Fundido - primary taste: salt.  Stringy cheese is always fun, but that was the highlight of my meal, this generous portion of blah.  I adore goat, but this could have been any kind of stringy, salty but otherwise tasteless protein, a mealy mastication chore.  I can't remember what the 'side' was called, but was disappointed that it was regular button mushrooms smothered in a heavy, all-but-tasteless cream.  I have never tried properly prepared corn smut and was hopeful that this was what I'd be getting.  But, no.  For those of you who might be curious, "Huitlacoche ("wee-tlah-KOH-cheh"), also referred to as Mexican corn truffle, can be eaten either cooked or fresh."  My husband's black beans were not as satisfying as any you could have gotten from a can and his chile rellenos (sp?) where apparently plated cold because they welded together into a dough ball with cheese in the middle.  Our overwhelming impression was food that was unimaginatively interpreted/prepared/presented, over-salted and only appropriate for the most flaccid of tastebuds. 

I gave a '2' because the pitcher of margarita was pretty good, though I am not a liquor connoisseuse.  On the other hand, the number of antacids needed to help put the memory of this meal behind us should be the better indicator of 'don't bother with this place'.