Please bring back Diego's!!! Diego's used to be my hubby's & I's go-to restaurant when we stayed at MGM. It was so tasty and had amazing deals. My how times have changed! We live in San Diego, so we have the authority to critique Mexican food. Diego's was grub, but Hecho took ten giant leaps towards "On the Border" status, yuck. 

We went to Hecho last night and ordered the following: $7 margarita, guac, wings, street tacos, and the tres carnes enchiladas. Pretty good happy hour deals. 

The drink was standard in quality, but was served in a pint glass (not used to that). The guac was not table side, but looked fresh. It was ok, big chunks of avocado. The strange thing was, it had this funky effervescence. Some strange tingly sensation! (Maybe something to keep the guac from going brown when they made it ahead of time?) still edible, just weird. The wings were really good, I would recommend them. Thank goodness we got them or my poor hubby would not have been satiated. The three tacos were also pretty standard - nothing great. The meat was sub-par but, again, edible. They could use a special sauce or salsa. The street tacos are a fairly small plate as they don't come with beans or rice, FYI. 

Finally, the tres carnes enchiladas - they were sad. The meats were carne asada (which tasted like jerky), shredded beef (which tasted like rope), and carnitas (which was actually really good!). The enchiladas were dry not only because the meat tasted like it was sitting in uncovered hotel pans for 16-18 hours but also because there was not enough sauce or cheese. For being one of the most hyped plates on the menu, it was just depressing. 

Let me say that I really like the new decor and remodel. But I wish they remodeled the place and not the menu. When my husband and I left, we discussed the changes & I asked him, "Don't you feel like we just left On the Border?"  

This place may satisfy some people who don't know guac about quality Mexican food - but this place, in short, is NO BUENO.