In light of the recent news and video of a Dos Gringos bouncer punching a patron in the face, I thought I should ring in on this establishment....

This bar treats its customers like they are college kids. I suppose they are somewhat justified in this since it is typically a younger crowd. I've had mixed experiences coming here... in the past, I've had acceptable and decent service here, but the last several times I've been there the service has gotten progressively worse. On the last occasion, they took forever to take my drink order and then poured me the wrong drink... then when I went to politely return the full glass of whatever and get what I ordered, they refused to re-make it. I left it on the bar and they threw it away (keeping my money of course) and gave me a dirty look. I also had aggressive bar backs shove me out of the way. 

That experience alone was enough for me to never go back, but it wasn't an isolated incident. It wasn't always that way though... The staff in general here all seem to be complete assholes, but I can almost recall a time when they were decent to me - back in the 1990s. It's a pity because this bar is in a great building and has a fun layout. It's breezy and open and conducive to having a good time drinking after work with your buddies. My old roommate used to hit this place often with his corporate pals and he loved the atmosphere. They do make their drinks pretty strong, so maybe he was too trashed to care about the bad service. 

In their defense, their patrons are often rowdy, young, and unruly - so that's probably why it has evolved into this. I've found the Tempe location to be more laid back though, so it's still pretty excessive if you ask me. I have to give this place an extra star because it's still a good place for young folks to go grab a beer and chill. I think this punch in the face incident may get them to reevaluate their staff and maybe give them all sensitivity training or something. It can only get better from here.