Was extremely excited to finally try the Mexican restaurant inside the Red Rock. This was the very first week. We were so excited we try to go as soon as we noticed there was something going on inside! Well it turns out that it was the employees training. "OK that's awesome" I'm thinking to myself. This means we are really close! We were given a nice card that entitles us to 50 percent off our first visit . "Cool". 


So we go back on a Wednesday or Thursday in late June. Like i mentioned the very first week. We are greeted by a nice enthusiastic host and are seated and given 2 menus.  After taking a good look at the menu we decided to go with a "plate". Before i go on. I will mention they have several different plates to choose from. The carne asada plate was not available. They ran out of carne. Ok, that's disappointing but i will survive. I'm in the mood for enchiladas (as always). Before i go any further i will mention a plate costs $22.

 Oh look they have an option for my choice of "any 2 plates"  it's twice as much ($44) which just happens to come with 2 enchiladas! WOW! . One of their regular "plates" must easily fill up one person. Let's go with the 2 plate option and share! So we decide to get the $44 plate and we go with the chicken and the green pepper thing (whatever it was called). All set. 

So our order is placed. My girlfriend leaves to go and finish up her make up in the ladies room and i am left alone, so I decide to put the ball game on which was near complete. So I'm thinking nothing of it enjoying the game on my smart device. Gf getting ready still. Game ends gf finally makes it back. We are about 30 minutes in at this time. Sweet our food must be just about ready! 

Another couple comes in and is seated right next to us even though there are tons of seats available. So they are seated given menus order their food. We now kid around and say they must have had to kill the chicken. About 15 minutes roughly goes by. Oh what do you know their food is brought out and they begin to enjoy their dinner. Even they must have been wondering where our food was. Well our server was nice enough to pop by and say "5 more minutes'. " OK good"   starved at this point. 

15 minutes later our $44, 2 plate mercadito special finally arrives. One small plate is placed on our table. So i ask our server i said we ordered the 2 plate thing. He was quick to let me know that it was all there. He said that's how it comes. There was a green pepper thing and a chicken breast and two small enchiladas and a very small amount of rice . So as hungry as i am i am very upset at this point because not only did i just wait an hour for this thing. It was supposed to be worth the wait and enough food for 2. Well not even close. The enchiladas which was the only thing i really cared about were dry and just not very good as far as restaurant enchiladas go. Let me say the food on the plate was garnished nicely. So it looked good just didn't taste very good. The chicken was ok. My gf ate all of the green pepper thing. She said that was ok. 

So it turns out the 2 plate thing for twice the money is actually their Mexican outrageously priced version of a dish similar to olive garden's "tour of Italy".  

Now we did mention to our server that we thought the 2 plate thing would be enough for 2 people. Well not even close. At this point they can see we are not happy and our server brings over another generic plate with chicken and rice on it and says "compliments of the chef" as nice as a gesture it was, it was too little too late. Maybe if i didn't wait an hour for my food. After all it wasn't even busy by any means. 

I have come to conclusion that if you go to mercadito and order some tacos and tequila you will probably have a great time. In fact its the only thing i would ever even bother with. So in conclusion if you are in the mood for a taco this is a great option. Just stay away from everything thing else on the menu. In case you are wondering the couple that were seated next to us ordered the tacos (which looked good) and damn near left before our food arrived. Bad place? Not necessarily. Bad experience? Very. At least we brought our 50 percent off coupon.