Went to Tia rosa's with my girlfriend for a meal.... Use to be my parents fav Mexican restaurant. Decided to check it out again. 30 min wait to sit in the restaurant so we sat at the bar which was wide open. Which was understandable because it was uncomfortable, small, no tv and 3 bartenders with a lack of personality and seemed as though they didn't like each other. I have bartended for years and certainly don't expect my bartender to entertain me, but it seemed as though we were being an inconveience to them by requesting to eat our meal at the bar. After asking for a bar towel to wipe off the filthy empty bar cause my arms were sticking to it, we ordered drinks and were immediatly served with a request to pay. We informed him that we had planned on eating as well and would like to run a tab. After retrieving menus and giving us silverware he walked away only to return 10 mins later questioning if we cared for chips and salsa? I was hesitant to say no because I felt as if he really didn't want to deliver them to us. Reminding myself that since I was paying him to serve us and we did go there because we were starving I accepted his offer, as well as ordering a cheese crisp as an appetizer. The cheese crisp came out on a large pizza tin with a small taco size cheese crisp for $5. I presumed they put it on a large pizza tin so the bartender didn't have to go out of his way and offer us appetizer plates. Not interested in using the pizza tin as a plate my gf snagged 2 dirty coffee saucers from the end of the bar so we could enjoy them. The salsa was delicous and our food was really good too. I ordered the fajitas and wasn't pleased with the 2 huge tortillas I had to stuff with only meat since they were lacking on the lettuce, pico de gallo, and cheese which i had to request and pay for on the side. The drinks were very week and people were bringing their drinks back to the bar to get more booze. I myself requested another shot of tequila for my margarita. I asked for a cheap shot of silver tequila and the bartender wasn't sure what to pour so he gave me an $8 shot in my $8 margarita. So basically I paid $16 for a weak margarita. 

The salsa was the best part of our meal, you would think with a restaurant full of cheap snow birds you would have thought a middle aged couple wanting to spend money at the bar running up a $60 tab you would think they would have shown a little bit of effort to accomodate us. 

Next time I will wait 30 minutes and hopefully get a server who would show a little appreciation for your business. If there is a next time.