Be sure to get a reservation:

Nothing here was as shiny as the build up to the place. This is a trendy spot, and like so many trendy places, the flash in the pan goes away with the crowd to the next trendy place. Let's start with the name, our waitress explained that Rokerij is a word that the Swiss use for smoke house. There is virtually nothing on this restaurants menu that has anything to do with a Swedish Smoke House. Please be warned... NOTHING TO DO WITH SMOKE HOUSE COOKING!

The menu blends the food from Richardson's (New Mexican cusine) which adjoins this place with a spiced version of American Classics.

OK here is the blow by blow...

It is my Daughters birthday dinner, she asked if we could have it at the Rokerij as she and her sister had tried to get in on a Friday or Saturday and the wait was about 3 hours. She was excited that this would be something special. It's Monday and the 5 of us arrive in stages. Jo and I were first, the parking seems to be shared with Richardson's it appears to be limited and Valet only.... It says complimentary, however it is just rude not to tip a valet.  The valet took the car and pointed us to the outer stairs to the lower level. This is a bar and it was full of puppy yuppies... OK it is a lame reference back in time but it fits.

We asked about the reservation that my daughter placed, they pointed us back up and around an interior staircase. Up above we were met by the young gal at reception and again we asked about the reservation that they looked up and did not find. There were plenty of empty tables so they did seat us right away. Good for starters... ***Here is another tip Monday nights many of the bottles of wine on the list are half priced*** We ordered a Malbec it was passable. If I was paying the full $30 for the bottle it would have been disappointing.

My birthday girl arrived so we ordered the Mushroom Toast appetizer, it was not bad or outstanding in anyway. But good drink and conversation was the key to the moment. My youngest soon arrived and the decisions as to what to eat began in earnest. One steak, two salads, the creme brulee, and relleno platter with one beef and one pork...

Did I mention that the menu was printed on place-mats? That there are no smoke house items on the menu... That the menu has Schnitzel, Mexican, Duck with Orange Chipolte, and a miss mash of other cuisines... I think the Chef or Mr Richardson lost track of what they were trying to do. You can see the menu online, but I for one can't figure out what the essence of this place is. 

I am so sorry that the expectation was so much more than the meal. I really don't like to dis an establishment. It is a beautiful location in the place that Timothy's Jazz Club was once. But nothing came out that was exceptional except the creme brulee. The rest was simply not great. Not worth the cost... and you will not be sorry if you take a pass on this place.

One last sorry note, the waitress knew that it was my Daughter's birthday and did absolutely nothing to acknowledge that. No dessert... no nothing... If you are reading this Mr Richardson... you should be ashamed
...