My boyfriend and I love Fausto's but we decided to try this place because of the reviews. 

First, my boyfriend asked the lady who was taking our order what was in the California burrito. She said "carne asada, pico de gallo..." etc... all the typical ingredients, but she didn't say french fries. My boyfriend asked if there were french fries in it (typically Cali burritos have fries), and she said no. He asked if any of their burritos have fries, and she said no. My boyfriend ordered the Cali burrito anyways and surprise, there were fries in it. Not a big deal to us, but for someone who might be allergic to something, knowing the ingredients of your food is kind of important. 

Second, I ordered the chile relleno combo plate and the lady says they're out of chile relleno. Okay, a little disappointing, but whatever. So I make a quick decision and order a bean and cheese burrito and made it a combo plate (added rice and beans). My total for the bean and cheese burrito plate was $6.99, which is insanely expensive. This is probably the most inexpensive thing for them to make on the whole menu. It's only beans and cheese. Same thing costs $3 less at Faustos or Roberto's. 

Anyways, we had no idea that they had condiments (green sauce, red sauce, carrots) because no one told us. My boyfriend asked if there was sauce and she said yes. 5 minutes later he asked if there were carrots and she said yes. I wonder what other goodies they have in their fridge that we have no idea about...would've been a lot easier if the lady just told us what they had instead of us asking 20 questions. Had to ask for a fork, then napkins, then knife. Overall this lady didn't really care to help us. If you're not going to have your condiments and supplies self-serving, at least offer them or be approachable by customers. 

The reason why this place gets a 2 star review is because I think their beans and rice are completely disgusting. The beans don't taste like normal refried beans that you get at any Mexican place. They were like boiled whole beans mixed with water with no flavor. They were dry and overall just gross. The rice was burning hot (both temperature and spiciness) and once again, no flavor. Maybe this is more "authentic" and I've been eating refried beans wrong my whole life, nut it was gross. I couldn't even finish half my burrito because I was so grossed out by the blandness and dryness. 

On the other hand, my boyfriend really liked his California burrito. He said it tasted fresh and it was good. 

So I'm sure all their food doesn't suck, but from my experience, I was very unhappy. Paid an overpriced $7.50 for a gross burrito and didn't even get okay service.