Similar to Gallo Blanco, it's style over substance here.  Maybe it's just my palate, but there's nothing more discouraging then knowing what something is probably going to taste like before you even order it: sickeningly sweet margaritas and inedible, salty food.  I love Mexican food, but very picky having grown up in So Cal.  Even so, I thought I'd give an open mind.  We started with some guac, which for $8, came served in a tiny dish and was riddled with brown pieces.  We sent it back for another only to find brown pieces (surprise) folded under good pieces.  The staff informed us "this happens after sitting out for a few minutes".  A few minutes??  Oxidization occurs after a few hours hours...not minutes. Yuck.  I know guac.  Come on.  I then ordered the Lola Salad (striving to add some greens to this meal) which was mostly quinoa (how did I miss "grain" in the description...sorry, "Lola GRAIN salad".  I then reluctantly (anticipating another bad experience with a similar item at Gallo Blanco) ordered the "Beast Burrito" which ultimately confirmed that it was conceived for the menu by very small eyes. Chipotle gives you a hardier serving...this was a below average size.  I didn't understand what was so "beasty" about it.  This turned out for the better as it contained predominately black and refried beans in addition to a bit of over cooked, drowning-in-salt marinade-based carne asada.  There was a nauseatingly sweet taste (fire roasted salsa??) and it was luke warm.  It was very much like Gallo Blanco's carne asada burrito. And my worst peave, BROWNED tortilla to give it a hard, card board like texture. WHY?  WHY must you do this? The whole thing screamed "left over". I couldn't finish it.  Blah.  The only thing that my mind could imagine being worse is if it had been deep fried into a chimichanga!!!  

Overall, predictable and not great food.  I'll give it another try some other time, but messing up guac is really annoying and not being able to finish an entree because it's so gross just made it worse.  Hard to find places that don't pander to the point of exhaustion...I don't think you'll get a better experience at say Blanco Tacos either.  Overly thought menu items that just don't deliver.  

Sorry, better luck next time. If I can muster up the nerve to go back.