Although the atmosphere here is quaint with its live mariachi band, the guy with the rose bucket coming around, and the dim lighting, the food is just...meh.  I went here on the recommendation of a friend I was with and had brought some out-of-town guests here for dinner one night, and I kind of wish I hadn't.  First off, I walk in, and the hostess asks how many people are in my party, so I tell her four, and she says to hold on and leaves.  I thought maybe she was getting menus or whatever, but no.  I'm waiting and waiting, and then, I look over and see her standing at a different hostess desk.  Um...hello.  I thought you were getting me a table.  I'm not really sure what her purpose was cuz the entrance was getting full, and she just stood there.  Finally, an older manager-ish man came out, saw the people, and got another girl to start seating people.  

Once seated, I started to peruse the menu.  There was some Los Olivos special on there, and I was really confused by it because it was really a sour cream-filled enchilada with some cheese on top for $11.  Really?  I could make that myself for roughly $4.  I ended up getting a combination of 1 chicken and 1 beef enchilada, but I couldn't really tell the difference when it came out since it was all kind of hidden under a ton of melted cheese.  When a stranger at the next table asked what was good here, one of my out-of-town guests was like, It doesn't really matter what you get if you get a special because it all kind of comes as one mess on a plate.  That might sound enticing to some of you out there, but I promise you, it's not messy in an awesome way.  It all had the same texture and taste, and I wasn't even sure what that texture and taste was really.  It was kind of awkward, actually.  Afterward, my friend who suggested the place was like, I swear it was better last time I came, but for some reason, it wasn't good today.  He even went so far to say that if he were a Yelp!er, he'd have given the place three stars.  I, however, am giving it two because, really, I've had much better Mexican food around these parts with better parking, better chips and dip, and better everything.  Kind of disappointed in you, Los Olivos.

PS: If you do decide to go here and try it out, know that they DO NOT split checks.