A Cuban food newbie, the other night was my first experience at Havana Grill. 

My friends and I have established a weekly tradition of dining out at different venues every Friday night, some groups larger than others depending on who can or is interested in attending. 

Havana Grill was the spot this past week.

We made reservations for a party of (12) and were accommodated without trouble(the joint was dead to be completely honest). Seated promptly at 8pm, our dinner menus were not brought to our table until a bit after 8:30pm.  Several staff members tended our table and it was clear there was a communication break down somewhere along the line. Server #1 would approach the table to take a drink order and moments later we were asked for our drink orders by another member of the staff. 

Several friends ordered appetizers; the food sporadically arrived in no particular order, some being served around 9pm, others finally hitting the table at 9:10pm.  Entrees.. they too arrived whenever the wait staff remembered to bring them out.  I would say that in addition to that lack of communication between staff members, our annoyance changed focus to the timing in which all food dishes were served.

My friends possess the tradition of waiting until each meal is served before diggin in to their own meals, so waiting 5, 10, and even 15 minutes in between meals being brought out made for an annoyed group of people and cold meals.

Enough about the service and bad timing of the food being presented.. Lets talk about the food itself. It's OK.  I can say that no one at our table was blown away by flavor during this dining experience. 

All in all I would say this was yet another mediocre dining experience where each of us left with a small dent in our wallets, a couple of trips made to the bathroom later, and no real desire to return in the future.

I would CONSIDER eating here again if we had a smaller group of people, perhaps large parties are just too confusing for some service industry "professionals"?