Three friends and I came in for dinner before a show at The Smith Center; I think it's safe to assume the majority of the other patrons were doing the same thing. The show was at 7:30 and we got there just after our 6:00 reservation. Well, two of us got there--the other two were running a bit late but we went ahead and ordered drinks & guacamole. The service was good; they were quite busy and our server let us know we needed to order within the next 5 minutes if we wanted to make our show. We appreciated his letting us know. 

The ambiance is nice as well, and the location obviously is the biggest plus for show peeps. I had brunch here a few months back and it was reasonably priced and decent--plus I think at the time, we were just happy to find ANYPLACE that could fit us in for brunch before a matinee. There is a dearth of decent restaurants around the Smith Center. 

This is probably the main reason Mundo does so well; the dinner menu is quite expensive, the cocktails not much better than Strip prices and the food is okay at best, IMO. "Upscale Mexican." Whatever. I think the word "upscale" is just a good reason to charge more.  
The chips and salsa are good and the cocktails were fine also. The guacamole was really really spicy-- to the point that two members of our party couldn't even eat it. Really? It's guacamole. It's pretty basic and tasty without you trying to all fancy it up with your extra hot peppers or whatever you put in there. It was also $9 for about a third of a cup.

I decided to splurge and ordered the filet mignon chile relleno for $26. Ordered it med rare but was told it is served med well and you don't have an option. I assumed that must mean they were pre-made or something. The presentation was nice and it had potential, but the sauce was so overly spicy that it was hard to taste anything else. The steak itself wasn't that tender or tasty. 

One of my friends had the grilled calamari, which she really liked. Another had the vegetarian relleno and the other had chicken enchiladas. Both of them felt their food was too spicy as well. 

Don't get me wrong; I can enjoy good spicy Mexican food. But flavor should come first, not heat factor.  

We didn't have time for desert and it did take a little time to figure out the $175 check. He said he couldn't split it, which I understand and should have known better than to even ask. Word of advice: when dining with friends and planning to pay individually, bring enough cash. Having waited tables myself, I remember how difficult and timely it can be to split a check so each person can use his or her credit card, especially when they are busy. This is why they will tell you "no."  It is not to annoy you. 

I doubt I'll go back. I guess I prefer my Mexican food more old fashioned and budget friendly. And if I want something more fancy, I'd choose Border Grille any day.