ay caramba! where do I start..... 
It all started because of a nasty tasting can of Budweiser of CHELADA, (beer of choice with lemon, salt clamato and spicy stuff) and this place was recommended because they have the best....well they do!! Here we go: 

-TIME 
Fast and courteous with beautiful Spanish accents sneaking through their English words, the waitresses were prompt and kept checking on us from time to time, we certainly kept them busy. 
-TASTE 
This is where I have issues, My friend had the 7 mares and stated it was good I wouldn't know because I stay away from crab, the Alambres were a bit salty but the rice and beans were delicious, keep in mind that rice and beans are always a big failure in most restaurants, the beans here are fresh and so its the rice, nothing was from a can or a box, awesome! 
I ordered a dozen of raw oysters and they were semi fresh, obviously we are in the middle of the desert so I wont expect much... they were OK. 
Here is where I saw a major failure: the Fish Ceviche, I expected the usual ceviche that is chopped but theirs was mashed up, the waitress explained that it was Nayarit style but I'm not convinced, it was like canned tuna with lime juice, no major flavor. The tortillas are not made on site by hand, they are store bought, I believe that is a major fail in a big Mexican restaurant, also they were not tasty. 
THE CHELADA: the main reason why I came here, it was great!! I would go back just for that! I ordered it with a Victoria beer (recently they just started importing it from Mexico) the spice/salt on the glass rim was just right with the perfect amount of clamato....the whole thing was refreshing. 
THE FLAN!!! omg I almost forgot about this awesome oven baked flan, it was creamy and sweet...I highly recommend it!
-CLEANLINESS 
As clean as a busy restaurant can be, the salsa bottles on the table needed to be wiped other than that the place its old but well maintained. 

-THE RUNDOWN 
A bit pricey for the quality of food, good atmosphere, a bit noisy sometimes I couldn't speak to my friend on the other side of the table due to the high volume music on the speakers. They do play the Soccer games on TV so that's a plus if you like Soccer, beer and a good time. 
I would go back for the Cheladas.