Sooo...I was in Scottsdale for the day to visit a friend who was also visiting the city (she's from Texas and I recently moved to Tucson).  They had already been in town a few days and we were walking around Old Town looking for a place to eat.  We wanted to get Mexican, since after all, this is Arizona, and so I thought to ask someone working at a local business where a good place to go would be.  Without hesitation the woman/local pointed us towards this place, saying "it's the only place in town with good Mexican food."  Now, after having experienced it, I must say, if this is the best Scottsdale has to offer, they're in pretty bad shape and should be kicked out of Arizona.  

The breakdown:  The interior and exterior of the place are very authentic and interesting architecturally.  This is about the only thing that really "wowed" us about the place.  We were a party of three (me, my friend and her mom).  The tortilla chips were "meh"  and the salsas, pretty bland and forgettable. My friend ordered the fish tacos, her mom, the taco salad (with chicken), and myself the cheese and mushroom enchiladas.  All of the items were quite bland.  I had to seriously douse my order in hot salsa just to give it "some" flavor, the rice was flavorless and clumpy and looked like it was cooked a week prior, the beans, also flavorless.  With the addition of the hot salsa my dish was mediocre.  

The servers we had didn't ask how our food was (probably because she- or they- already knew it wasn't very good), my friend and her mom didn't even want to pack their food to go, it was that bad.  


Now, I lived in Chicago for 18 years before my recent move to Tucson, and there are many Mexican places that would put this place to shame, and this is in the freaking Midwest!  


Also, the food is overpriced.  It's about the quality of a Chi-Chi's (are those even still around?) but double the price.   Having read through the reviews it seems the place was once very good (and reasonably priced) but this clearly isn't the case any longer.

Finally, anyone claiming that the food is authentic, is deceiving you.  That wasn't my main contention, however (I do live in Tucson after all, which has no shortage of authentic Mexican) as I have no problem with Americanized Mexican if it's at least good.  But I can definitely see it being a disappointment to someone who may be visiting Arizona from another part of the country and looking forward to authentic Mexican food.

So, if you want mediocre, overpriced Mexican food, and happen to be in Scottsdale, this is your Mecca.  Otherwise go to the Chipotle -their food is at least  flavorful, and you won't feel you got ripped off....