If your a fan of weak overly sweet margaritas, American/Mexi food that's bland, made with mostly very dry meats, in a very LOUD rubbing elbows bar and circus like atmosphere this is for YOU! 

We entered the small restaurant and were almost knocked out by the loud volume of 70s classics anthem songs. As we sat we were quickly served a basket of half crushed chips and a salsa that lacked typical salsa flavors. Since there was four of us we ordered a pitcher of margaritas. After one sip I found the margarita cloyingly sweet and almost liquor free. It was like sucking on hummingbird water. Someone was running around giving everyone tickets for a floatation giveaway in the bar. The number was called soon after and someone left with a nifty corona floatation raft.

A table gets sat next to us and one person from our table really didn't have any space between them and the person from the next table.

We all thought tacos would be a good appetizer since they were on special for happy hour. My husband's short rib taco was very dry and was bland. It lacked fresh herbs and chiles, it was very flat as well as the tacos the other people had at the table. I had the snapper taco. They did prepare the fish better than all the other meats but it also lacked flavors and the flavor it did have was mostly just strong vinegar from the pickled onions. It lacked fresh green onions, fresh cilantro and a pop of chiles would have been nice. It just tasted vinegary with really super sweet chunks of pineapple that seemed like sweetened canned pineapple.

Out of the three appetizers, the drinks, and four dinners only my dinner was actually very good. But I got the kale and mango salad. My salad was prepared nicely, it was tasty and what really surprised me was that the salmon was cooked very nicely. I do note that this might have been the most expensive item on the menu and was a WHOPPING $18.75 for a salad. I know it's Scottsdale but that is higher pricing than what a salad cost on the strip in Las Vegas. I also note the salad did come in small and large and when I asked about the difference my interpretation was that the small looked like a four inch side salad and the large looked like about a foot. 

My husband had the carnitas that was very dry and undeveloped with flavor.

One person at the table had the carne asada fajitas. They were very dry and that person told the waitress and she offered to make a new dish  and latter took the fajitas off the bill.

I thought our server was friendly and efficient.

This is a mixed review but overall it averages to below average so that equals two stars to me.