One thing I know for sure: I am definitely NOT 'On the Border' about this place and I am a big believer in second chances when on the fence.

My spouse and I got $200 worth of Chili's gift cards for Christmas and after quickly getting tired of their offerings decided to try some of the other places that take their gift cards. After all, we weren't paying for it out of own pockets so taking a chance on new place could be fun. On the Border was one of the places that took the gift card so I looked up their menu on-line and thought it sounded promising. So off we went with empty stomachs and high hopes of finding another great location in our neck of the woods. 

We were initially pleased with the decor and cleanliness. It was around 8:30 so it wasn't too crowded - maybe 25 cars in the lot. In fact we were the only ones originally seated in our area (most of the other people were in the Cantina area.) I am wondering if this accounts for the poor service we received. Our drink orders (water) were taken and we were given a basket of overly salted chips and salsa while we looked over the menus. Our water glasses came about 10 minutes later when we were ready to order. I immediately drank the whole thing while the server was still there and remarked how thirsty the salty chips made me and requested a refill.

They were running an 'All-You-Can-Eat-Enchilada' special so we decided to try that. I took one bite of my beef enchilada and decided that was ALL I could eat! Admittedly my spouse's cheese and onion was slightly better but he agreed that he'd never order them again. The rice and beans that accompanied them were edible but still in the 'meh' category. Our server checked on us once to see if we were ready for another serving (no thanks!) Our water glasses were never refilled so I had to resort to the water bottle in my purse. We decided not to waste any more of our gift certificate on dessert. 

NOTE: It surprises me that in a service-driven economy like that of Las Vegas which is suffering from high levels of unemployment, that some servers who are fortunate to still have work don't apply themselves more to making their guest's experience a good one. I am a highly generous tipper when I get superior service, even when I didn't love my meal. Furthermore, because the unemployment here is so high, these food industries should have the pick of the crop when hiring and training employees so there is no excuse for poor service regardless of the poor meal.