We used to be occasional happy customers, for probably the past 20 years or so, but had not been to Los Olivos for quite some time. Thought we would try it again.  We have been there in the past, this time of year, when you had to wait for a table. The place was not busy. What a disappointing dining experience this was. Upon entering we were rudely asked if we wanted the bar, or a table.....by someone I assume was part of the family. He looked like he was dressed to go work out at the gym. I asked for a table. We followed him to the dining room where he threw 2  menus on the table and left.
Our server...an older woman that I'm sure has been there for many years....arrived, and asked if we wanted anything to drink. I ordered soda. My Hubby ordered a beer. She said someone would bring chips, salsa, water, and soda.  That person, the 'bus girl', I guess....was so stone faced and unfriendly...and practically grunted, when we said 'thank you'. No smile. Nothing. Just her demeanor screamed that she did not enjoy her job, and would gladly be anywhere else.
The server returned with the beer. I ordered chicken chimi, with green sauce...rice and beans. Hubby asked for ground beef chimi, with red sauce....rice and beans.
We finished the chips before the meal arrived. No one asked if we wanted more chips. Again, we would have paid extra for more chips. Hubby finally got the server's attention to order another beer. She forgot. He had to ask again.
The food arrived. The server did not bother to ask if we wanted sour cream, or guacamole....as would be common in most Mexican restaurants. Nothing. And we would have gladly paid extra for both. Do they not understand how to 'up sell'??? Same with the beer. I was driving...so Hubby would have gladly downed three of them....it they had just offered it.
This place needs some new wait staff, for sure. Or perhaps some real training.
Both of the chimichangas were dry, bland, and tasteless. Hubby was trying to be nice and just eat his without comment. Finally, I admitted that my chicken chimi was just horrible. The burrito was not fried crisp, and was tough. There was not even a sliver of onion to be found, no seasoning at all. Just ground up 'chicken mush'...with absolutely no flavor. The same with the rice. The beans had a little bit of flavor...not much. Hubby confessed his chimi was also tasteless.
Still no offer of another drink, more chips, nothing.
The 'bus girl' cleared the plates away. The server came by and snatched the empty basket the chips had been in. Not a word.  No....'how was your dinner?'  Or....'can I get you anything else?'  Or...'would you care for another drink, more chips'?  She just disappeared. Finally, she brought  the check. 
Two women standing behind the front counter were talking in Spanish, as we left.
Neither one looked up,  acknowledged us, or bothered to say 'thanks for coming in', 'have a nice evening'....nothing. 
We left....very disappointed. We won't go back. I don't know how they stay in business. Obviously, they just don't care about the customer anymore.