Let me start by saying this. I have heard about this restaurant nonstop for a year now from a co worker who raves about this place. Its not in my neighborhood but finally decided to try it out when I saw a groupon for it online. We made our way east yesterday with high expectations and an empty stomach. 

First off, kind of strange location. Maybe its just me, we live downtown phx not old town Scottsdale. Its stuck between hospitals and out patient clinics, just off Scottsdale road. Parking is tight, you'll have to walk around the building to enter. The building is old, but beautiful in an old Spanish charm kind of way. Cute, fine we'll enter. Right when you walk in it states to wait to be seated. And that's exactly what we did. We waited....and waited some more. They were definitely not busy, from what I saw. 

When we were finally seated, it was at an extremely small table against a wall. Figured I could make it work, it was me and a 5 year old. A gentleman brought us chips and salsa, and I saw something was a little odd. The salsa was brought out in these tall narrow pouring things that you cannot fit a chip in to dip. Once I looked around, I realized they did not provide bowls either, so here I was pouring salsa on an appetizer plate making a bigger mess than the kid was!

I had scanned the menu online prior to driving out there because im terribly picky and take too long to decide, causing my kindergartener to get irritated. I decided after previewing it that I would get Pollo a la Queso Crema ((a flour tortilla stuffed with chicken breast, deep fried and topped with seasoned cream cheese & melted cheeses, served with beans & rice)) Yes, that's directly copied and pasted from their menu. 

Sounds good right. Well holy heck it better be for 15 BUCKS! My cheap self cringed at that amount (terrible I know). Good thing I had bought a groupon so it was discounted. The kiddo got the kids combo, a beef taco and enchilada, with rice and beans. I decided to try a blended house margarita, crossing my fingers it wasn't going to cost me $10 bucks, the liquor prices are conveniently never on the menus right!!!

The waitress was extremely prompt, and friendly...older lady. She was very pleasant. The food was good, and decent portion. Overall though, I would not come out of my way to eat here again, and definitely wouldn't pay menu price. If I came across another groupon for them, I suppose I would visit again. If you live in the area, and arnt as cheap as me, then yes I recommend it.