I hate to have to do this because all in all, I do like the food here, but a few things about them really turn me off and this last experience was my last straw. 

We went for lunch and our waitress ordered the wrong dish for me, and she was very nice and admitted it was her fault and apologized. I am pretty easy going so I had no big issue with it, except it took a VERY long time for me to get what I ordered, and by the time I did, my husband had finished his food and was ready to go. It really did throw things off and cause us to be delayed in general for getting back to work during our lunch hour, not to mention a big inconvenience to wait that long when I was really hungry!  

I figured because of their own mistake and how incredibly long it took for me to finally get my meal they would just comp me my dish. Any restaurant would, I thought.  But when the waitress brought over the check she said, "I talked to my manager and he is taking off $4 from your dish because of the wait".  Wow....how generous.  My dish was $11.   Might as well just not do anything.  FOUR DOLLARS?  Please, it was really adding insult to injury here.  I had to wait forever to get it and it was a huge inconvenience, and it occurred due to THEIR MISTAKE, not me just ordering the wrong thing.

To compound this experience, there were several times in the past where we felt generally the same thing...they are very cheap and tight with what they'll do for their customers. I had been going for years and I mean regularly. I had been a loyal customer since before they moved their location. Any by loyal I mean coming in once a week. They knew me and always recognized how often I come in. And I would bring new friends and people with me too, so they probably got a ton of business from not just me, but all the people I would bring!

So one time I asked if they would consider donating toward a fundraiser I was doing for dog rescue by giving a gift certificate for $20 or something. I was told by one of the owners "sorry, no, we have already done our quota for the year for donations".  This was a bit of shock to me considering how regular of a patron I was.  But I joked with by boyfriend at the time that I liked their food enough that I would probably still go back, even though that really pissed me off. 

I'm sure they could have put their kids through college the first year on the income from just me and all the friends I have brought there. I couldn't believe it was too much to just give a gift certificate for a fundraiser to one of their most loyal customers?  

Obviously they are not concerned at this point with good customer service, only churning out as many meals and making as much profit as possible.  For that reason, and for the insulting $4 comp to my check this last time, we are not going back. They have lost a very long time loyal patron.