Although not the worst thing imaginable, it is definitely not authentic by any stretch of the imagination. After years of living in southern California and having true Mexican food with neighbors and friends that had barely been in country for less than 6 months, this food left a ton to be desired. The chips and salsa left a good bit to be desired... the chips being paper thin and tasting like the aforementioned paper, and the salsa tasting like something from a glass jar, not a good start. Ordered their equivalent of Fajitas and I asked for extra onions, just to be told that in order to get onions, I'd have to pay an extra $5 for a skewer of peppers and onions... I simply wanted onions and was told that wasn't an option without paying that much extra. Give me an onion and I'll give you a dollar, I'll cut the thing myself. Jeez

The food shows up after about 10 minutes or so and it isn't anything remotely close to Mexican food. Carne Asada... no, it isn't. It's simply steak with salt and pepper. No flavor to it outside of the meat itself, which was a bit too fatty on top of it. The chicken, dry as can be, though the flavoring on the outside wasn't terrible, but by no means did it taste like Mexican style chicken in any fashion. Pork, terrible... dry and boring. Entirely too bland to be anything worthwhile. Moving on to the sour cream and guac that came with it, nothing special to the guac, simple avocado flavor with nothing else, sour cream was just fine. Refried beans weren't anything special, they came from a can, that much was obvious as it's the same flavor I've gotten from the cheap refried beans in the supermarket. Rice was okay at best, but nothing that made it stand out.

The food added insult to injury... All of that was after waiting an hour to get a seat. In this time, we had watched at least 6 groups that came after us get seated before we did. Their hand written list of names was proof of that as the black sharpie they used to cross out names had lines all over the paper with uncrossed lines that hadn't been seated. They favored larger parties on top of everything else. Watching a family of six get brought to their table a mere 10 minutes after arriving, and yet we'd been there for a half hour at that point, that was just a sign of things to come.

No reason for 2 stars except that they served food that you could digest, or at least something resembling it.