I grew up in Mesa but never heard of this place until last year. My husband and I had lunch there. What a disappointment that was. We were seated and waited for 15 minutes, still no server. I called over another server from across the room and asked who our server was. He pointed over to a young girl who was standing up against the wall talking, giggling and flirting with a male server. She had been over there the whole time and I didn't realize she was our server. Well things changed pretty quickly when I walked over to her and asked if we could get served because our lunch time was running out and we had already been there waiting for 15 minutes. No apology, just a little snicker and smile at the guy she had been talking too. After this experience, I didn't want to ever go back there. Well, this past weekend, we were in the area for business and my husband talked me into giving it another try. Another big disappointment! It was crowded but we were able to be seated after a 15 minute wait. The problem began with that. The hostess took us the wrong way and when she turned around to go the right way, five different servers got in the way and blocked me from following my husband and the hostess. One male server was even rude and made a nasty comment to me as I tried to make my way past them. One of the female servers giggled at his comment and shoved me into the wall. I lost sight of where my husband and the hostess went. I was so frustrated that I went back to the front of the resturant and just sat down to wait for the hostess to come back. She totally ignored me when she came back up to the station. I sat there for 10 minutes, texting my husband and then finally called him. It was so noisy he couldn't hear his phone at first. He finally came up and got me and took me back to our table. The person who brings chips and salsa and the male server who took our order were the best things about this place. They were both hispanic and a little older. The rest of the staff here look like a bunch of high school kids and they act like it as well. Very rude! Now on to the food- very bland, no flavor. My stuffed quesedilla had no flavor to it what so ever. Taco Bell serv es more flavorful stuff than this place. As my husband was trying to eat his fajita's, the bus boy-another young kid, took his basket of tortillas. He called out to the guy to bring them back and was just ignored. He had to wait for 10 minutes to hail our server and get more tortillas to finish his meal. The best thing about our meal was the beer and the strawberry marguerita. I can honestly say this place is a major disappointment and they are truly lucky that I am retired from broadcasting because I would certainly share my views on the airwaves. They should understand the first rule of any business, treat the customer with respect and don't be rude. Learn some manners. As we walked into the parking lot, we were discussing what just happened and we were overheard by someone apparently in management as she was unloading her car. She followed us and stopped us. She mentioned what she overheard and asked us for more information. We shared our experiences for both times we came here. She then said that they just had a staff meeting a week prior to discuss those very issues. REALLY????? Wow! Apparently the staff didn't listen and they obviously don't care about their reputation or how to treat people. After hearing this, I definitely know that I will never recommend this place to anyone nor will I ever step foot in there again. A real shame.