It is, perhaps, unfair to compose a review, in which you compare one restaurant to another.  What does the food and quality of one restaurant have to do with another?  But, in this case, given that the competing restaurant (Señor Taco) is nearby and the same kind of place, I think it's justified making the comparison this time.

I decided one happy day after the gym, that I'd had enough of Señor Taco over and over again and remembered that I had been at Don Pancho's once before and couldn't recall anything negative about it.  So, I figured I'd give it another try.  While not located in the best part of Avondale, it's pretty safe going there during the day.  The inside is decently spacious and the staff is certainly friendly enough; but it didn't take me long to have issues.  First, it was 112F out that day ... and maybe close to mid-80s or more inside.  Yes, they have a/c; but they rely more on the ceiling fans, which, while keeping the place pleasantly cool-ish enough, is hardly comfortable.  I can only imagine what the poor people in the kitchen were going through.  Decor in the place is nice (especially the tilework and art) and the place has an airy and open feel about it (though there are only, maybe, 8 tables or so).

Complaint Number One was the fountain drinks, which, at $2.25 for a large, is far from cheap, but refills from a fountain cost another 99 cents?!?  Truly, I realize restaurants have to make money, too; but the syrup for a soda fountain is hardly a big expenditure and when you consider most restaurants offer free refills, this comes across as a bit tacky.

I ordered two helpings of ceviche (with tostada) and rather than separate the orders, they put them together in one box.  I admit, I didn't ask them to separate them; but before assuming the second person having it was dining with me, it would've been nice to ask whether I wanted them in the same box (to be fair, Señor Taco has done that, too; and I now ask them to put them in separate boxes whenever I order two ceviches).  The ceviche tasted good, but, unlike our good friend Señor Taco, they don't servie it with any kind of sauce; put one tiny lime wedge in it; and the tostadas are about the size of a DVD disk (i.e., two tostadas for two orders don't cut it).  Quantity was decent, but the fish and veggies are cut up very small and "seem" to have less volume than the ceviche at ... you know where.

Next, there was the fish burrito.  Señor Taco's fish burrito has a little lettuce, some rice and, I suspect, lots of mayo.  The one here had a lot of shredded lettuce, loose, short-grain rice and no sauce I could detect.  It was good, but, of course, it's the fat that gives flavor.  Also, smaller portion than at Señor Taco's on Estrella Parkway, but more expensive.  So ...

FISH BURRITO

Don Pancho:  lots of shredded lettuce; very loose, short-grain rice; not much fish; fat burrito but not very long

Señor Taco:  not much lettuce; compact, long-grain rice held together by sauce; large pieces of fish; fat and long burrito

The shrimp burrito a la diabla was also good, but I couldn't identify the sauce (and there wasn't much of it), there was much more rice and beans, a taste that, while somewhat spicy, was not what I'd call hot.  So ...

SHRIMP BURRITO A LA DIABLA

Don Pancho:  mild and unidentifiable sauce; not much shrimp; lots of rice and beans; fat, but short, burrito

Señor Taco:  very spicy and hot sauce; possibly some mayo or other cream sauce; lots of shrimp, fat and long

So far, Señor Taco was beating this place hands down.  I did like that Don Pancho had fresh cucumbers at the salsa stand, though, again, the salsa stand at Señor Taco's is more extensive.

So, to sum up:

Ceviche - much better at Señor Taco and only a little more expensive;
Burritos - much better at Señor Taco and cheaper (or the same);
Soda - cheaper at Señor Taco and free refills (or, if not, they never stopped anyone refilling);
Cleanliness - probably the same, but Don Pancho's looks nicer;
Comfort - No comparison.  Señor Taco is a walk-in fridge compared to this place;
Cost - Bigger portions and tastier at Señor Taco for about the same price or a little less (could be more than a little less if you buy one of their specials).

Would I steer people away from Don Pancho?  No.  The food is good and the people there are really nice.  But having been way too many times to Señor Taco, I'm definitely biased.  You'll have to decide whether that bias is justified ... but I think it is.