First impressions say a lot, we were greeted with huge smiles and a gentleman opening the door. The manager sat us and was very polite. 

The salsa was meh, not much flavor and it isn't very chunky. We did like that the beans came with the chips. They don't offer any other salsa for free, I wish they had a salsa sampler. The green salsa or red salsa which are other options were $1.99 the habenero salsa was good in flavor and had a little more kick at to it, 4 chips in a row and you will for sure feel the heat. $2.99.  

My husband had the steak burrito wet and felt that the Asada was amazing. I had the chicken chimichanga the special portion and it was absolutely delicious, one of the best I have ever had. The chimichanga when ordered at most places can come to greasy or lacks in quality meat and cheese. This was top notch. 

Beans are important! These beans taste homemade. A  rare find in this Las Vegas version of Mexican food. 

The waiter was great, he let us know about their happy hour which we took advantage of. Here is the deal, the happy hour will be running about 3 months while they are first open and runs from open until close! 2 for 1 margaritas, beers at the right price. $2.50 to start. After we had our food and margaritas, the manager came by to make sure we were taking advantage of the happy hour as well! That is great customer service. 
I am actually not a fan of rice and beans however; theirs were on point. Real, authentic and tasty. 

Margaritas were good as well, I  prefer a little more taste of tequila to mine but at least they weren't filled with too much sweet and sour. 

We were continuously checked on by both the manager and the server. Which was refreshing. 

The music was low which I normally prefer but this time around I wish there was a live band to shut the woman sitting next to us up. She was on the phone ignoring her lunch date and being loud. Talking bad about other people. Everything else was amazing. People need to have more respect for others. 

The only downside other than miss chatty Cathy was that we finished our meal and margaritas before getting the check. I prefer to have the bill by the time I finish my food. 

Must go! Enjoy!