I've lived near Old Town Scottsdale for years and in all that time I've never really taken to the streets by foot, aside from a weekly visit to the Farmers Market. At first glance you ask yourself how many Indian jewelry shops can the area possibly sustain? Well the answer is, the turquoise market in Old Town seems to be doing quite well. So it was on a recent exploration trip that we happened upon David's Hamburger's and Mexican Food. So for me the idea of killer burger and tasty Mexican good is a match made in heaven, were talking major food groups here. 

Tucked between 2 galleries, David's is a blink and you'll miss it kind of place, very unassuming and humble. Inside you won't be wowed by the interior design but what they do have is functional and comfortable. With TV's at both ends of the hall like space, you'll be entertained by performance videos of 50's era rock 'n roll. 

I usually don't write much about soda pop, well never, but in this case the Cherry Coke ($1.95) was kind of special. When you order a Coke you can ask them to add a number of different flavorings from lemon and vanilla to chocolate and of course cherry. David's version is wonderfully fizzy and cuts through the richness of the upcoming meal. 

Of all the ways Mexican style meat is prepared, the grilled taste of beef is my all time favorite. If you enjoy this as much as I do then Id suggest the Carne Asada Nachos ($8.59). A massive pile of crunchy tortilla chips is covered in grilled beef strips, melted cheese, guacamole, sour cream and pico de gallo. While basic, I ate most of them myself leaving my partner to scraping the cheese off of the plate. If you'd like salsa on your chips, be sure to ask them to bring you bowls of green and red salsa. 

Now who doesn't like a big juicy hamburger? David's doesn't disappoint with David's Single ($5.99), say that 2 times fast. A 1/3lb patty topped with the usual suspects, then dressed with David's creamy sauce which to me was a thick version of Thousand Isle dressing, adding a layer of tangy goodness. Along side you have your choice of fries or you can choose to upgrade ($.99) to a mix of large deep fried onion rings and golden French fries. For dipping I a side of David's sauce did the trick in lieu of ketchup. 

The Patty Melt ($7.25) is classic diner food. We're talking thick ground beef patty, melted cheese and grilled onions on your choice of grilled sourdough or rye bread. The wholesome grease from the beef patty and grilled onions is absorbed into the bread creating a creamy like texture, for me this is what a patty melt is all about. Of course the Guacamole Burger ($6.25) with its pepper jack cheese, bacon and guacamole is the marriage of Mexican and American influence. 

If you're an early riser, David's also serves breakfast like Bacon Pancakes ($6.75) and Coconut Waffles ($6.25). Someone please pass the syrup. My only question, where is the breakfast burrito?