My boyfriend brought me here for a surprise celebration brunch this past Saturday.  Eleven o'clok on the dot on a fabulous Saturday morning we walk into this trendy restaurant - first ones there and quickly seated of course.  We were seated on a two person table with one chair that looked like a king's throne and the other was just a regular black restaurant chair.  Not that chairs matter because they don't.  The table was extremely wobbly, but their food runner was able to fix it for us.  

Service started off extremely slow.  My coffee and Edgar's arnold palmer came about ten minutes after ordering- which to me is much too long of a wait for drinks.  Edgar could see my annoyance and quickly reminded me to "give it a chance and just enjoy myself."  I know I know.  I'm a bit of a snob with places like this, but hey- I'll give credit where credit is due! 

The drinks came.  Coffee was okay (had tidbits of coffee remnants in it), and his arnold palmer was straight up iced tea.  BUT, the second round of drinks were fabulous, so I'll cut them some slack on that.  It was early, we were the first ones there- I understand the rough patches.

Anyhow - we splurged today.  I ordered the benedicts and mexican french toast.  He ordered the chilaquiles and vanilla pancakes.  

Complimentary chips and salsa were brought out first.  The chips were seasoned, but I wish they were warm.  It seemed like it was just taken out of a bag, and the salsa tasted bottled.  BOTTLED?!  Ahh!  I'm not 100% certain that it was because I didn't ask, but it didn't have that fresh taste.  HOWEVER I won't count this against the restaurants since #1) it's free and #2) chips and salsa - who cares??

Benedict Mexicano: Fabulous.  Their take on eggs benedicts is divine.  Instead of an english muffin they make their own jalapeno cornbread.  It was just a tad too sweet to my liking, but it was nicely balanced out with their take on hollandaise sauce (tasted very creamy - like they used la crema?) and pork carnitas instead of canadian bacon.  Oh, and each topped with a perfectly poached egg.  When you cracked the egg, and the creamy yolk ever so slowly spread throughout the dish like molten lava over a valley, you couldn't help but try to make time go faster.  Okay, the yolk wasn't spreading that slowly, but that's what it felt like - I couldn't help that time was going in slow motion because of the beauty of the dish, give me a break will yea?  But oh my word, it was great!  The hollandaise didn't have that lemony zest taste like standard run of the mill hollandaise.  It was crema creamy and had a slight green chile flavor to it.  You can see the bits of green chile, but the flavor was very very light so not to overpower the sauce.  

Chicken Chilaquiles: Looked dry, but it was juicy as heck!  Everything was nicely balanced, and the flavors - oh the flavors.  It all worked harmoniously together .  

As for the french toast and vanilla pancakes.  Ehh- they were good, but they weren't out of this world fantastic.  I wouldn't go screaming at the top of my lungs for everyone far and wide to try them.  I was searching high and low for the oaxacan chocolate butter on the french toast, and I think it ran away upon arriving to the table.  It was nowhere to be found.  The dulce de crema spread was good and not too sweet, so I liked that.  The pancakes I just got a bite of, so I can't really judge it.  It was more on the dense side, but the vanilla flavor was present and very nice.

They then surprised me with my favorite dessert -- FLAN!  The flan (don't tell my mama) was ALMOST like hers!  It was WONDERFUL!  It was light but decadent and had all the flavors you look for in flan.  Caramely, creamy, sweet goodness.  I reminded Edgar that he wasn't a big fan of flan, so it was okay if he didn't eat it with me.  Low and behold, he forgot his dislike for flan because he helped me with half of it!  

All in all, I'd definitely come back.  The price was great for the quality and flavors you got, and it is definitely a gem of a place.  The decor is trendy, hip and fun - I can imagine how fun it is at night too.  I hope it draws a greater crowd because it'd be terrible to see it go.