Ok, so as mad as I was at 6:30 p.m. the night I ate at Mundo, I have now taken a breather and decided to be fair.  Let me explain...

I made reservations for dinner here before we were to go see Bela Fleck at The Smith Center.  It was our 5 year anniversary and I wanted to have a nice night with a fancy dinner and this place was perfect with its location.  We got to Mundo at about 5:45 and the concert was just a block away and didn't start until 7:30.  Plenty of time, right?

We were seated immediately and I fell in love with the place.  A romantic atmosphere, a great menu with several vegetarian items, not really pricey, and a friendly wait staff.  My husband started off with a beer (4 bucks! It was a steal!) and I had some really great wine (don't remember the name, white wine from Spain- yum).  We started to munch on chips while we looked at the menu.

My husband ordered the garden enchiladas and I ordered the chile relleno.  This is where things started to get hairy.  Apparently there is a vegetarian chile relleno as well as steak.  You can see where this is going, can't you?

We get our dinners and everything looks great.  My husband loves his.  I take a bite of mine and it's really good.  I take a second bite and notice something chewy....that's odd, maybe there's a big mushroom in there?  I start to poke around and find this little brown bit.  Mushroom?  Take a tiny bite.  Nope, don't think so.  Dig a little more and there's a giant piece of steak looking at me.

Ok, so again: I know, I know.  Dietary restrictions... can't be picky eating out.  I get it.  But do you know how gross it is to know you've eaten meat for the first time in 4 years?  Uuuuuughhhhhhhhh.  And it didn't even taste like anything!  Take note, meat eaters!

At this point I am pissed, steak is looking at me, and my waiter is nowhere to be seen.  Why?  Because Mundo decided to have a giant party right next to our table and he was busy taking drink orders for the two dozen people talking as loud as they possibly could.  This party started up about the same time I got my steak chile relleno.  

Well there went our date night.

Romantic atmosphere?  Gone.  Yummy food?  Gone.  Helpful wait staff?  Gone.  It is 6:30 and the concert is starting in an hour.  Needless to say, my poor husband was dealing with a very crabby girl.

So I'm giving this place 3 stars.  It was my fault for assuming there was only a vegetarian chile relleno on the menu but I also think my waiter should have clarified which one I wanted to order (especially after my husband ordered from the vegetarian menu).  And although our waiter wasn't around the second part of our meal, it wasn't his fault that he got stuck with too many tables and the giant party next to us.  I do, however, hold Mundo accountable for sitting us next to the social hour hovering over our table when we had reservations and there were plenty of seats elsewhere when we first got in.  Not cool.

But I have to give credit where credit is due, and the food was amazing.  The VEGETARIAN chile relleno was great and my husband loved his enchiladas.  The chips and salsa were good and the side of street corn was probably our favorite thing.  The beer prices are great and the wine prices are average.  I loved my glass of wine.  Our waiter also did give us a (small) discount for the misunderstanding without me complaining (I'm not the type to yell at waiters).  He was also friendly throughout even though he was super busy.

So, after this giant review I guess what I'm trying to say is this place would have been 5 stars if I wasn't sitting next to the social hour party and especially if I had a meat-free item from the get-go.  The food here is great and the restaurant is beautiful.  It has a perfect location if you are looking for somewhere to eat or drink before heading to The Smith Center.  Just make sure you clarify EXACTLY what you want to order.  I also recommend reservations since it is a little on the smaller side.