Located at the bottom of the World Market Center in Downtown, Mundo is in a fantastic spot near a busy shopping center and the Smith Center. 

Brad L organized a fun get together and all of us were looking forward to our Mundo experience. I'd read a few reviews and seen a write up in a local paper and was ready for Mundo. The decor in this place is very inviting.  It's elegant without being stuffy. We started with a few drinks: beer and sangria.  After we got settled in, we nibbled on seasoned chips and chunky salsa while our group waited for the rest our meal. 

Of the four dishes that we tried, the carnitas plate was far and away the best. The meat was tender and flavorful. Anyone ordering this dish would be satisfied with the quality. I had no issues with the other food, I was simply expecting more creative selections. Perhaps it is not fair to judge a restaurant based on my expectations of creativity, but the location, the decor, and even their website promises customers something ....more.  "[Mundo] is a creative, collaborative effort..." The creativity was more than evident in the lovely decor and space design, but I missed it in the food. To me, upscale Mexican food should have a twist. I can get expected, traditional, delicious fare at a number of places in the Valley for considerably less money. I thought I was paying for a variation on dishes I know very well. That was not the case. The food was good. The meat was spiced and cooked well, the beans were nicely seasoned, and the salsas were full of flavor. The "street" corn was a surprise. It was creamy and crunchy with a bit of tang. It was the best of our side dishes. 

The desert was disappointing.  The churros and crepes were a let down. I whole- heatedly admit that I am not a desert connoisseur. But even more so than with my meal, I am looking to have an experience with my desert. PARTICULARLY at an upscale restaurant. I had no such experience here. Both selections were topped with the same caramel drizzle. The churros came with a side of more caramel and chocolate sauce. They were filled with a soft spiced mixture. I have seen this in churros before, but in spite of the meal, I was still expecting an "elevated" churro. Maybe a twist on the traditional churro? Or at least a traditional churro done beautifully? No such luck. In addition to sliced apple, the crepe seemed to contain a variation of the spiced creme that was in the churro. No gracias. 

Service was solid. They were quick to take away finished plates and they made sure that we had refills. 

VIBE: Nuevo Warm

Mundo didn't blow me away, but because of its location and solid main dishes, I will likely return.