If you are thinking of trying Mundo for the first time, please read
this. This was the worst experience I have ever had in a restaurant.
Unfortunately we weren't able to try the food because we were verbally
attacked by the owner, Mingo Collaso, so this review is for the
experience only. Here's what happened.

My husband and I (we are locals) called the restaurant at 3 pm, asking
if they were still serving lunch. The host was very sweet and polite
and said they were serving dinner and happy hour. I told her we had a
baby in a car seat (she is 8 weeks old and sleeps all day as newborns do)- and could we bring her into the restaurant with us to eat. She said she'd check and seconds later she said it would be fine.

We arrived, were politely greeted, the host acknowledged that I had
called, and she brought us to our table. There was not ONE OTHER
PERSON in the restaurant. I repeat- we were the only people there. We
sat down and the server/ bartender greeted us and we ordered a
cocktail. We then ordered several items off the happy hour menu. The
baby was being great (still in her carseat), we had cocktails, food on
its way- so far so good.

Then a man (owner Mingo Collaso) walked up to our table and said, "I
want you to know there's nothing I can do about it now, but children
are not allowed in the restaurant." I looked at him with a confused look,
since we had been seated there by the host, and said, "Well, I called
ahead and asked--" and he interrupted me and said, "I don't care. Like
I said, there's nothing I can do about it now." I said, "are you
asking us to leave?" and he responded again, "I don't care."

I asked him, "Why are you treating us this way? Why are you being so
rude?" He responded again about how children were not allowed, and I
pointed out that there was not one other person in the restaurant and
we had called and asked. He repeated, "I don't care," and turned on
his heels and stormed OUT of the restaurant.

We were shocked. I have never been treated this badly in a restaurant
in my life. I worked in the service industry for ten years and have
never seen anyone treated like this. We had called ahead about the
baby, arrived when not a single person was there, ordered drinks and
food, and were suddenly attacked by the owner. I felt like I got
punched in the face.

He was obviously mad at his staff for allowing us in and behaved like
a child by taking it out on us. I will strongly advise anyone who
wants a positive service experience to not go to Mundo. The owner is
unprofessional, unkind, and rude. I literally left in tears thanks to him.