I am a Yelper that does not sugar coat things. Yelp is my Diary and I write it like it is. Based on my experience at Mundo I am writing a review that places it in the middle of the rating spectrum.

   After the UYE at Springs Preserve, I joined my Yelp friends  for more good times at Mundo Restaurant. I was not hungry but up to socializing with yelpers and a couple of tequilas.

  The tequilas were strong. When I walked into the restaurant later than everybody, some of my yelp friends were laughing and  having a great time. Right off the bat, I had to try their tequila. After I took a few sips of my tequila, I was laughing and very relaxed. The tequila was so good that I wanted another one. This is when I found out that the service here is kind of slow. I knew the waiter was busy serving our group. So I walked across the fancy dining room to the bar. There is an issue. The bar tender was also a waiter. The result was a wait for the tequila. Finally I rejoined my Yelp peers at the table carrying my second tequila.

  The place itself is a nice environment to hang out in. Although it is in the Furniture Center Complex, it is a restaurant that would be at home in Beverly Hills, It is just a very fancy restaurant.

   Interior design and the good times I shared with my Yelper friends is not saving Mundo from achieving above three stars in my review. There are some issues that don't fly by me. First, another Yelper paid for his drink at the bar, and that drink was also reflected on that individuals check. I have been to three restaurants with Yelp peers. This is the first restaurant to add each yelper's tab on one bill. I do not like that! I especially did not like that when the waiter told us that we were $18 short. Even after two strong tequilas! Realistically there is no way to add up everybody's tab and see who came up short. That is if anybody really did come up short. This also begs the question, "If we paid the tip was there still a gratuity charge?" We probably will never know. We each chipped in the extra money to make up for the alleged $18 short of paying the bill. Adding each person's tab on one bill is just poor business. Then alleging that we are $18 short is just poor business. The nice environment and socializing with the Yelper friends with the strong tequila kept the rating at three stars.

Review 66 of the 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge