MUCH BETTER!

After yelping about a few awful experiences I'd had at Steel Cactus my friend and I were invited to come back and try the food again after they'd had some time to work out the kinks in the kitchen.  

It was GORGEOUS outside (last Tuesday, pre hurricane) and we were seated under the new roof.  The atmosphere was very cool and there's a pretty rad fan they have going over the bar that kind of gives the deck a cozy industrial vibe.  Is that possible?  It might not be, all I know is it looked cool and I liked it.

When we were seated the table next to us was RAVING about their food, so much so I thought someone must have been rude to the waitress and was trying to make up for it or something, but then the I overheard the one girl say the fajitas changed her life, so at that point I was pretty much set on fajitas.

Our server, Alex, was really nice.  We started out with the chipotle salsa and chips.  I've NEVER had a salsa that tasted like that, and it was AWESOME.  It almost tasted like it was made from green tomatos or tomatillos.  It was somehow sour, and sweet at the same time w a kick from the chipotle.

I am pretty much obsessed with it.  Its so good I'm convinced it could cure cancer, and I swear after eating it my skin was clearer, my hair looked inexplicably awesome, and my dining companion was 50% more handsome.

This may also have been because I'd had a yinzerita.  Those things are fantastic, but one will get you wasted so be careful, it is a sipping tea!  

The fajitas were excellent, the girl sitting to my left didn't lie!  The best part about the fajitas were the roasted red peppers that came with it.  My friend had the chicken enchiladas and he thought they were excellent.  They were pretty good.

The only thing about Steel Cactus is all the food is pretty salty, so you may want to go easy on the hot sauces so as not to overwhelm the food completely.

Otherwise, it was great.  The manager came out and told us about some of the changes the kitchen has made and they really have come a long way since opening weekend.

I look forward to going back.

Try the chipotle salsa!