The Skinny: while the aqua fresca and the meats are good,  I'd pass on the fish, beans, rice and chips (3) service: slow for a fast casual spot with counter service ,  waited 25+ minutes to get any of our food and drink (2), value: it's okay but nothing I am going to rush back for (3).

We stopped by this joint completely starving. Eager for some good Mexican,  we were jived about this place being relatively close by. 

We ordered 5 different styles of street tacos($2 each) , a side of beans and rice($2),  and an order of chips and salsa($2). We also got a mixed strawberry/pineapple aqua fresca ($2.50). 

After we ordered,  it took a while for the food and even aqua fresca to come out. I believe there was a mix up with our drink which didn't arrive at our table a good 15-20 minutes after we ordered and only after we pointed out we never received our drink. Bear in mind that the restaurant was only about 1/3rd full at 1:40pm on a Friday. This is not a joint where you get in and out quickly. 

Finally the food arrived and we devoured it quickly. The good points? The meats, in general,  are solid. The lengua had a nice texture and was flavourful. The carnitas was mildly crispy and tasty. The carne asada had a nice smoky taste but I found it be a bit watery. Al pastor was good but a bit too salty. 

The fish taco on the other hand was not quite what we expected. Instead of a whole piece of fish,  it looked like some canned tuna sparsely mixed in with a whole lot of pico de gallo. Meh, the fishy taste and super wet texture really didn't do it for me. I would skip this and order a meat taco instead. 

For me,  the beans and rice tasted pretty generic. The beans were lacked adequate seasoning while the rice was just okay. 

While their pico de gallo is pretty great,  their chips were subpar. Some chips were overdone while some were not even crispy and were oddly chewy. I think I'd pass on this. 

The highlight of the meal was the aqua fresca. The strawberry/pineapple tasted really fresh and housemade. For $2.50, that isn't too bad. 

Overall,  given service and the hit or miss items on the menu,  this joint is just okay in my books. I don't know if I have a strong urge to return given the plethora of great options. 3 starred review.