This location used to be a pizza hut.

It was lunch time. I have seen the place prepping for opening for awhile now and as I drove by I saw they were open. A new place, gives me a chance to Yelp, turned around and went back to try it.

The staff was friendly, the place was clean, the have red and green sauces at the tables, they were both good.They have a fairly good selection to choose from and a good selection of the Mexican style drinks horchatca, fresa (strawberry), pina (pineapple), mango etc.. They were giving out samples of the drinks.

I had a carne asada burrito, it's just a burrito, no sides, $6.95 plus $1.50 for cup of soda. It was similar to the carne asada burrito at Roberto's taste wise. The burrito at Roberto's is $7.35, but it comes with sides of rice and beans, it includes a drink (lunch special).

The carne asada was too grizzly, several pieces too tough to chew through. When I hit the first piece I spit it into a napkin and continued eating, did the same with the second piece. When I hit the third piece, I was done. I saw them bring out the meat, so they chop it there, perhaps they could cut the large pieces of grizzle out, before chopping it up. Eating shouldn't be a physical challenge. It's a shame since the flavor was good, as I said, the taste reminds me a lot of Roberto's, 

If I was rating just on the burrito I had, it would be one star. I gave the extra star because the staff was great and helpful, more help than I needed, I know enough Spanish to understand the menu and the different drinks. But, more help is better than too little. 

They have a variety of meats to choose from, so the other meats may be fine, I can't say. You may want to give them a try. 

I was really hoping it would be good, because it is convenient and not in with a group of food places, where the parking gets chaotic at lunch time. Since I like carne asada and will eat somewhere else and have carne asada, rather than order something else so I can eat here, I can't see me coming back.

They are new, only open for a couple of weeks, hopefully they will work out the bugs.