My wife and I are new to the Phoenix area. We relocated from San Diego, California, now with that being said we know our Mexican food. Distrito's offers a different twist to Mexican food. They call it Modern Mexican and for me it's OK.

The portions are small but the quality of the food is outstanding. I had the Carne Asada and my wife had the Birria and i have to say that while the menu says that the meal comes with rice and beans it came with very little beans re-fried beans and they tasted more like Rosarita's beans than home made. The rice came in a small little bowl and it was cooked Spanish style and it had a nice little kick to it. 
The Carne Asada (more like NY steak cut into pieces) was cooked to perfection. The steak melted in my mouth. I had asked for salsa with my meal and it was more like flavored tomato sauce. it had no kick to it at all. I also ordered a margarita with my dinner and while it came in a very small glass the margarita was good.

My wife's dinner (Birria) was outstanding, now Birria is traditionally made with Chiva or Goat meat, this restaurant used beef. The meal it self rivals any Birria that i have ever had, but once again the portions are small and over priced. 

We had an appetizer of Guacamole and Ceviche and I must say that the Ceviche was outstanding and the Guacamole was Good. The Guacamole was made with just Avocado's and some seasoning. While it was good, i wouldn't call it Guacamole, it was just plan Avocado's with Seasoning in it.  The Chips that came with the Guacamole where over salted and i found my self brushing off a lot of the salt.

As for the restaurant it self, the hostess was nice and polite and the waitress was very attentive and nice.  The noise level at this restaurant was very high and i had to shout to my wife in order to speak to her at dinner. The type of music they had playing definitely caters to a younger crowed. There was a lot of people of the older crowed that i saw that was turned off by the music. If they can fix the noise level and play music that will cater to both crowds it would make this restaurant much more enjoyable.

Now for Dessert we ordered the Churro's and El Fuerte for two. Now dessert was some of the best that i have ever had. The El Fuerte came with a tequila sauce over a chocolate mousse and marshmallow. The sauce was not over powering and the dish was not too sweet or bitter. it seemed to have a nice median to it and this dessert only is the man reason that i will return to this restaurant. 

I do believe that the quality of the food was great but every thing was over priced. There is now way two people should spend over $100 for a meal with the portions that we had.