I was very disappointed about our visit to Distrito. My Father and I got a Living Social deal for $50 off and were very excited. 

First, we walked into the restaurant and sat down at the bar, at about 5 pm on a Sunday. We were the only two people there. No staff, no patrons, nobody. After about five minutes my father got up and went to the front desk of the hotel the restaurant is in to see if they were even open. This is when a bartender arrived. He gave us menus and asked what we would like to drink. I got a Margarita that was pretty good. My father ordered a Boulevardier (a drink that's on their drink menu), but they didn't have sweet vermouth. So, he ended up getting a different drink on the menu, another Margarita, that was also pretty good. 

We started looking at the menu and asked a few questions. We were referred to the manager and he seemed to be more concerned with other tasks than helping us (the only two people in his restaurant). Then we had to move to a table because the fluorescent light that was inside the bar (it was backlit) was flickering and driving both of us nuts. 

We then ordered an appetizer, the duck barbacoa, it was very good, I was very impressed with the food. I personally wish it had have been a little spicier - but you can't complain about personal preferences.

I then ordered another drink, the Red Sangria, which was horrible and got sent back. So, I stuck with my original Margarita. So, after another drink we ordered our main course. My father ordered the scallops and I ordered the lamb. Both dishes were very good and I would order again - if I ever went back. I was very impressed with the flavor and the thought that was put into the meals. 

In closing, I give this restaurant 2 stars. The staff seemed to try very hard but has no direction. Most of the time, if I walk into an empty restaurant and have to wait five minutes for somebody to show up I'd leave but we had that Living Social deal. I was glad we stayed to experience the food and drinks but most likely won't go back. I guess there is a reason the restaurant was empty.