Oooh, Shiny! 

Much like its hotel host, Distrito is bright, energetic and has a point of view and sense of humor. The entryway sets the tone with a massive wall installation of Dia De Los Muertos skulls (that also seem to have a definite luchador vibe) and as you walk down the steps you know you aren't in for a stuffy occasion. Nope, this place is fun fun fun. Thankfully, it's also quite tasty. 

Now, I can only speak for breakfast, but both times I ate here it was fantastic. On my first visit, I was alone and wanted to work through the meal. Once I saw the chorizo eggs Benedict, I knew my decision had been made for me. What came out wasn't what I had expected (probably because I stopped reading the menu after I saw the name of the item), but it was VERY tasty. It's served on brioche rather than the traditional English muffin, and the chorizo is crumbled on the side. The hollandaise sauce was just out of this world. I approve. Before I knew how large the portion would be, I ordered a side of fruit. When that came out I had to laugh, because it was the largest "side" I'd ever seen. Full of melon, grapes and other deliciousness, I had enough food for two people, and ate every bite. The servers kept my coffee full and tended to my needs, while still respecting that I was working and wanted to be left alone. 

On my second visit I was with a very large group. I wanted to try something different, so I opted for the french toast. Made with tres leches and served with berries and some sort of heavenly cream, It was AMAZING, however a small portion. I wish that I would have gotten the side of fruit this time, rather than the day before. The staff took great care of our huge group, however they were PRETTY cheesy. I don't need your cornball jokes before I've had my coffee, thankyouverymuch. 

I am bummed I never made it here for dinner, but assuming I am back in Scottsdale for work someday, I will lobby hard to stay in the Saguaro once again, so that I can make sure and have some more meals as Distrito. Good stuff. Good stuff, indeed.