I feel like I'm in the minority, but I wasn't really wowed by this place. A small group of coworkers wanted Mexican for dinner, this was near our office so here we went. You have to valet your car which is kind of annoying, but the guys were nice and the inside where the restaurant is pretty impressive decor wise, so I was in a good mood. 

Once our group trickled in, we ordered some drinks and I used my check-in deal to get free chips & guac for the table. I had the pineapple margarita which was delicious, but a little on the small side, the rest of the tables got different types of margaritas and all seemed to enjoy them. The waiter came out and explained that it's a tapas style restaurant (probably wouldn't have picked this place had I known that, $8-14/plate is pretty steep imho) and so we all decided on what we would order. If I remember correctly, we had the

Tacos de mahi mahi - didn't try these, but heard they were good. 

Tacos de camarones - didn't try, no complaints

Tacos de pollo - I enjoyed these, though I wish the tortillas were a little bigger for all of the things they cram onto them

Tamale - I really liked this. Has a bit of a kick to it

Pollo ahumado a la yucateco - alright. I'm not a fan of sweet poultry I guess, but everyone else liked it. 

Chips & salsa - very good

About halfway through I ordered a Michelada. Due to my ignorance and the misleading description on the menu (Modelo especial, lime, spices, salt), I didn't know I was ordering the GROSSEST drink in the world. My fault, and I just drank the rest of the modelo out of the bottle, but I was surprised no one asked me about it. There was also a fly in it, but as I was with coworkers I didn't want to cause a scene over it (my fault, lesson learned). Another slightly annoying thing is that the glass windows on the side of the building slide open (which is actually pretty cool), but the one or two times they did this to get out to the patio they let flies in, which were buzzing around our table nonstop. The servers saw us batting them away but no one offered a slight "sorry about that". All in all, 5 dishes and 7 drinks ran us about $150. If these were main dishes, I'd be indifferent, but for the value of what you pay for vs. what you get, I can't recommend Distrito.