This afternoon for a late lunch I stopped by Taco Haus we had been regulars at this location when it was Blue Burrito Grille and this place is not what I expected it to be. Wow it went from casual fast food to full table service with a hostess and everything. I ordered the Carne Asada Taco and the Rotisserie Chicken Taco, the chicken was good the carne though was really vinegary. The waitress at the bar was cordial but everything is ala carte. And a charge for chips and salsa? Come on now if you're going to charge for chips and salsa it better be as Robert Irvine puts it the best damn chips and salsa on the planet. They weren't unless you like 2 kinds of mild salsas and thick bland tortilla chips. Tortilla chips are supposed to be fresh light and crunch these were not plus they seems to me to have been in the fryer too long. They were crunchy to say the least but can you say hard? Yes they were very hard. And who charges for chips and salsa these days? Especially bad chips and salsa a cup of Pace and a plate of Mission chips would have been better tasting.  The green and red salsas were at least not loaded with garlic like other places but they had no heat, I love a good hot salsa and this was mediocre at best and mild as can be.

And the tacos were what is usually called "street tacos" but typical street tacos have two tortillas sandwiched together and these barely had one and they fell apart on me. At the old BBG street tacos came in pairs for less money then what I paid for one. I actually could have gotten a bigger taco for a buck at Taco Bell. Even Jack in the Box tacos are bigger (ok not very good obviously but bigger). But were these tacos worth the price? At $3.25 for one and $2.95 for the other, in a nutshell, no they weren't a very good buy.

I left there with 2 tacos chips and salsa and a beer (ok the West Coast IPA) was good (but not worth $6.00 a pint, I think it was a pint glass) then when I got my bill it was over $16.00 and that was for one person for lunch. Wow can't imagine what a dinner for two or family would run. It gets all thumbs down from me I now know what it is like and know not to ever go back there.