This is one of those places you don't even realize is there. I assumed even with GPS we were going the wrong way. 

Came in at 12p on a Monday for lunch. Our order was taken pretty quickly. First time visiting any place that strictly relied on the use of IPADs for payment. This was definitely a neat thing to see. When we came in to the restaurant there was one other person. By the time our food was placed there were 4 other groups which was a good sign for me. We ordered chips, our name was called my hubby attempted to grab them and another customer stood there licking her fingers and grabbed pur plate. He attempted to explain to her but she insisted they were hers. She was incorrect. Not a fault of the restaurant but when we attempted to tell the two female employees who were standing there as our name was called they basically shrugged us off. It was busy and there were several orders being called at once.  My suggestion when a name is called stay there long enough to be sure the right person grabs the right food.  That way they can be sure to eat their items as appetizers if intended to do so.

We ordered the Dominican burritio and especial. Both were cooked to order and huge! The ingredients also tasted fresh. What I liked is though the menu was basic the flavor combinations offered were something I've never seen. My burrito had cabbage and chicken with this great cream sauce which tasted like it did have tomato in it but it had a great flavor. The chips were also made to order and we tried the Pico De gallo which was off to the side at a salsa bar. It was good but I also think it could have had slightly more cilantro. I would have liked to see more hot flavors. The salsas in my opinion were all very mild
 The hot sauce wasn't truly hot. This would be something I would have expected to see especially since there was a salsa bar. The prices are great but I didn't notice any lunch options as far as sales with items that could be combined with chips for a cheaper price. This wasn't a big deal because the portion sizes compared to food offered was great and food can easily be split with someone. 

When I've eaten at certain restaurants I can usually judge the amount of sodium used based on my thirst the rest of the day. I can't seem to get enough water. It was a great sign for me when this wasn't the case after eating at Sabor.

Overall we enjoyed the food and will revisit. We have tried several Mexican restaurants and this was by far the best burritos we have had since moving out to the Carolina area in 2006.