I have eaten tacos all across this great nation. I mean from Southern California to Charlotte, up to Manhattan and on down to Sarasota. I've eaten at nearly every Mexican and "Mexican" restaurant in Charlotte and been routinely disappointed. The street tacos here are some of the best I've ever had. Easily the second best I've had on the East Coast.

My first visit there, I tried the Arepas which was absolutely amazing. Stuffed to the brim with stewed chicken and cheese. My only criticism is that the cheese is only on the top. The sauce I could take or leave. It's a bit like Thousand Island. I also had a Gordita, and let me tell you that it's about as close as you're going to get to a true Gordita anywhere. Delicious tortilla, amazing filling and served piping hot! I also had the queso dip, which is tasty if not a bit pedestrian. Pro tip: dump a cup of well-drained Pico De Gallo into the queso.

My second visit was all about street tacos and guacamole. I've had a hard mothamonkey time finding decent guacamole in the south, but here it is. Fresh. No "turned" avocado. Plenty of it for the price. Delicious. I had the shredded chicken, a fish and an Al Pastor taco. All amazing. The chicken is the same stewed chicken used in the Arepas. The Al Pastor was slightly tangy and wonderful to behold. The fish was good but not memorable.

The salsas. I am a salsa fanatic. I eat Pico De Gallo weekly. The HOT Pico (yes you have a choice) is truly incredible. You can actually make out the flavor of the jalapeños, which is not always the case at some "Mexican" restaurants. Especially in the south. The ingredients are all fresh, not pickled (aí dios mio why do they do that?). There are many other varieties including a couple of excellent tomatillos and a habanero derivative. Bring your big boy/girl britches. They are not to be taken lightly.

Criticisms: The day that I came for tacos, the person cooking used WAY too much oil. This was not the case the first time around, so they need to get consistent. The place could be a bit cleaner, the staff could be a bit more outgoing and for the love of Jesus de Cristo get a Horchata fountain.

Enjoy!