Disclaimer: I expected a lot less, even after reading other Yelp reviews. Gladly I was pleasantly surprised. My wife and daughter and I lunch out on Saturdays and Sundays, and we always try to visit someplace we haven't been before. Being the only Elite Yelper in the house (a shot at my wife who is not Elite), it is my duty to pick the restaurant. And drive to the restaurant. And pay at the restaurant. Hey, wait a minute!

Sabor isn't much to look at from the outside, or from the inside for that matter. When walking in, there is a counter in front of the door where you place your order. The menu over the counter is detailed enough for a gringo like me to make an educated decision when ordering. I like that. Checking in on Yelp unlocked a  free order of chips. WIN! I ordered a steak salad for lunch. The menu states that sour cream and cheese is optional. Yes please. The menu also mentions that guacamole is .25 extra. OK, I'll spring for an extra quarter. I also ordered their "crazy corn" for an extra $2.49. After paying you grab your drink, visit the salsa bar, and find a seat. When they call your name, you go back up to pick up your food. The only thing I didn't like (made it 4 stars instead of 5) is that there doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to how your food is prepared. They call your name as each dish is ready. Not a big deal, but a little awkward if you happen to be the first one to receive your meal. 

My salad was a little but on the small side, but not too bad. The steak was grilled to perfection, the other ingredients were delish too. I especially liked the taco shell, I'm pretty sure it was freshly made. My wife enjoyed her tacos, my daughter loved her steak quesadilla (it looked really yummy!). But what stole the show for me was the crazy corn. Check this out. A full sized ear of corn. Lathered in mayo (yes, mayo). Sprinkle some cojita cheese and chili powder over the corn. What do you have? Crazy corn. And it was crazy good. The thought of the mayo turned off my girls, but I'm always up for something crazy. It was crazy good!

Lunch for the 3 of us was around $30, and we left very full. I noticed they have Dos Equis Amber available for purchase, maybe when I come back for dinner.