This family-owned and operated fine Mexican restaurant was first established in 1979, with more than one location, but now has only this one place, on the NW corner of Flamingo at Decatur.

The food is terrific, the service is superb, and the live entertainment (when they have it) reminds you of an old-style Mexican cantina.

I dine there as often as I can, and it's a 10-mile trip in one direction, but well worth it.

They have been voted the #1 Mexican restaurant (in the Las Vegas Review-Journal poll) for 22 years, since first making that prestigious list in 1983, 29 years ago.

On October 19, 2010, Ricardo's Mexican Restaurant and ROSANGEL™ Tequila broke the Guinness World Record for "World's Biggest Pink Margarita."  In honor of Breast Cancer Awareness month, ROSANGEL™, the world's premier hibiscus-infused tequila, gave the Margarita a pink hue.  A portion of the event's proceeds benefitted Susan G. Komen for the Cure® of Southern Nevada.

Ricardo's and ROSANGEL's new Guinness World Record for the "World's Largest Pink Margarita" was certified at 7,627 gallons, surpassing the previous record of 7,039 gallons.  To break this record Ricardo's used a 14 ft. tall 10 ft. wide tank, 4,600 liters of ROSANGEL Tequila (1,215 gallons), 5,000 gallons of spring water, 750 quarts of Kelly Y Gonzalez lime juice, 750 gallons of La Paz Sweet and Sour, 1,500 liters of triple sec (396 gallons), and 20 pounds of salt.  This record-breaking libation will make a total of 81,355 -12 oz. pink infused margaritas.

"There is nothing more rewarding than being able to involve one's profession with charity.  We are truly grateful to have the ability to give back and have people really enjoy themselves.  It's a mega-feat for a mega-cause," said Scott Schiller, brand manager for ROSANGEL™.

"We are beyond excited to break the Guinness World Record for the 'World's Largest Pink Margarita'," said Ricardo's owner, Bob Ansara. "After over a year of planning this event it is exhilarating to make history and complete this project.  We are so grateful to celebrate 30 years of business and could not think of a better way to celebrate with our community."

"Susan G. Komen Southern Nevada is so grateful for the generosity of Bob Ansara.  Eighteen months ago, he had this grand vision and never once lost sight of the tremendous charitable aspect of this event.  We are honored to have been chosen as the recipient of such benevolence and are truly touched by the friendships we've made," said Stephanie Kirby, executive director of Susan G. Komen for the Cure of Southern Nevada.

That's yet another reason why you should visit them; to claim that you've actually been to a place where a Guinness World Record was set.

To read the original article and see the photos, click here:

http://funbaath.blogspot.com/2010/10/worlds-largest-pink-margarita-guinness.html#more

You'll enjoy the food and the fun!