Finally. A downtown mid-sized venue that caters to great, independent music artists. Add some incredible Mexican street fare to the mix and Crescent Ballroom should rocket to the top of most folks' "try list".

The establishment is on the small side- so expect large crowds and little room to navigate when top acts are performing. A small patio area gives way to the hipster inspired interior. I mean, there's PBR cans selling by caseloads- need I say more? The "dining" area seats maybe 50 on a good day so it's a little packed. If you can find time to get to CB early and order some food, do it. It's divine. Incredible way to soak up some of the alcohol you may be ingesting, and your taste buds will thank you.

Walk through the dining area, past double doors, and into the "stage" area. For the most part- standing room only with some cascading bleachers lining the back wall (those seats go fast every time). There's another small bar area in the stage room and even serves some basic food (tacos, burros, nachos). The acoustics are great, not really a bad spot in the entire room. It can get a little hot/stuffy so dress smart - especially in the warmer months. You're not far from the artists- so this is definitely to be considered an "intimate" setup. 

There's a parking lot near the venue (3 minute walk) and costs $4 (exact change required). Other than that there are metered spots all along 2nd Ave. (free on weekends and evenings) and plenty of "free" parking within blocks of the joint. You may have to walk a bit to get to CB, but only if you arrive late (on time).

Staff is pleasant, and helpful. But you'll be coming back for the music, food, and drinks. I would definitely rank CB as simply a great place to hang out with friends. The music makes the place on the louder side so don't expect deep conversations, but you can still get your point across. Besides, you're there to listen to Iron & Wine, Twin Shadow, St. Vincent, Yeasayer, Tallest man on Earth, and Grimes anyway right? The CB web site is well done- make sure to bookmark and keep your eye on the artist calendar. There are constant reasons to keep coming back and the general price of tickets is always reasonable ($8-$20 depending on the act).

have fun!