What can I say?  After over 6 years of patronizing Viva Mercados as the only decent mexican food in town(since they moved to their bigger/newer loction quality of food has drastically fallen to the wayside)... I finally found a las vegas contender against my OC favorite"el Matador".  The chips(you need to salt these yourself people), beans  and salsa you get when you first arrive are decent(i personally prefer viva mercados).  The salsa is more of a sauce and isn't for the types that like their salsa chunky... but it has a very nice smokiness to it.
The fideo soup is extremely good...I recommend adding a tbsp of their salsa to it for extra punch...OMG definitely don't skip this.
Last but not least, the main dishes were perfect!  I had the best chile colorado in my life!  The sauce was smooth, flavorful, and all out plate licking good.  The meat was so succulent!  It had been grilled first, and was sooo tender!  they definitely use a much higher quality meat than any other chile colorado in town, and it shows!  The flour tortilla were the pies de resistance... you cannot get fresher!  Hubby said they were as good as his momma's tortillas(ran one of the top mex restaurants in So Cal back in the day). Rice was perfectly flavorful, fluffy, and moist(though i was not a fan of the 1 lima bean on top-just don't like them LOL). Beans had a little sprinkle of cheese and were perfectly smooth the way i love them.
Hubby had the #9 Janitzio combo - cheese enchilada & beef taco - His favorite 2 things besides chile colorado.  He is a very light eater, and usually doesn't finish 1/2 of the food he has.  Not this time!  that enchilada was thoroughly enjoyed.  He said it had the perfect enchilada sauce, in perfect proportion to the cheese, and very fresh tortilla...not drowning on the plate.  His Taco was very flavorful & had a perfectly crisp shell.  the toppings were also in perfect proportions as to not fall all over the place when eaten...mmmm but did that taco have a ton of juice drip when he bit!  you know its moist when they do that!
Also, in addition... Service was impeccable, not hovering but whenever we needed a refill or had plates to clear someone appeared.  We eat out all the time, and I drink only ice tea, this place has very fresh ice tea... no bitterness like stale or cheap tea.
All in all, this is our new #1 Fav!  No heartburn for 2 days like at Viva Mercados, perfect traditional food.
WARNING For people that eat at places like Richardo's or  chain Mexican restaurants(Garduños , Chipotle Mex Grill, Baja Fresh etc.) AKA Tex-Mex, you will not be happy... this is the real deal kinda food for people that appreciate quality.