First off, this fits perfectly into the Roosevelt Row scene. It's painted by truly talented local artists and the musicians are great! Prices are very comparable (in many cases cheaper) than some of the other local Mexican/Southwestern restaurants in the area. 

Everybody's palette is different, so keep this in mind when reading mine and others' reviews. I personally enjoyed the salsa. Others have said it was "watery" or "not thick/chunky". Well, if you were to go to Mexico, you'd find salsa in all different textures and varieties. Paz has chosen to go with a less chunky, and still very authentic Mexican salsa - which to me is a breath of fresh air since I'm always eating Pico de Gallo at every other Mexican/Southwestern restaurant I go to. People don't realize that many times food from other cultures that is introduced to the U.S. becomes "Americanized". I liked their Guacamole - definitely in my top 5 favorites

This is a great place for a group of Friends to go have some fun, great drinks and food. If you'r looking for a traditional Sit-Down quieter restaurant, don't go to Paz. This place is fun, up-beat and can definitely get loud - especially on Thursdays, Fridays & Saturdays when they have live music. They are very true to the deep & rich culture of Downtown Phoenix. 

I LOVE that the "Sushi" sign is still up there. Even if it just has yet to be removed, I think it adds a little bit extra quirkiness - which is what Downtown Phoenix is great at doing. 

The owning partners and staff are so grateful and nice to each guest. They are also really accommodating! I was looking at the menu, but craving a burrito. They took the Carnitas Torta and made it a burrito for me! I'm really picky about 3 things when it comes to Mexican food: Guacamole, Tortillas, and the Meat. Their handmade Tortilla was so fresh and AUTHENTIC! Not like those white flour tortillas that you can buy at the grocery store, but a real, honest to goodness hand made with love tortilla that I could swear they ran across the border to get it. The meats are fresh, the ingredients are fresh, the drinks are awesome. 

I never experience negative service with the staff, but in any case there could always be room for improvement or to be making sure of oneself when your in a customer service position. 

I love this place and love sending my guests and clients there. 

Final tip: Make sure the restaurant you're going to will fit what you're looking for. It's sad to see negative reviews on places that could have easily been avoided if people just knew what type of place they were going to. Do your homework, ask the locals, ASK YOUR CONCIERGE. Don't go to someplace just because they're Mexican food, or a casual setting, or american food, or vegan...find out more about the restaurant and find a place that fits what you are trying to accomplish other than just eating.