México lindo y querido, si muero lejos de ti, que mi última cena sea aquí.

Translation: Beautiful and beloved Mexico, if I die far from you, let my last meal be here.

Seriously, that's how I felt when I had lunch here a few days ago.  And I *know* authentic, good Mexican food; I grew up in West Texas minutes from the border with Mexico, my mother is full-blooded Mexican, and I was actually born in Mexico.  

I drove across the city (literally across the city, this place is on Lake Mead and Mt Hood and I drove from Sahara and 215) just to try this place out.  Full disclosure: I went to college with the current owner (the parents are the ones that opened this place up years ago).

I'd been looking for a place that served good menudo, and I'd asked friends of mine and I was directed here.  Hmm ok, regardless if I know you or not, I am going to let you know my honest opinion on it, and if it sucks, it sucks, friendship be damned.  

It doesn't suck at all.  The menudo is so good!  It's not greasy or oily in the least, the chile is just the right level of caliente, the hominy is tender, and the tripe is clean and not-chewy.  And it's served with dried oregano, lime, chopped onions, chile flakes, and cilantro, so you can garnish at your preference.  A little oregano, a few onions, and some lime juice and my menudo was ready to go.  So, so good!  And probably would have cured any hangover.  

But I get ahead of myself.  This place is very much a hole-in-the-wall, cozy like your abuela's kitchen type place.  Maybe not your abuela but like mine for sure.  There's no pretentiousness at all, and my friend and I were welcomed to take a seat where we liked.  After being seated, drink orders were taken (just water thanks!), and then homemade chips (really they're fried tortillas that you break) and homemade red salsa (happy medium between chunky and smooth).  

So my friend is more reserved and orders the chicken taquitos as an appetizer (while I had my super-tasty menudo) which she enjoyed.  I had one with some guacomole and the guacamole was fresh.  She then ordered a chicken taco plate, which she thoroughly enjoyed, though I can't judge because I was preoccupied with my meal.

I ordered chile verde.  Super tender pork simmering in a green sauce (tomatillo base) for hours, served with a side of yellow rice and refried beans.  The sauce... so, so good.  Now the chips and salsa and the menudo had me pretty full and I was sure that I would only be able to take a few bites of the chile verde and the rest would have to go in a take-home container.  No, no, the chile verde sauce said no, you will enjoy every last tasty morsel here... and it was right. 

The server was very attentive and my water glass was never empty.  The music in the background was mariachi and norteno, so yes, it supported the authenticity.  Price-wise, unbelievably reasonable for the meal my friend and I had here.  

Now, I traveled across the city already for some tasty, authentic Mexican food, and I was not leaving without some tasty, authentic Mexican pastries.  To the panadería next door!  I take a half-dozen with me for a very reasonable price and I've been enjoying them at home since my visit.  I'm down to my last pineapple empanada, so I may have to trek across the city sooner than later.  

If you want truly authentic Mexican food full of flavor at very reasonable prices and served by friendly people, go here.  And go again.  I will be for sure!