OMG, the happy hour actually is happy!

As if you couldn't tell this was my first visit here.  And what better of a time to go than happy hour on a Friday?  Drink specials and free chips and salsa!  The pitcher of margaritas is a great buy during this time compared to the price per glass.  

Let me go back to the beginning.  When we walked in we were greeted by the doorman who promptly asked for ID (thank you, I feel young again!).  The door did state that NO ONE under the age of 21 is allowed entry.  The lighting was dim, the room cozy with a sign pointing to the patio (watch the steps), and the aroma upon entry was amazing.  Fresh mint everywhere!  Made me want a mojito, but I stuck to my guns and had a margarita.

The patio area is amazing and huge.  Self seating so you can find your own spot that you think will be the best for your dining experience (note, the patio is smoker friendly, which is rare to find a place that is friendly to their smokers).  The thing I liked most was that after the first delivery of water, you are free to go and refill your own glass, not saying that I did, but honestly with as busy as they were, you didn't have to wait for the waiter/waitress to come by for a refill.  As stated before, I had my pitcher of margaritas and my friend opted for a pitcher of XX Amber.  Both at happy hour prices are a great buy and also a great thing to help pass the time.  

We didn't just come here for the libations, but for the food as well.  I had the potato rolled tacos and my friend opted for chile relleno.  Both looked good but I can only tell you how mine was.  Four rolled and fried tacos filled with potatoes, for an Irish boy like me that has a huge love for Mexican food I was in heaven.  The tacos were topped with a generous amount of guacamole.  I'm not talking about those tiny dollops you get from a fast food chain.  This amount stretched across the four tacos and was a thick line of goodness.  But that shouldn't overshadow the chipotle sauce or queso fresco that also topped the tacos.  A serving of fresh pico was also on the plate, but off to the side so you could scoop as much or as little on top of it all.  The most amazing/surprising thing on the plate was the fried rice.  This is not your typical fried rice.  Think Chinese with a twist.  The rice had the typical corn, peas, and carrots in it.  But I also came across small pieces of potatoes and chicken and I'm sure there were other items in there, but I was too busy mixing everything on my plate at this point.  

The prices are a bit steep here, but don't let that deter you, it's well worth it.  To say that I will be back here is an understatement.  I think this may be my new favorite Mexican place in the city.  I'm so hungry for it now that I have written this review.