I have been to this then-new-ish very dark venue a few times since '13 to support local bands or larger bands who have come to Phoenix.  I have never eaten here and I will just review the first 2 shows to begin with during my visits...
I first came here in November 2013 when the 1st-generation Los Angeles band, X, came to town to perform their punk music hits they released since the 1970s, with fellow punkers, The Blasters, as their opening act.  The following year, I came back to watch the 3 local bands on one night: Cherie Cherie, Man Hands, and French Girls.  Every one of them all gave a solid true professional performance each.  I believe, again, the way a venue treats a band influences the bands' level of conducts when performing a gig.  The ticket prices were fair.  The shows started on time (thanks for not being too loud).  The staff was professional and organized.  Security was there (for 'X') but not that sorely needed (there was this one guy who kept trying to get people to move a bit out of the way, as if he's worried about fire exits- one attendee did get a bit mad at him for repeatedly touching him to move.  Putting down a rope like in a movie theater might've avoided this hassle).  I am impressed that everyone was well-behaved and got along(!)  This makes my evenings leaving me feeling pleasant and relaxed- which is why I go out, to have a nice time away from the everyday antics (wink).  The bleachers were a cool idea (my preference, too, instead of on the floor/pit for my safety's sake), and I stood on it to take great photos, as well as so I could see the performers more.  They usually leave tables / chairs for small acts, but for the larger ones, you only have the bleachers if you want to sit, and of course, if you sat down, it is very unlikely you would view the stage since attendees on the pit are standing (and dancing and cheering).
I especially appreciate that upon entering the eatery/venue, that it smelled good- either food or 'sweet' like liqueur and not dirty or old.  A bonus is no smoking is permitted.  I do not drink either so I bring in my own water bottle.  I also appreciate that we're not being searched upon entry like the bigger venues- it's like visiting a club owned by a family or relative.  My paternal grandparents owned an Italian bar & restaurant, so it almost felt like the venue used to belong to them before they retired and sold to Crescent.  And, the fact that Crescent is located downtown and near the light rail stop is convenient for most.
I still return when I get invited, and I hope I continue getting A+ treatment each time (wink again).  Maybe I'll even sample the food.  Thanks for the good times Crescent and band members (thanks for enabling me to take great photos and also for the sample CD(French Girls)).  See you again soon...