Had a great birthday dinner here while visiting Vegas on June 16th. I'll start with the only thing I did not like...The table we were sat at was VERY dark. Hard to even read our menu. Other than that, i was very impressed! We were able to make a reservation on their website and easily change the time when we were delayed on making it to Vegas at an earlier time. Glad we made a reservation tho. it was busy when we got there at 8PM for our time slot!

We found this restaurant while looking up organic restaurants. I usually judge places (especially those claiming non-gmo or organic) by how i feel after eating. Just full and content! Did not feel sick or believe that they are claiming something they are not. The menu was extensive and descriptive. They even tell you what farms they get their meat from and where they source their dairy products!

Started with a huge margarita with organic muddled fruit in it. Did strawberry and then blueberry. both were delicious. my BF had a really tasty organic beer. 

Started with the veggie nachos, which were really tasty and a huge plate! Probably didn't need more food after this, but since it was my birthday, we were splurging. ;-)

I ordered the seafood enchiladas which had Pacific wild shrimp, bay scallops & Mahi. The sauce was a bit on the spicy side for me, but i know I'm just a wimp when it comes to spice! Still really tasty and took half of it home. was even good heated up in our hotel microwave!

My BF ordered a carne asada burrito and he loved every bite! He managed to eat it all at the restaurant. 

Ended with the Churros, which was a nice sweet ending, even though i was so full!

Our waiter, Joaquin (I believe this is the right spelling), was extremely friendly and more than happy to answer any questions we had about things to do in Vegas. Found out we were in town for EDC and shared the same interests so we had a good time chatting with him during our dinner. Quick and friendly service. 

I will definitely return and recommend this place highly!