I ususally dont like suprises, but this resturant was quite a treat. My father took me and my family there for my 19th birthday and it was delicious. I was kind of not sure about an asian/mexican mix of food but this place proved me wrong. My family ordered the guacamole with bacon chunks (mind you there were many guacamole options) and the guacamole came with handmade corn tortillas that included a taste of chile lime on the top. Combined it was magnificent, I love guacamole and bacon but that tang of lime was the cherry on top. After the appetizer I ordered the Rollo Chingon, it had adobo grilled shrimp, guacamole, cilantro, jalapeño, red lotus root chips and balsamic strawberry glaze. I chose this roll becasue im very adventurous when it comes to flavors. The shrimp was grilled to perfection, the guacamole and the cilantro gave the roll a sweet taste and the red lotus chips evened it out with some saltiness but when you get some strawberry glaze on the roll (and I mean get becasue its drizzled on the plate) mixed with the soy sauce was a great mixture of sweet and salty. Then I ordered a Strawberry Gazpacho that had chilled, lump crab, marcona almonds and evoo. I have never had gazpacho but I enjoyed it, the soup was very sweet when you first slurp some but then a little spiciness hits you, im a little sensitive to spiciness but the flavors were well put together. Since it was my birthday our waiter brought out a of slice peanut butter and chocolate cream pie, now I hate peanut butter but I still ate it out of respect. I surprisingly couldn't taste the peanut butter that well, so if you love peanut butter just know you can taste it with the first bite, but the chocolate overpowers it as soon as you start to chew. All the food here was really well displayed and very good, I will definitely go back. I'd like to also comment on the actual place itself. There was live music by a cute folksy cover band, just a man and a woman im not sure if they're there all the time but they were fun. The whole place was well decorated with bright colors and picturs and asian/hispanic elderly on the back of some of the chairs was a funny touch. The atmosphere was quite casual and the staff was very nice and very attractive, that's always a bonus! So overall I give the restaurant 5 stars because of its overall excellence in taste, display, service, outlook, and originality.