Oh wow, what a find. I've always made jokes about the large Nacho Daddy billboard currently at I-215 and Eastern but I'm not laughing now. I'm smiling from ear to ear and planning a return visit. 

Where to start? First off the wait was short, they quoted 10 minutes and it was barely 5. From there things only got better. From a big bowl of guacamole that was priced right and was made with fresh ingredients to hot chips that were replaced without fuss with more hot chips when we ran low, the appetizers were good. As I had my fiancee and my son with me we ordered a soft taco off the kids menu, a Supreme Tostada nacho for her, and Florentine Nachos for me. 

The only thing in our carry out bag when we left was the soft taco as it was huge and my son loved the rice and beans and was full on that before even making it to the taco. 

Both of our nachos were loaded, and when they were brought to the table we were impressed. You definitely get a good value here, and these nachos were good all the way to the bottom, you were not left wishing you had more cheese or toppings to scoop up at the end. The chips were thin and crisp but strong enough to hold a lot of toppings without breaking apart. The Supreme Tostada nachos is their classic take on a loaded traditional nacho plate, it is everything you would expect to find, done right. But the Florentine Nachos...when I read the menu I was skeptical. But anything with sun dried tomatoes, prosciutto, and asiago, romano, and parmesan is usually not going to be a disappointment and my plate was left empty when I was done. This is the stuff that has you thinking that trying to explore the rest of the menu on a return visit will be very hard to do! 

On and on I can go with this but the best part of our experience was the service. It was incredibly good. From start to finish, we were taken care of. My 3 year old ended up touching our server's arm by accident as he was reaching for his drink and I was like uh-oh. Unlike some places where the server would recoil and freak out if they didn't like kids that didn't happen here. With 2 different servers they made my son feel comfortable and treated him right and even picked up a toy he dropped. But my fiancee and I were taken care of too...again chips were replaced on time, tea was taken care of. It was the way it's supposed to be. 

I try and not just hand out 5 star reviews. I'm known for my Absolutely Not and Jackassery lists so calling it as I see it is something I've clearly established my ability to do. But based on how good the food was, coupled with hands down the very best service I've received in Las Vegas in the past 2 years, 5 Stars is most appropriate. And I can't wait to go back and am already telling others about this place. 

(Our server was Chelsea, and I rarely name names in Yelp tips or reviews. But Chelsea raised the bar for me regarding how servers can be, and the customer service experience in general.)


(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #23)