Border Grill is hands down THE BEST brunch on the strip- and you heard it from me, C. Everet Bruncher the 3rd. Their brunch combines usual breakfast fare- waffles, eggs, hash browns, with southwestern flavors- tomatillos, guava, chills, and then throws it at your face tappas style instead of trough style like many inferior brunch buffets. When I moved to Vegas I had just finished watching the season of Top Chef pro or whatever its called were Mary Sue came in second place so I was extremely eager to try this place. As I walked through the desolate Mandalay Bay (apparently there was no NASCAR event or P Diddy concert, the only things that seem to make this place busy) and got to the restaurant which was only about 1/2 full I started to get a bit worried. Had I wasted the precious calories it took to walk here from self park? That walk took at least 4 minutes and I don't undertake such journeys lightly- too large a risk of orcs. 

As soon as we were seated we were brought a trio of regular human salsas and then a 4th devils brew salsa seemingly designed to make GITMO detainees talk. Service was attentive but not annoying, and since for this brunch you are dependent on your server to bring you the food that is crucial as even a 5-10 minute gap could result in a riot. 

The menu changes every 2-3 months or so, but it is always around 20 small plate items, 3-4 of which is more than enough to fill up the average person. Combine that with all you can drink mimosas- that come in like 15 different flavors- and breakfast margaritas... which as far as I can tell is just a regular margarita with a little vanilla in it. What a glorious place where you can get drunk at 10am as long as your drinks have a splash of vanilla. America. 

Some menu highlights

Pigs in  Blanket- comes with a manchego cheese dipping sauce that I would drink by the glass if possible- BY THE GLASS I say. 

Churro Tots- I mean, if you needed me to tell you to order these than there is something seriously wrong with you.

Breakfast fries- basically hashbrowns with three delicious sauces spread around them. 

Waffle - I have had this twice, once it came with pork belly which was amazing, the other time it came with "ham" which appeared to just be bacon cooked inside the waffle itself. The pork belly was definitely better but I'm not gonna split hairs over a bacon stuffed waffle. 

Eggs Benedict- this comes with like picked red onion or picked radish or something on it that sort of taints the dish and makes it all pink. Order without that.

Steak and eggs- great. You prob get a solid 6 ounces of skirt steak with each order. It has a delicious black bean puree underneath it all. A must get.

Oyster Taco- this came with way more vegetables than I was expecting so I just ate the cornbread battered fried Oyster. Would eat again. 


Some things to Avoid

Brisket Sliders- these are prepared like a Vietnamese sandwich. You know all those people who when eating good BBQ brisket say "damn this needs some carrots and cilantro"... oh wait thats no one. 

Fruit Creme Brule- meh, I mean its yogurt, not sure why I ordered this. My b