This place is located near where a friend of mine worked and we started going at least once month for lunch.  We've continued that same pace for well over a decade.  Therefore, I've probably had more meals here than any other restaurant in the Phoenix area, besides it's close to where I live.

We like there food, service and atmosphere; although it is more of a dive than an upscale place, but I like it.  Lunch times can get very busy but the food arrives fast, the staff is friendly and the food consistently good.  This is just your regular Phoenix Mexican food, but good.  Whenever we go to another Mexican restaurant we always end up saying "it's not as good as La Fonda Del Sol" (with only one exception, but one in a completely different category - Los Reyes de la Torta).

As soon as you sit down they bring some of their wonderful homemade tortilla chips and two different homemade salsas; one hot (as in spicy) and one chunkier and not so hot.  Although I know I'm always going to "suffer" if I eat too much of their hot salsa, I simply can't resist and always ask for more chips and hot salsa; and then my intestines aren't happy with me because of all the "hot."

I'd say that over 95% of our visits have been for lunch, so we always order from their lunch specials.  They do offer a wonderful, all you can eat; lunch buffet which I've tried and is very good, but since I don't eat large portions it is sort of lost on me.  Besides I simply love their lunch "Cheese Relleno."  My friend almost always orders their lunch "Taco Salad."  They have very good margaritas which we occasionally have.  

Recently I've had several friends in from out-of-town that wanted Mexican food, so I've always spouted off several places we could go, but always include this "little Mexican dive."  Every one of them has always selected this place claiming that the dives have the best food.  I tell them there are more upscale places we could go to but there response is "we're buying and we don't want to spend much money on you (ha)."  They've all loved it.

We are regulars in there.  Absolutely a 5-star "dive" wonderful Mexican restaurant.  Please, please, please - La Fonda Del Sol, never go out of business.