Mango's is by far the best Mexican food I've had in Arizona. I'm from LA so finding good Mexican food in Arizona that suits the style I'm used to has been pretty disappointing. For a metro area that has so many Mexican restaurants it's pretty pathetic that there is only one I really like. And that of course, is Mango's. The chips and salsa are so delicious! It's seriously the best salsa I've had in AZ. And it's FREE - included in your meal like chips and salsa should be! I hate going to places where I end up paying extra for chips and salsa and they give me some nasty red sauce with seeds in it. That shit is all over AZ, seriously what gives? Anyway, I am obsessed with shredded beef crispy tacos and this place has really good ones. I used to work in Mesa so it was close by for a lunch break but I no longer work there so I haven't been back in a couple months. I drove 20 minutes out of my way yesterday to get me a shredded beef taco from Mango's and I get there and they were freaking closed! Apparently they close at 4 on Monday's (and I believe 7 the rest of the week, closed Sunday). I was super bummed :( I ended up going a few blocks up to Rosa's and the taco was good but their salsa was very meh. 
A short rebuttal to the negative reviews given:
I would seriously question the reliability of reviews given by people who ordered quesadillas and burritos. To begin with, I think there is always something wrong with a person who goes to a Mexican restaurant and orders a quesadilla. Unless you're under 12, grow up and order some big boy food. Any asshole can make a quesadilla or a burrito. If you are going to review a Mexican restaurant I think it should be on the entrees that actually require some skill: enchiladas, tamales, tacos, etc. And in that regard, Mango's does an excellent job. It is a tad expensive for what you get, but I will gladly continue to pay a little extra for the on-point flavors. 
Also, if anyone has any recommendations for great crispy shredded beef tacos closer to N. Tempe/S. Scottsdale I'm all ears!