I saw the reviews of this Arribas and thought to myself, "Are these people talking about the same Arribas I went to last night?" I went there, and had an awesome time! Service was prompt, and if something was off, our server Jeff (who was amazing) explained why something happened, but didn't blame anyone, and didn't use server jargon. I do understand the jargon, but it was nice for someone to not have to resort to it. 

Warm chips and salsas + warm bean dip came out = awesome and the spicy salsa was calling my name. It burned, but I loved it. I ordered the Rio Grande enchiladas with the carne abodoba, and ordered it extra spicy. (Of course, I would) I was with my girl (and she likes strawberry margaritas) so we split the house margarita for 2, frozen with sugar of course. I'm not a huge margarita person, but it was really good. She ordered the cheese enchiladas. (She takes safe choices when we go eat) -more on the margaritas in a min- 

Food come out and seriously, it was some of the best spanish/mexican I've had in a while. Its good to see an establishment take risks with seasoning their food. It was fresh! Which is hard to find these days and I'm pretty sure the people who own Arribas own a hatch chile farm because I rarely saw anything about jalapenos or serranos or even habaneros. Which is cool. Those hatch chiles are slanged around that place like coke in studio 54 in the 70's. I'm not kidding, when you order your entree and they ask you what kind of beans you want. Black, pinto, or the 3rd kind that is a combo of black/pinto with some onion, tomatoes, and of course, what's that? Hatch chiles! I highly recommend them. I liked how Arribas uses the hatch chiles. It sets them apart. It brought the heat!

After dinner, I ordered another margarita...

This time, I asked Jeff of a recommendation. Why do I do this? Because the people that work at any restaurant know the food/drinks there more than you will ever know. 'Nuff said. He brought out some margarita I don't even know the name. It kicked my ass, thank god my girl was driving home, that's all I'm going to say. Thanks!

That's why this place gets 5 stars. It deserves it in my opinion.
I think because this place takes chances with seasoning and overall outlook is why so many people might be unhappy with Arribas or this location in general. I on the other hand PROMOTE this thought process. I don't want food that's bland that a place kicks off the line to the people outside than enjoy bland food. That makes for a BLAND place that's filled with, well, bland people. This place uses heat, salt, pepper, and other spices that I don't know of. What a freaking great idea! Too hot for you? Then don't eat food that is 99% based on heat.

I will surely be going back, and I won't have a bad time.