Ok, as you are reading this, there is Hawaiian music playing in the background.

Now picture yourself at a luau on a beach in Hawaii. Hula dancers shaking their hips. Dudes spinning their fire pole thingy. Ha ha, that's a nice visual. Anyways, all you did was walk into a Braddah's Island Style restaurant. Ok, you can stop the music now. Actually when you go there they really do play Hawaiian music. 

When you come here, your options are simple with 5 easy steps. 

STEP 1. You pick whether you want a Burrito (flour or wheat tortilla), Bowl (bed of seaweed rice), Salad (bed of romaine lettuce), 3 Tacos (soft flour or crispy corn). 

STEP 2. Pick your meats. Huli Huli Chicken, Kalua Pig, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Fish, or just Grilled Veggies. 

STEP 3. Pick your toppings. Seaweed Rice, Black Beans, Shredded Cabbage, Romaine Lettuce, and Grilled Veggies (for a charge).

STEP 4. Pick your salsa. Charred Pineapple Verde (mild), Mango and Roasted Corn (medium), Tomato with grilled Maui Onion (spicy).

STEP 5. Pick even more toppings. Sour Cream, Cheese, Lettuce, Jalapenos, Cabbage, Lime, and Guacomole (for an extra charge).

Of course you can put any or all of the toppings on to your entrée selection. I can also describe how all this tastes, but that just wont do it justice. You need to come here and sample their product, which they will happily give to you.

Last but not least, finish it off with Coconut Bark. A salty and sweet concoction that will make your sweet tooth want to jump out of your mouth and make a residence here. This is their only dessert option but honestly, that's all you need.

Chris, the owner who was just behind the counter helping make orders, was also walking around bussing tables and talking to every customer that was there making sure everything was ok. When he came up to me, I had all sorts of questions for him and to my surprise, he answered every one of them sincerely. Things like more promotional menu items like Shrimp and Kalbi Ribs for starters. I was impressed by his honest response to any and all criticism that I had. That's the type of owner I like. One who listens to their customers and takes things to heart. Now if this is how the owner acts, I can only assume all his employees will have the same positive attitude.

Some random info. At the time of this review there is a 20 dollar for 10 Groupon so take full advantage. They have free wifi and the code is on the wall above you when you come in. On Sundays, if you come wearing sandals or flip flops, you get free chips and salsa with your order. They take cards. Their dining room is spacious and equipped with napkins and some kind of good tasting Hawaiin sauce. They have two separate solo bathrooms for men and women.  And lastly, they have a drive thru!

So a big mahalo to Chris and his staff. You just got yourself a customer for life!