Being a fan on Tacos el Gordo now, i wanted to try their Strip location, located a little north of the Wynn Casino. You may or may not pass it the first time but once you pass Wynn, and the little overpass (desert inn), there is a parking lot that leads to a Church . You can either park here (before Tacos el Gordo) or park in the lot after passing the restaurant. The restaurant itself faces Las Vegas Blvd, so not hard to spot it if you are looking for it.

Unlike the Charleston location, this location also has outdoor seating. Something different from the other location as well, they have double the amount of lines, but as you can probably guess.... this location can be MUCH MUCH busier. But if you want tongue/stomach, i think there is only ONE line for that (far right off to the side). 

First time i came here, mid day, not really busy at all. Later few times, were in the evening, SUPER PACKED ! ! You'd think there was some sale or something ! 

Some people say the quality of their stuff is less than of the Charleston location. Meat quality, i think is the same. If you were to order fries, i've had varying experiences with that. Sometimes fresh out of the fryer, sometimes not. 

My favorites to get is beef tongue, pork stomach. Super flavorful and something you usually dont get at your chain store Taco Bell (rarely go fast food anyway, esp not Taco Bell)

Good idea, if you are going with other people... is if you want different meats, have each person be in different lines and get the order. Otherwise, you'll be in line for a long long time... 

Surprisingly, even the outdoor seating, there is always someone cleaning up. Great service ! Not like that was something i was looking for anyway, but it was a plus ! A lot of times, while sitting there after eating, and just talking, they'd come up and help us take our trays and trash away. 

Good central location to go to if you live on the West or South side. Fairly easy to get to, unless the Strip is busy due to a holiday or weekend.