Summary:  Clearly, The Stand is competing against In-N-Out.  For a few bucks more, The Stand gives you a significantly higher level of product from a slightly broader menu, and sold by a local business.  It reigns supreme in the hybrid restaurant category somewhere between In-N-Out and Delux.

Round 1:  The standard ($5.50) vs. the double-double ($4ish).  NOTE:  All prices are from memory since neither website publishes prices.

Although the burgers share a physical appearance (two cheesy patties, wrapped in paper, fun/sloppy presentation), The Standard burger feels, looks and tastes less like a chain burger and more like something that someone made just for me.   Big plus.  Except for the bun, every ingredient is superior to In-N-Out.  Thicker burger with more beefy flavor due to their meat mix, crisper thicker, fresher lettuce, excellent amount of sauce (I find INO to be too saucy in order to cover for the more bland burger), fresh onions (INO uses stale onions that give you stank breath-- hence people's preference for the "grilled" onions).   The only drawback is The Standard's spongy firm bun, which helps with holding the sandwich together but lacks the texture and flavor that a pillowy soft potato bun gives INO burgers.

Verdict:  The Standard.  Not really close.

Round 2:  Stand fries ($3) vs. INO fries ($2ish)

Fries has always been INO's biggest weakness. They are slim, hot, and often crisp, but they have absolutely zero flavor and usually come without any salt on them.  I HATE having to add salt to my fries.  Dumb salt packets.  The Stand's fries rock, some of the best I've had at a burger joint, even better than Delux when considering they cost $2 less.  A good sized portion comes fairly crisp, and best of all, they are very well-seasoned. 

Verdict:  Stand fries, in the blink of an eye.

Round 3:  The Stand's chocolate banana shake ($4.50) vs. INO's chocolate shake ($2.50).

I think INO gets way too much credit for its shakes.  They're too thick to pull through a straw, and they are just pure soft serve.  The Stand takes actual ice cream, actual milk and, for the banana shake, actual banana and banana extract, to make their shakes.  The difference is obvious from the first sip.   Plus, The Stand has more than the boring vanilla, chocolate, strawberry options.

Verdict:  You had me at chocolate banana.

For the record, the tacos at the Stand could use some work.  I like the idea of tacos as a burger alternative, and the tacos are large, made with fresh ingredients including pickled onions (more of those, please) and above par tortillas.  But the chicken and short ribs didn't have a lot of seasoning-- they just relied on the taste of the well prepared but under seasoned meat.  If I wanted to "honor" the ingredient, I'd go somewhere fancy.  For a taco, give me some kick.  No kick found, not even in the spicy salsa.

My service was excellent (I got comped an order of fries just 'cuz).  The store was very clean and was well remodeled.  The inside seating didn't seem like it would work for a highchair, but the patio probably would.  The drive thru is a nice idea, but only if you called ahead and no one was in front of you.  My order took 6 minutes from when I placed it at the counter.