Ok I am only going to say this once!  Don't be thrown off by the location!  If you do you will be missing some of the best authentic mexican food in Las Vegas.  

I went for lunch with a friend, we ended up getting Guac made table side.  It was fresh and flavorful without being overwhelmed with spices and citrus like some other restaurants.  

We also ordered a side of wings.  They are perfectly cooked with a spicy chili sauce.  I usually like my wings naked with light sauce. But these wings are nicely coated with a light breading and just enough sauce that sticks to the wings coating them perfectly.  On your first bite you get a little taste of the sweet bbq sauce followed by a little bit of spice to finish it off.  Absolutely worth getting.

I also ordered a bowl of Pozole soup.  This plate is a meal itself.  With pork, hominy, and some onion and lime its the perfect hangover remedy.  It comes with a side veggies, limes, chips, and roasted arbor salsa.  If you want to add a lot of heat to your soup just add in the bowl of salsa.  

For the main course there are so many options to choose from.  I ended up picking the Carne Asada plate.  I should have taken a picture of this plate.  It was beautiful.  It was a perfect amount of rice and beans and a side of guac.  The steak was seasoned very well and cooked to perfection.  One of the best Carna Asada plates I have had in town.  

I never got a chance to look at the drink menu do to all the food brought to the table I was pretty busy.  I did get to meet Chef Paco the Executive Chef.  Very nice man proud of the quality of dishes he creates.  He treated us to a dessert.  He brought out an order of Flan.  Normally Flan is not my choice of dessert, honestly I never really cared for the texture of it.  But this one was different the consistency of it was somewhere between a traditional flan and cheesecake.  It was amazing.  After all the food I had I could only manage to eat half. 

This is a great place for a quick bite to eat or a nice sit down meal.  Service was prompt and polite.  You can tell the employees are treated well and take pride in what they are doing.  Give El Dorado Cantina a chance and you won't be sorry.