I'm shocked by how low the average rating here is, this is one of my favorite places to eat when I'm in Vegas.  We discovered it totally by accident while roaming through the newest building on the strip, looking for a fun meal. The initial outside appearance of the restaurant made me think it was a food court, but once I saw the name Jose Andres, I knew we were in for something special,  and I wasn't disappointed.

That was over a year ago, since then we have been back several times.  The highest compliment that I can pay to the food is that every time I leave China Poblano, I leave energized, excited, and euphoric.

When China Poblano gets it right, they get it very right, witness the Viva China, beef tendon and Kumamoto Oyster taco.  It's simple, yet enthralling, an amazing contrast of texture, temperature, and flavor.  Every time I have one, it's just as good as the first.

There are a number of other shining stars, like the Barbacoa and Silenco (spicy duck tongue and lychee!) tacos, and several of the desserts (I still dream about the Tres Lychees, why did they have to take it away?!?!?!).  The noodles I've tried were quite good (especially the spicy Dan Dan Mian), but not quite up to the level of the zany tacos.

I have sampled a few things that I'd classify as merely "good" like the chocolate terra cotta warrior, and the fried wantons, and there is a large swath of the menu that I've yet to try.

Yes, it can be a bit pricey for the quantity of food/drink, but consider the location, and more importantly consider the creative, meticulously prepared food.  You get what you pay for.

However, those items that I love make China Poblano a destination entirely on their own, not to mention the fun atmosphere and excellent service.  On that note, our servers have always been not just friendly and accommodating, but very knowledgeable about the food as well, and I think that really makes a difference in the overall experience.

I'm always happy to be coming back to China Poblano.  It's a great place to start or end your Vegas trip, or perhaps even for a late night in the middle.  This last trip, we did all three!