I came to Vegas in a funk--  I was moody, irritable, high maintenance, stressed out, and basically being the breeziest b I could possibly be to my boyfriend and friends.  

To add the topping to my cake of misery, we had to check out of the Palms after 2 hours of sleep, and move to....   CIRCUS CIRCUS.  I considered myself victim of the worst decision made by my group-mates trying to save some money.  

For those of you who are unfamiliar with Circus Circus... It is a "family" establishment to bring your children and let them run rampant and screaming without supervision in a dingy, low-ceilinged, un-ventilated horror of plastic clowns that haven't been cleaned since they were installed.  If there was a space capacity, there must be some sort of fire ordinance because you are unable to walk through the lobbies without dodging families who have too many children to keep track of, underage girls who are trying to grow up too quickly, and vendors who are trying to sell you belts and accessories made in Vietnam.  2nd hand smoke and dirty money was my perfume of the day.

So maybe you can understand my frustration about my predicament.  So when I yelped a nearby place to escape to, I settled on Tacos El Gordo.  This placed changed my entire perspective on the trip.


ADOBADA  ALL DAY ERR' DAY

Holy-- I got Adobada Tacos, Adobada Quesadilla, and ordered some Carne Asada fries for the table. 

The staff runs a jovial assembly line, where you order your items and they each take an assignment.  It comes with grilled veggies (especially the green onions) which were so bomb I was eating them long after my stomach was maxxed out.

The tacos had it RIGHT.  Perfect blend of all textures-- meat was savory, vegetables crisp, and tortilla fresh.  Quesadilla followed suit, and then topped off with my fries.  Best carne fries I have ever had.  Price was way too fair!  I tipped them 5 dollars in the jar because I was so impressed with everything.

The workers were experiencing a mid-day lull in traffic, and each of them began cleaning everything-- I saw one of the ladies even get on a ladder and clean the ceiling. They were jamming out on their radio music, and singing loudly.  I loved the warmth!

I walked out feeling like this trip could be good!  Staying at awful Circus Circus brought me within walking distance to this place, and I was instilled with hope.  If you are in town, you HAVE to go here.