Holy Guacamole Batman...  This place ROCKS!!!!  I was totally tempted by Jaime W's ROTD for this place and so I had to go ASAP.  I was Sooooo NOT disappointed!!  My stud muffin had some errands to run so as luck would have it we were on the other side of the universe from where we live which just so happened to be RIGHT BY CARLITO'S!!  Serendipitous! So we walk in and the place is small but PACKED!!  That's a good sign.  You could tell that these were ALL REGULARS too.  I saunter on up to the little counter staring at the menu overhead trying desperately to remember what I had decided I wanted to try.  I couldn't remember so I just told the guy that it was our first time and asked him what was the best thing they had.  He asked us if we like spicy and WE DO so he suggested the Chili Verde Burrito.... I got it Combo which is beans and rice and Eric (aka stud muffin, studster, baby maker, hubster, etc) got it Carlito's Way which is double meat.  My son ordered the chicken Nachos. (All three lunches with drinks plus tax & tip came out to under $30.) The service was fast and friendly!

When the food arrived (which was quickly despite being very busy) we were first impressed by the shear SIZE of the portions... HUGE!  More than enough to fill up my teenage son who can easily eat a large pizza by himself!!  The nachos are piled HIGH with everything you can imagine and the chicken is SO GOOD!!!  TONS OF FLAVOR!!!  Our Burritos were so big and smothered in green sauce and just the right amount of cheese.  We dug in and both immediately started making noises you would normally hear coming from a bedroom but it was sooo good we couldn't help it!!  Just the right amount of hot without losing any of the flavor.  OH. SO. GOOD!  I still have half of mine left and will be having it for dinner tonight!!

I am a definite FAN of Carlito's!! There is not one thing negative I have to say about this place.  It is exactly what it should be.   So my taste buds and  tummy send many thanks Carlito's and to Jaime W for sending me there!!