My pinche  review...
When I saw this place (container park) I just had to stop and check it out. It kinda looked like a kids Quest for adults. I walked around checking all those unique stores and places to eat and decided to go into the pinches tacos container and order some food. Not my first time in a container but it is the first ordering tacos inside one. Last time I was in one of those containers there was definitely no tacos or beer for that matter and my "first" class travel companions weren't as nice as the people inside this one, but that's another story and what happened in that container stayed in that container, this is Vegas and this review is about pinches tacos.......
The menu. I didn't get to read it all, actually I wasn't really going to try it is a huge blackboard with like a thousand items written all over it. the combo plate for 8.95 any three tacos caught my eyes and I ordered the asada tacos but came up to 10.45 because they charge .50 extra per taco for the asada or seafood. ( asada tacos are made with grilled angus beef.)
Most of the seating is outside but they did manage to include some seating inside and if you're lucky you may find an empty table inside and enjoy your tacos in full container experience, specially if it's freezing outside.
 Tacos were good...very good. I need to go back and try other items, I took a to go menu and been planning my next visit. Tacos de pollo mole and camaron Fritos sounds very appetizing as many other items on the extensive menu.
Service was good, you place your order, you're given a number (a Mexican lottery card in this case) and your food is delivered to your table by a smiling employee that makes sure your experience at pinches tacos is an excellent one.
 If you like good tasting tacos made with quality fresh ingredients and a clean environment, pinches tacos is the place to go. If cheap quantity and greasy food is your thing,.... well Roberto, this is not for you, but you'll be Gordo in no time.

#greatfood!
#greatservice
#gordo=fat