This isn't a full review! This is a pre-review based off of a short encounter. The pre-review will cover my experience today, when I dropped off my donation for "Yelp's Toys for Tater Tots Drive!"

Ok, so I dropped off my toy around 3pm today. As I entered, I stood at the counter for maybe 30 seconds before I was greeted by the hostess. I inquired about where to leave the toy that I brought. The young lady didn't know. She said to ask a man that had just finished eating at a table.

As the man approached, the lady asked him about the Toy Drive. He kindly pointed out a box that was on the top of a table (or something similar). He then said, "You get a tot too." I did know that I was suppose to get a tot but he was very friendly with reminding me. So, he yelled to the back for someone to make the tot. He asked me to have a seat and he quoted me 5-6 minutes in waiting time.

After maybe 5 minutes, he bought out the bag, containing the tot. He gracefully thanked me and vice versa. I then walked out, got in my car and pulled off, without even checking the food.

I had my friend with me, so she actually wanted to opened my container of tots, because everyone knows that tots or any potato is best hot. As she busted through the bag, we were overtaken by an incredible aroma. I've never smelled, or tasted, for that matter, any tots that smelled as wonderfully as these did.

She finally opened the container and we were both surprised to see that the tots were covered with a combination of ground beef, bacon, peppers and cheese. I don't know if they were suppose to come that way, but we were certainly glad they did.

We both took a few bites and it was absolutely delicious. The spicy mixed perfectly with the meat and they all complemented the tots to perfection. The whole dish was seasoned JUST RIGHT! We were fighting over who got the last bite, it was so good!

I don't know if the man (potentially the owner) realized he had just earned himself a loyal, satisfied customer, or not. But, he surely did! And just to think, we probably would not have known anything about this place, if it wasn't for the toy drive. My friend and I have already added this place to our short list of favorites. We're definitely looking forward to going back in the near future.