i was in tempe for a weekend ice hockey tourney ( i was one of the hockey huggers) and after one of the games ended, everyone was trying to decide where to go to eat. 

SunnyD (he went to ASU so he was into the local flavor) insisted that we come here. I was a bit unsure as  everyone was throwing out suggestions like, hamburgers or italian but he stood staunch in his belief that i would love it.

So, we went solo.

Hmmm...things to note:

It's not fancy.
It's next to a smoke "accessory" store 
When we got there, it was a little after the lunch rush and way before dinner time.  it wasn't packed (actually, i think during the time we were there, there  was one guy who was eating, a few people who came in to pick up their to-go orders and maybe a couple or two who were coming in as we were leaving)

It's pretty low-key.
There's a menu. It states exactly what they've got (chicken or steak, i think were the only options)
you get beans, marinated onions and salsa with every order along with your choice of flour/corn tortillas.
I got the 1/4 chicken w/ flour, SunnyD got the 1/2 w/corn.

HOLY MOLY!  once the order arrived at my table, I noticed two things.
1. i don't usually like onions but i love pickled/marinated onions (and that's what they give you, the slightly vinegary yumminess takes the bite out of onions so they are just perfect without having an oniony smell!)
2. they char the skin on the chicken just perfect so there's no layer of fat and it's just all crispy skin goodness with a juicy marinated to the bone goodness when it comes to the meat.

i ate everything. i literally tried to get as much meat off the bones as I could. I like beans but hello....the chicken....was....heavenly.
i could have eaten about another 1/4 (let's be honest, another 1/2 chicken easily)

SunnyD made good on his chicken and ate the whole thing too. I think the next time, we can def. go with a whole chicken and maybe another 1/2. 

It's so good that if SunnyD were to ever ask me to drive out to Tempe from OC to just dine on that chicken again, i would gas up and hit the road.  

So bottom line. It's kind of like el pollo loco (but sooooo much better) but more authentic, in a more hole in the wally place that does chicken the way it's supposed to be done. Cash only and plastic utensils (so make sure your fingers work, so you can pull the meat off the bones) I might have to check out the steak on my next visit but I don't really want to spare the room.