By nature we usually compare new things we try to our favorites. 

I think my comparison for Taco Taco is definitely Gordo's! 

Upon seeing the lay out it does scream copycat, but looks are deceiving because I think their offerings are better than Gordo's the only point ill give to Gordo's is their adobada. Taco Taco wins in everything else.

I love Gordo's, but its always so busy! I know dumb reason to knock them, but I am happy to have discovered Taco Taco from friends.

I'd also say it's like a chipotle mixed with a Gordo's. There's a large seating area. It's always clean. The salsa bar is legit! It really is an awesome thing to have for your customers especially when you're not dining in. A label for each sauce would be good.

My first visit was during a lunch break.

I was the only person ordering and it took awhile for my food to get to me. Considering the large staff I just didn't see how it was possible. 

I can't knock them for my making my food fresh, but Gordo's is quick.

Whenever I try a new place I always go crazy ordering new things so I can get a real taste for their food. 

This is my final conclusion on their food.

I had their al pastor gran tacos which were yummy. I think the flavor is too salty, but still good. They are like a "supreme" taco of sorts. It's larger than their regular tacos and are packed with meat. I've also had their carne asada tacos which are good. Their fries come in full and half sizes and they also carry nachos in both sizes. You can get any meat on either. I had a bowl today that was also really good. You get a lot of choices on what you can have on the tacos. 

One disappointment was when I had a language taco their was no sauce on it. Since the salsa bar has so many salsas this shouldn't be a problem, but maybe a suggestion for which sauce pairs best with each meat? 

Overall it's a hit for me.

My only gripe with the place is that I don't like their ordering system. The staff is nice in that they don't send you to a different area they'll just tell the order to the "correct" person. If they found a good ordering system and a way to translate it to their customers it would make it easier for them to take orders, easier for them to serve customers, and they'd make more money in return. 

They have shrimp on the weekends, but they have run out the three times I've been. I can't wait to try them though.