It's probably no surprise but, we can't get Mexican food like this in Savannah. I'm not an expert, but this seemed so authentic and fresh, albeit very, very spicy. 

Margaritas (two pitchers consumed by three of us) were made with just squeezed lime juice instead of the sweet syrupy mix every Mexican place serves back home. The corn chips were fresh fried hot rather then reheated, or worse room temperature, as in Savannah. And, they actually tasted like corn! Their guacamole got three thumbs up, with one diner abstaining saying he felt it was too mellow. The others, by the way, saw it as a good counterpoint to the red and green chili salsas, which were judged hot and hotter.. 

Two, of our party of four, were sensitive to spicy food. It should be noted that although Los Dos Molinos' menu is careful to annotate spicy food as such, that the majority of their offerings fall under this category. Our two gringos with mild tastes ordered the carnitas (slow cooked pork) and chicken flautas with guacamole and sour cream. (Curiously, he felt the flautas needed more flavor.) The remaining two diners (one female/one male) were eager to "man up", respectively ordering the adovada ribs in red chili and the enchilada dinner with chicken, red chili and a fried egg. Both were highly appreciated and savored with great relish, although there was a price to pay throughout the wee hours of the following morning for this writer. 

To add to the attack upon our four digestive systems, we opted to split an order of the sopapilla with everything, aka deep fried dough with honey, sugar and Cinnamon. Very tasty indeed.

Service was prompt, pleasant and especially helpful in assisting us as we worked our way through a menu peppered with chili IEDs. The kitchy environment seemed a bit out of context, but was fun none the less. Some might consider pricing a tad high, our bill before tip was just over $100, but it was supported by the quality of the food, and we drank alot. 

I'd return to Los Dos Molinos in a heartbeat, although I'd be sure to stock up on Pepcid first.