This is another one of my absolute favorites in AZ. I've heard some folks pan on other boards but I just flat out don't get it. For people visiting AZ, this is a must go imo. My relatives visiting from Australia requested it as their last meal on their way out of town.

First of all, I'm not a big green chili fan. Second of all, Rito's green chile burro is one of my top 3 bites in all of AZ.

Tortillas are amazing (homemade), beans are amazing (I guess I'm still a big fan of lard). Unbelievably, beans seem to get even better when you microwave them from the fridge the next day too.

I love the character of the place. It's run by a mother, her daughters & some other relatives. They do what they do & are who they are & don't really care beyond that. I've heard it compared to the Soup Nazi from the Seinfeld episode. My first visit, I did get that vibe but the ladies have been super sweet many, many times. It is a bit tough to find, they have short hours, they only take cash and as the sign says, do NOT approach the window on your cell phone.  

I think at present they quit making tacos because they were too much work & the mom has had some health issues. So basically you get what you get. I say get the green chile burro.

So they are who they are & do what they do, take it or leave it. I love it.

As far as the shop, it's basically just a barred window counter you order from, you pick up your food & go outside & eat on picnic-like tables. 

They are open only M-F from 9 - 5ish. Close even a bit earlier on Fridays I think. 

They're on 14th street just south of Roosevelt right across from the school. You'll just see a screen door & that's it. If it's around lunch time, you'll probably see a line as well.

I think the short hours & no evenings, no weekends even add to the obsession for me. Scarcity makes it even more desired.

Right now, I cannot believe how much I'm craving this food.

BTW, the warning about scalding food & soupy burrito are right on. Ended up with a bunch of scalding green chili in my lap my first visit.