Muy bien Spotted Donkey! It was by chance that I realized they opened a second location much closer to my house and I couldn't wait to check it out and see if I could finally save gas and still get the same great food. The answer is yes, yes I can! 

Once you enter Spotted Donkey, you'd never realize you were actually in a strip mall off Hayden. It's cozy with dark wood and a Spanish feel and it's roomy so that you don't feel cramped and like you're on top of your neighbors. The lounge to the left houses several tvs and comfortable seating and the dining room to the right houses several tables for dining. I think this would be a perfect option to bring a large group. 

The food was excellent and absolutely up to par with the north location. They brought out chips with three different kinds of salsa. Be warned, have your water before you take a bite because if you are a sensitive sally like me when it comes to hot sauce, you will need a sip! For a meal, I went with the Fajitas. I wish I had shared because they were hearty and filling! The only thing that would have made the meal better is if it came with beans and rice, but they did get an extra point in my book for including guacamole with the meal without charging more or having to order it on the side. The traditional margarita was spot on and one I could find myself drinking one too many of. 

I think the Spotted Donkey is a great option for visiting to have a couple drinks on a weekend night in the lounge, or if you want to have a dinner for two or ten in the dining room. 

But before I go, I have to mention the only catch of the night. Not a catch enough to make me lower the five star rating, but one worth mentioning. We went there for a leisurely dinner and were definitely not in a rush. We lingered over the menu, ordered a drink and then ordered food. Literally 5-7 minutes after ordering the food, it came out...we literally were in and out in 40 minutes. So...if you are going for a casual lingering dining experience, take your time ordering because if it's anything like my visit the food will come out fast! However, if you need a quick dining experience without sacrificing your food quality, Spotted Donkey is...spot on!