"Take care of these guys," said the manager to the server as he showed us to our table. "Extra VIP. They used to be regulars. That means someone scared them away."

We did used to be regulars. We spent New Years' Eve - the only day for which they take reservations - at Barrio Cafe several years running, until last year when we decided to stay home. Nobody scared us away; we added a few new places to our list, and my husband's job leaves much less time for dining out than we used to have. We hadn't realized how much time had passed since our last visit. 

The place still feels the same, with live music on Sundays and local artists' work on the walls. Since it had been so long, it took us some time to take in the menu changes. Is Chef Silvana Salcido Esparza's signature dish, Chiles en Nogada, really available year-round now? 

We started with Barrio Cafe's amazing guacamole. During dinner service, the ingredients are brought out and the guacamole is made fresh at your table. Since this was brunch, it was made fresh in the kitchen. I am not complaining. I have tried to recreate this recipe at home and have so far been unsuccessful. Avocados, lime, cilantro, onion, tomato, and pomegranate seeds, right? Something else, obviously, but I just can't get it right, so I'll have to keep going back to Barrio to eat it there.

I didn't get around to asking about the Chiles en Nogada, because I was craving seafood, and the enchiladas mariscos satisfied that craving admirably. I couldn't tell you what my husband ordered, only that the bite I stole was delicious. 

"Did you leave room for dessert?" The answer was no, but we were brunching at Barrio Cafe, so we ordered Pastel de Chocolate, chocolate cake filled with imported chocolate, almond and cinnamon sauce, and a pot of their smack-your-momma good dark coffee. I couldn't eat the cake, so I stuck to a few heavenly spoonsful of the ice cream with which it was served. The menu says it's vanilla bean, but I tasted hints of cinnamon even without the sauce.

It was, as always, a fantastic meal. If they'll have us, we intend to reclaim our sports as regulars - starting with this New Year's Eve.