One Liner: Chinese Mexican? Mexican Chinese?

Food: (scale of 0-4) 3.5
It's 15 minutes before noon. We tried to get there early to beat the traffic. Of course, we had no such luck here. It might be 11:45am, and it might be 115 degrees out, the hole, the big hole in the wall place was packed, and the line was out the door. 
Anyway, they have a sampling station for newbies on the left side of the counter. I got a chance to try a few different dishes before I settle on the order. It makes the place a zoo, but I like the concept. After all, most food here are somewhat pre-cooked.
So what does Chinese Mexican or Mexican Chinese taste like?
I can't really describe it. It's new to me. I know I fully enjoyed the diablo pork, emerald chicken and most important of all, the jerked fried chicken. Ok there is nothing chinese or mexican about jerked fried chicken, but it's still a creative fusion dish, a perfect one for that matter.
When the girl brought the food over, I just couldn't wait to redirect the food right into my mouth. Before she reached me, she slipped!
I managed to saved the food, both plates. Only 2 things dropped, the snicker doodle and the girl. I feel really bad that I wasn't able to keep her from falling, but I saved the food!!

Extras: (Scale of 0-1)  0.8

Service 0.2: She probably bruised her behind delivering food to me, I've gotta leave full score here.
 
Decor 0.1: It's old, ugly, but somewhat special. It looks like an expanded cafeteria.  

Speed 0.2: Even with the line out the door, they still make very good progress. The food gets on your table FAST. 

Dessert 0.1: good snicker doodle 

Prices 0.2: It's more than reasonable. Chinese take out prices for a great fusion creation? It's cheap. 

My score for this experience is 4.3 stars.
For a chance at the oddest and the most delicious creation on earth, it's no doubt a 5 star in my heart and my stomach.

P.S. Do try the 2 different hot sauce they have there. They are not your typical hot sauce. They aren't very spicy.