Hands down FIVE STARS!

I'm so in love with this place. Everything was perfect.

I came here with my boyfriend on Thursday morning. We got there ten minutes early so we waited for the doors to open. Lucky us, we were the first customers!

Service:
Normally I'm used to people being a little cranky or annoyed when customers show up when the place just opens since they're not fully ready yet, but it wasn't like that all all here. I mean, except for the hostess. She wasn't mean or anything but I did detect a little attitude and she didn't see all that friendly. She asked my boyfriend for his name, which I didn't understand at all. There was no one else even coming in the restaurant and it's not like she looked for a reservation so I thought that was weird. 

Our server was awesome though! I don't have a single complaint about him at all. He was totally on top of everything. Once he sat us he took our drink orders, suggested the guacamole then brought us our freshly made appetizer once it was done and the drinks. Then took our order and brought it right away. He always kept checking up on us too even though he got more customers. I notice that a lot of servers tend to stop checking up on you if they get more customers because they're just soo busy, but he didn't at all, he was always making sure we had everything we need and always made sure our cups and the basket of chips were filled. If we weren't so full we would've ordered the churros he suggested because, as my boyfriend described,  they sounded very enticing !

Food:
My coffee was freshly brewed and they put a hint of cinnamon in it which I thought I wouldn't like, but it turned out to be sooo good! The guacamole was out of this world! So fresh, so chunky, and ooh so yummy! Definitely the best guac I have had in a very long time. The chips also came with 3 different salsas which were mild medium and hot. You could definitely tell the levels and different tastes of each one which is seldom in a lot of restaurants. We ordered the tacos since it's the only thing on the menu that says it comes with rice and beans which is what we wanted. The tacos were freakin' BOMB! Omg they were so good! The carne asada was very tender and juicy and the sweet/spicy sauce was killer! The chicken tinga tacos were even better! They seriously took me to heaven, mmmm. The portions were perfect. I'm so used to going to Mexican restaurants and having them just fill the plate with their watery refried beans and and soggy rice, but this place totally didn't do that. It's like they pre measured my waist and figured out what portion would be just right. I looved it. I didn't walk out with my pants all unbuttoned and my stomach all bloated. The food was just awesome, I can't wait to try the churros and another plate! 

Ambiance:
The interior of this place was so cool! It's like i got socked in the face and saw little stars floating around me and everything in different colors. It was seriously so nice. I loved it! My boyfriend and I even want to decorate one of the rooms in our house like that in the future. The way that the booths were set up were so you could see the whole restaurant around you, soo nice! Next time I definitely want to sit outdoors at night, I saw that they had fireplaces! It must be really nice to come here at night because the ambiance is so beautiful. 

I can't wait to come here again :D