When I'm in Vegas Border Grill (inside the Mandalay Bay) is one of my favorite places to eat, which is why I am so surprised by it's rating.  The food, service and atmosphere are all fantastic. In my opinion, whoever gave this place less than four stars doesn't know what great Mexican food tastes like and should stick to chain restaurants like El Toritos.  
  The staff at BG is amazing. Everyone is friendly and welcoming from the moment you check in. We love to sit in Jamie's section because she is friendly, very attentive and full of energy. She is also very knowledgeable about the menu and how the items are prepared. She goes above and beyond to make sure we are happy. We never feel rushed or pushed to leave so that they can turn the table. That's rare at most restaurants in Vegas.
  When you first arrive at your table you are welcomed with a basket of fresh  homemade tortilla chip and a trio of homemade salsas. Its a great way to start your evening. I love to order the guacamole as well. Its chunky, thick and simply delicious.
  As far as drinks are concerned, I have tried many of them and have yet to be unhappy with a single one. The selection of mixed drinks are fabulous. I am, however, a big fan of the red sangria. Its just the right mix of wine and juice and it goes well with the chips and guacamole.
  If you are in the mood to try a Border Grill culinary feast then I highly recommend you order the Ultimate Border Grill Experience. You get a trio of appetizers, an entree of your choice, and then a dessert of your choice. You really cant go wrong with this deal!
  My ABSOLUTE favorite dish on the menu is the BBQ beef short ribs. They are wickedly delicious and mouth watering good.  The ribs are so tender that they fall apart and melt in your mouth.  The BBQ sauce has just enough kick to it, but isn't overpowering. The ribs are served atop a creamy corn polenta that is to die for.  I sometimes crave the dish... which, I must say, is worth driving to Vegas for.
  Dessert is my thing and honestly you can't go wrong with any of the desserts on the menu. I have tried many of them and I haven't been disappointed yet.
  Border Grill is definitely worth going to while in Vegas!!