You know how sometimes you're searching for something and you see it on Yelp and it's got a million positive reviews and you wonder if it's really that good? That's the story of this place and believe the hype, friend... it's really that good. 

I came here while visiting Phoenix with a friend of mine for the weekend. I'm not at all familiar with Phoenix, so I just searched for the taco place nearest me, and lo and behold, it was Santos Lucha Libre. How fortunate I was!

First of all, when you walk into this place, you realize it has a really cool vibe. The decorations are rather spartan compared to some other taco places, but they do a really good job of making the place look cool and modern. In any case, all the first impressions I was forming went by the wayside when one of the guys working there greeted us and asked if it was the first time there. Yes, indeed it was. He then said he would prepare a taste of each meat for us so we'd know what we liked. Each of the proteins (meat, chicken, pork) are prepared in about three ways, so there's a lot to taste. Though I later opted for something else, I can tell you everything was delicious. The carne al pastor was the best pastor I've ever had... it was truly awesome. My friend ordered one of each protein and said they were all perfect. I, however, ordered the fish tacos. Man, I love fish tacos -- except that most places give you like three milligrams of the fish and then a ton of veggies. Well, not at this place! They piled my tacos high with fish and then add the toppings as you like it (think Subway or Chipotle). My fish tacos were the best fish tacos I've ever had. That's how serious it is. It's so serious if someone were driving back to Phoenix for a weekend, I might be tempted to go just for those tacos. I'm not even joking. 

All in all, this place wins all around. The decor was cool, the service was great, and the food was perfect. There's nothing to complain about here, except for they're like 300 miles from my house.