Border Brunch... this combines 2 things that I love the most.. delicious Mexican Food and Breakfast. There is no way you can go wrong with this plan. The cost of the brunch is $25 and it is "all you can eat" but none of it is buffet style, instead they have created 17 items that are all tapas sized so that you can try any number of them and share them with your dining partners. The server mentioned that you could amp up the brunch with all you could drink mimosa's for only $5 more but we did not partake, this time ;-). The brunch is served downstairs on the patio that is located next to Mandalay Beach so when the weather is perfect like it was this past weekend you can enjoy the elements and the food. 

Every brunch starts off with the Chips & Salsa Trio.. all 3 salsas are great but the tomatillo is PERFECT. I wish I had read the review telling me to ask for the spicy salsa but I will save that surprise for my next visit. 

We shared the following dishes: 

Huevo Ranchero - Not my favorite dish, there was something about about the sauce that I wasn't fond of. BUT, the next item was great... 

Breakfast Enchilada - This is not your typical rolled enchilada but it is a stacked version that was delicious. I would order this one again. 

Coconut French Toast - This was the biggest surprise of the brunch. The coconut was not overpowering and the sourdough bread was perfectly cooked. 

Biscuit and Sausage Gravy - Not much "Mexican" about this dish but the sausage gravy was great and the buttermilk corn biscuit was yummy. 

Mini Breakfast Burrito, Chorizo and Egg Taco and the Carne Asada Taco - All were very good. 

Machaca Chilaquiles - This was my FAVORITE dish of the day. I could have eaten a full sized order of this or multiple small sized portions. Chilaquiles is something that I am always on the look out for and once you add amazing beef brisket you get a dish that you will remember forever. 

Overall the atmosphere, food and service were great and I would go back for this brunch anytime. If you are in Vegas or come to Vegas and don't try this brunch you might possibly regret it for the rest of your life...