I came here for the second time on a whim with Don. We just got out of the movies and were looking for a place to eat. I remembered buying a Groupon for Agave, so we headed over. When we arrived it was 9:50pm (10 min to happy hour), so we took our time perusing through the menu and ended up ordering Fresh Fish Tacos, 
Crispy Fried Machaca Beef Burrito, and two margaritas at happy hour price ($5 ea). 
Even though it was happy hour, the place was really empty, but I actually prefer it that way. The ambiance is so beautiful at night. All the warm colors and small dangling lights just made me feel like I was having dinner under the stars. 

We got complimentary chips with three different salsas. I'm not sure of the names so I'll just call them bright red, dark red, and green. My favorite was the dark red salsa. It was mild and had a fire roasted taste to it. The chips were fresh and crispy, just how I like them. Sometimes when I go to a Mexican restaurant that gives complimentary chips, they're stale or undercooked, but that wasn't a problem here. The fish tacos had a poblano pepper slaw inside that Don really enjoyed. They also came with rice and beans. The only thing he didn't like about them was that they came on flour tortillas instead of corn. The Crispy Fried Machaca Burrito was huge! Look at this beast: http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/UtxbOEWhfmNajcmfRZuMLQ/l.jpg. Even though I was practically starving, I still couldn't finish more than half. It was delicious though. It had shredded-dried beef with fresh avocado, Mexican rice, refried black beans topped with red fresno sauce and melted Mexican cheeses. If you've read any of my past reviews, you know I love avocado and rice in my burritos. The black beans instead of pinto beans were an added bonus. This was actually the first time I've had a crispy fried burrito and I really enjoyed the crispy outer layer. I felt weird eating a burrito with a knife and fork, but seriously, it was smothered in red sauce. I would look like a monster eating a baby if I just picked it up with my hands. 

All in all,I still love Agave. Last time I went was at 11am when they just opened, so there was nobody there, which made for a peaceful breakfast. This time I went at 10pm in the middle of the week and there wasn't anyone else there, so it made for an intimate date. Both times the service was great and so was the food, so I have nothing to complain about.