When in Wickenburg, pompous city types like us go in to a restaurant just hoping not to get poisoned.  On this hope, and on all others we could dare to have, El Ranchero delivered. We left feeling more than a little ashamed about our preconceived notion of small towns.

As we walked into the restaurant for lunch, the first thing we noticed was the it was quite vibrant inside. The decor was fun and the restaurant was mostly full. A friendly waitress rushing to a table told us to sit anywhere we like. We said we wanted a booth, and the buss lady quickly went to break down and clean off the only available booth. As we sat our lazy butts in the booth, they apologized to us for having to clean the booth, as if it were their fault that we wanted to sit at the one dirty table in the joint. As soon as the lady was done cleaning the table, she gave us menus and asked if we wanted any drinks or appetizers. We were content with free Chips and Salsa, but we did order Margaritas. 

The Margaritas deserve their own paragraph. When you order a $5 Margarita, you don't expect much. But these were giant, strong, tasty margaritas - the tastiest I have had in recent history. One margarita was enough for a very nice buzz from both of us.

Chips and salsa were top notch as well. The chips were fairly thick (which I like), and the salsa rack had a mild and a medium red salsa, as well as refried beans.

We were slow in making up our minds about what to eat, but the waitress kept coming back to check on us every couple minutes anyway.

We finally decided on the Tamal plate for me, and a rolled taco and a soft taco for the girlfriend. The food arrived a little slow, but this was to be expected seeing how busy they were.

As the star rating of this review would indicate, it was well worth the wait. The tamal was moist and well seasoned. There was a generous amount of meat in there too!

The girlfriend thought the rolled tacos were the best that she ever had. I demanded a bite and I have to say I agree. Moist meat, lightly fried tortilla that still had an excellent crunch to it, and fantastic cheese garnish. After finishing our meal, we ordered another one as a victory lap. Nothing can be said about the soft taco, mostly because it was gone before I could get my mouth on it.

This place is good enough that we will likely plan future road trips around being near Wickenburg around lunch time.