A gem to remind us what Phoenix *can* be, in a utopian sense.
Locally owned and operated restaurant, in a locally owned and operated hotel.

The decor is stylish and casually comfortable, with LOTS of local art on the walls available for purchase.

Went this past weekend for a UYE and had a BLAST!  Even my boo-boo drink mix up was A-OK!

Started with a happy hour Bloody Mary.  (That's a Sunday law, right?)  Once our group was seated, I got another.  (If one is good, two is GREAT, right?)
I ordered the elote to start with - planning on eating light to save room for dessert (and more drinks, RIGHT?)

Darn that Lynn W - she is *such* a bad influence.  Tacos, too!  One each please - carne asada, cochinita and fish!

And that brings us to the mistake.  I meant to order the "La Ruso" - which is Hendrick's gin, ginger beer and lime.  Instead, I asked for the "Paloma" - wich is El Jimador Resposado tequila, grapefruit soda, lime and salt.  The drink was tasty.  Soooo tasty.  Tasty enough that I neglected to enforce my NO TEQUILA rule.  At the beginning of the night, I even told a couple of my companions that my next tattoo will be a med-alert bracelet reading 'allergic to tequila!"  But I drank it.  I drank it all!

When the tacos came (the cochinita was good, but not as good as La Condesa, the carne asada and fish were AMAZING!), I corrected the gaffe by ordering my La Ruso.  Fantastic drink - but I probably should have skipped it, as by that time, I could barely tell the flavor difference between the two, and had to have others at the table confirm by taste I got the right drink.  But hey - if three drinks are great, four must be fantastic, right?

The stragglers of the group (Lynn W, Norm R and I) shared the orange cake for dessert.  Just sweet enough to refresh our mouths - but not at all overpowering.  And incredibly moist.

When all was said and done - 
The food and drink were as good as ever! 
The service was spot on and she had a GREAT attitude!
I happily made great new Yelp friends!


What a fantastic way to wrap up the weekend!