Last night was the date of my long-awaited reservation at täkō (made nearly a month ago) and it didn't disappoint! My boyfriend and I arrived about five minutes before our 6:30 reservation and were seated by the professional hostess team almost immediately. The kitchen with a small outdoor seating area is in the front of the restaurant, and the inside back area is two stories with moody, eclectic lighting, lots of candles, and murals on the walls. I was glad I was in cute work clothes rather than dressed down, as täkō has a trendier fine-dining atmosphere even though the price point is lower.

Our server came over quickly with water and gave us the menus to look over. After a few minutes she came back and explained the specials as well as answered the questions we had. She took our orders without writing them down and made non-awkward eye contact, something you don't encounter so often in restaurants. She ended up being one of the best servers I've had in Pittsburgh...polite, efficient, and just attentive enough without being overbearing. That alone is worth a high rating to me! 

The guacamole that you can customize sounds amazing, so I know we'll be trying it next time. We wanted to get to the main course immediately though, so we both ordered drinks and tacos at once. I ended up getting the red sangria and the al pastor tacos, and Kyle went with Neville Island tea and the carnitas tacos. The sangria was surprisingly incredible and not too sweet...it paired perfectly with my tacos. I had a feeling that the sangria at täkō wouldn't be the same glass of mediocrity found at other establishments, and I was correct. The tacos themselves were hands down the best I've ever had. The marinated pork was spicier in this version of al pastor than in others I've experienced, and the chunks of roasted pineapple were generous. The onion was sliced thinly and arranged on top rather than in a chunky heap than ends up falling out of both ends of the taco shell. The avocado salsa was drizzled around the edges, holding the ends together and topping off the flavors and textures perfectly. Not only did this taco taste better than any I can remember having, it was so nicely assembled that eating it wasn't a chore. The assembly and attention to detail is really what makes the tacos here a cut above what some other places have to offer. It felt like fine dining only with super interesting street food, and that's a concept I can get behind. (Kyle came to the same conclusion once he stopped eating long enough to give me his opinion!) 

I know we'll return to täkō often, and I can see us bringing out of town friends here for a fun night out as well. It's the sort of place that makes me happy to be living in Pittsburgh and proud of what the city's food scene is becoming. Well done!