I had a comp for brunch for two and a friend from Yelp and I went here yesterday.  WOW!  Talk about food overload!  And was it good!

We had reservations for noon and were seated immediately.  At that time, the place was fairly empty.  We chose to sit indoors--we're locals and it's still cold.  We let the tourists sit in the 50 degree weather outside.

Upon being seated, we each got a starter dish of fresh fruit with strawberries, mango, watermelon, cantaloupe, and honeydew and a dish with two fruit empanadas.  The fresh fruit had a mango sauce.  The fruit was a nice starter.  We then ate the empanadas which were quite good, too!  Then began our slow but steady try of almost everything on their brunch menu.

The menu lists 18 brunch dishes.  They are all tapas size so you can try many different dishes.  You order two or three, enjoy them, and then order some more.  Here's what I got:

Green corn tamale - some wonderful sweet corn with sour cream and salsa fresca.  Behind the opened corn husk was a packet of sweet corn wrapped in another corn shuck and tied.  It was sweet and wonderful!

Huevos rancheros - this was a tostada with a fried egg (you can have it cooked your way) with ranchero sauce, guacamole, salsa fresca and cotija cheese.  Another winner.

Bacon jalapeño PBJ - this is and interesting dish of fried egg, peanut butter, jelly, crispy bacon, and jalapeño all inside a fresh biscuit.  I couldn't taste the jalapeño but the bacon with the peanut butter and jelly was super!

Peruvian shrimp and grits - a very nice, spicy sauced shrimp on top of grits.  The grits were thick, almost like mashed potatoes rather than the runny grits you normally get.  

Oaxacan pancakes - 3 small pancakes made with Mexican chocolate chips and served with a coffee caramel syrup.  Absolutely delightful!

Frittata tart - a frittata made with baby spinach, caramelized leeks, and 3 cheeses - manchego, panela, and cotija.  

Now for the dessert items:

Mexican rice pudding parfait - rice pudding with vanilla bean and seasonal fruit.

Bread pudding French toast - this was accompanied by caramelized banana and coconut syrup.  Very tasty!

Churro tots - round churros filled with dulce de leche and rolled in cinnamon sugar with caramel and prickly pear dipping sauces with whipped cream.  A perfect ending to this feast!

The two of us spent 2 hours and 15 minutes enjoying this meal.  We chatted a lot, gossiped some (yes, guys do gossip), and we were never hurried.  Service was very good.  My coffee was refilled several times.  There were a couple of errors on orders where we got something we didn't order or we got two of everything.  It didn't matter.  We just kept and ate the extra goodies placed on our table.

I plan to come back for lunch some afternoon when it's warmer and sit on the patio overlooking the Mandalay Bay pool.  This is a definite must return place!