Me and Fat Boy go back. We go waaaay back. I am pretty confident I was one of the first 1000, if not 500 customers ever at Fat Boy. I was born and raised on the East side, when a new food spot opens, I know about it. Plus they were/are big supporters of car clubs, and the local neighborhood in general. So yesterday while cruising around the old hood, it was one of 2 choices for me. Fat Boy won. 
Right off top they remembered us, AND what we usually order. Please note its been anywhere from 8 months to a year since I have been here. My bf and I brought his friend with us who was a newbie. I told him the entire menu is good, but a solid choice will always be a burger. EXCUSE ME, a BOYGER. Many choices, Cheeseboyger, Pastrami boyger, Bacon boyger. All come standard with mayo, lettuce, pickle, tomato and onion I believe, but they will customize it how you want. (my 2 favs are the bacon or pastrami) They also had no problem switching out my fries to a side salad in the combo. 
However, if you're a first timer, I say go for the chencho fries. I know some other yelpers weren't too impressed HOWEVER I think they are crazy and these fries are golden! You have the choice of fat or skinny. I always go with the fat, as they load them up with chile verde sauce, chicken, and melted white cheese which I believe to be jack but not 100% sure. They are better if you dine in, as they tend to get a little soggy in an unvented togo container.
The pizza is decent. They make the dough from scratch. Pretty much everything is made that way here. 
I personally haven't tried it, but a good friend said the beef mix plate is one of those things you eat and go home and take a nap after. The wings and fingers are also bomb, don't be a pu**y and go for the hot sauce. It is also made there and has this special tang to it.  
I know the east side isn't known for its food spots. But don't let the area fool you. This mom and pop joint is a local business you won't regret supporting. They are finally out there and known, and I couldn't be happier for them!