It's more like a 4.5 but since it was so great I rounded up rather than down.  

That said, the entire experience was wonderful.  A friend of mine suggested that we give it a go for dinner because it was Taco Tuesday.  The tacos are $1.25 from early afternoon until 10pm every Tuesday.  They were fresh, fast, and delicious.  The restaurant itself is located in a less-than-pristine part of downtown Mesa but you would never guess it.  From the bright, modern look of the outside to the absurd cleanliness of the inside (INCLUDING the bathrooms which tells you a lot about any restaurant), aesthetically it is appealing and seems out of place compared to some of the neighborhood that surrounds it.  

When you walk up you are greeted by a cozy patio with lush plants and white, twinkly lights.  Upon entering, it's colorful, lively but not rowdy, and the kitchen is the first point of reference.  Immediately you'll notice an iron grill with food roasting on it.  You can watch your food being prepared and handled with care.

The food and drink (in my case, Horchata) were phenomenal.  I got all three types of tacos (carnitas, chicken, and pulled beef).  There is a salsa bar with pickled onions, guac, cucumbers, citrus, radishes, a JALAPENO SALSA, pico de gallo and two types of salsa.  It's included as part of the experience; they aren't trying to nickle and dime you.  

All of this positive feedback in mind, it was the moment I received my food that the place went from a 5 to a 4... I know street tacos are small but I felt that these were a tad too small.  Regularly priced I would have spent $6 and had it not been for the complimentary salsa bar (I took full advantage of the cucumbers with pico de gallo which took them from a 4 to a 4.5) I would have left hungry.  On days other than Tuesday, I feel like they might want to offer a 3 for $5 deal.  That extra dollar to put towards a 4th taco would make all the difference in my simple, frugal peace of mind.  Luckily, Tuesday comes every week so if I'm being super cheap, that'll be the day I go.

All-in-all it was a near perfect taco experience.  Thanks for choosing Mesa to plant this little gem.  I will be returning often and recommending it to friends!