Executive Summary
***The best Mexican food in Las Vegas*****

We live in Southern California where Spanish is the official second language (if not first), and we have yet to find a restaurant this delicious!  Of all places, we find our favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas.  Imagine that.

We were initially attracted by the numerous reviews written, and after eating there once we understood why.

Chef Paco brings generations of passion for Oaxacan cuisine to this fine establishment.  He is not only talented, sources none GMO ingredients, but also one of the friendliest and humble Chefs I've met.  He is genuinely interested in how he can better your dining experience.  For that, I would give him more stars if yelp allowed.  

Drinks: We enjoyed the "fresco" of the day.  Jamaica is my favorite.  Their alcoholic menu was tempting though...

Appetizer: queso fundito (three cheeses baked in a skillet) is enough for 4 people to share.  The guacamole made table side is also good.  The table next to us, all men, really enjoyed the view when the waitress was smashing the fresh avocados. ;). Again, good size to share.  

Entree 1: mole--three sauces simmered for 6+ hours.  It's flavored with spice so if you can't handle it, order something else. 

Entree 2: chile relleno--vegetarian's Dream come true.  The cilantro rice also has good flavor and is very buttery.

If you are not too hungry they also have street tacos and Tortas (aka: Mexican hamburgers).

Dessert: flan (grandma's recipe) was creamy and the best I had!  I also saw other delectable choices such as fried ice cream and churros.  Next time....

This is now on our "must visit" list when in Vegas.  We will definitely be back!  Thank you Chef Paco for bringing world class Mexico cuisine to Las Vegas, just open a few more in southern California now will you please?

Tip: it's right next to Sapphire strip club (practically sharing the same wall) so park in the same parking lot and you will see the restaurant!  Makes for a convenient excuse for those men who's wives are GPS tracking them...

"what? Honey? Oh no you are mistaken, I'm eating awesome Mexican food, not at the strip club."  

As the church lady would say, "how convenient."  ;)

Tip#2: open 24 hrs!