OHHHH YEAH!

Love this place and will be going there a lot.  Let's start with their story.  They are a nice Korean couple who ran a Mexican market for 10 years.  Their food isn't a copy of the Kogi truck phenomenon in Southern California but rather a result of their experience at the market. They sold tacos, burritos, etc at their market.

However, they cooked food for themselves.  So they would blend mexican food with korean bbq, chinese food, etc.  Pretty soon customers would ask them what they were cooking/eating and ask if they could try it.  Long story made short - eventually their fusion food was doing much better business than the market itself.  So they made the leap to open up their own restaurant.

Now - on to the restaurant.  It doesn't have a ton of decor but that's to be expected from folks opening up their own business on a shoestring budget.  The food, however, is outstanding.

I had the following:

Burrito with Korean bbq pork.  This was definitely the highlight of my meal.  Served with a side of kimchee (though I'd recommend you ask for it inside the burrito if you want the best experience), the bbq pork is absolutely delicious.  Tender, flavorful, sweet, and savory.  Served with rice and veggies inside.  They serve the kimchee on the side cause they are worried about how Americans will react to it.  But I think you need the tangy kimchee to balance out the richness of the meat.  That's standard cooking.  The owners also bring you 3 hot sauces.  A korean chili, mexican hot sauce, and the owners' own house made hot sauce.  I'm not a big hot sauce person, but the owners' sauce was really excellent and flavorful.

Taco with bulgogi (beef).  A big, meaty taco that has too much to eat without spilling out the fillings.  I don't think that's necessarily great to have so much on top but I know others will love the value.  Served with a lime wedge as is traditional.  Nice tender, flavorful meat with nice crispy veggies.  

They serve you tortilla chips and salsa while you wait.  They seen to be from flour rather than corn tortillas which is unorthodox but fine.  

The value is definitely there.  It's cheap.  I actually think they should raise the price a buck on all the food and move to a richer neighborhood but that's just me.  I will back here many times.  This is really a hidden gem.