I have been going to the original location in Phoenix for the past 7 years so I was excited they opened up a location in Chandler. I can't believe some yelpers commented on the decor. This isn't, and never has been, a place you are going to bring your date to and order a bottle of wine at the table. It also isn't a place you are going to ask for the "low fat, low calorie" dish. Chino's is a fast food place with folding tables, no servers, your meal comes in a tin throwaway plate, plastic silverware, and plastic cups. You go for the food, which combines Mexican and Chinese flavors for an incredible taste! It may not sound like it would be good, but it is and it's worth checking out. 

Good points: 
The combination of Mexican and Chinese dishes is incredible to say the least! 
If it is your first time at Chino's, you can ask to sample the dishes for free. I highly recommend this so you won't be surprised on what you order. 
You always receive a free Snicker doodle (always freshly baked that day) cookie or a Volcano (chocolate fudge cookie on weekends). 
You can create your own meal with a lot of different dishes rather than just ordering one dish. 

Bad points: 
Only a few; the Chandler location is somewhat hard to find if you have never been there. It's tucked back in behind the Walgreens. Not that big of a deal as long as you know where you are going. 
It can be a bit confusing when ordering (you fill out a small form) but just ask for help when you get there. 

The dish I always order is the following: Hengrenade Chicken (go with the Pollo Diablo if you are looking for some kick) in a homemade quesadilla, a side of Jade Red Chicken (my favorite and most popular), a side of black beans (they blend the beans with other flavors in a soupy consistency, so don't expect anything different, and these are VERY good.) with Jerk Fried Rice. This is all around $10 with a drink and will fill you up, especially with the free cookie. 

This is one of my favorite places to eat for a good, gut busting meal. Give the stone Mexican panda in the restaurant a little touch for good luck.