I was here for the second meet up of the International Supper Club UYE. I thought that the first meet up was going to be hard to beat because it was so good but this place knocked another one out of the park. I think I just found my new favorite Mexican food place in town.
From the outside it looks like a hodge podge of different additions obviously added at different times with no thought at trying to make it match at all. Even the parking lot was a little crazy. Walking in the two front doors continues the hodge podge theme. This is a family owned restaurant that has been here awhile for sure. We sat in the front waiting area for the rest of the group to show up and I had to use the bathroom really quick. Those were also scary. Questions started to arise about this place. I hope the food is good. We waited a little while longer and they decided to seat us even though our whole party wasn't there. Then we walk in to the main dinning are. Now obviously at some point they gutted the entire inside and completely remodeled it. It was very nice. It was a large open space with an exposed ceiling and lots of tables. We were taken to a back section where several tables had been pushed together for us. Maria our server came over and chips and salsa were on the table immediately. She did a great job the entire night. Best services I have had in awhile. She took everyone's drink orders and drinks started to come out a few at a time. Once everyone was there and ready to order she went around the table and took everyone's order. Offering suggestions and helping with custom orders.
After what seemed like only a few minutes. Dishes started to come out as well. One or two here then a few more over there. Finally everybody had what they ordered and it all looked and smelled really good.
Then fork went to mouth and somewhere a chorus started singing. Wow this was really good. I had ordered a Carne Asada steak with a cheese enchilada. I couldn't pronounce what it was called when I ordered it and I won't even attempt it here. It really was some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. The steak had a great flavor to it and with all of the cheese and sauce and everything it just added to it. I couldn't even finish. Although there wasn't too much left.
Even after that I still had to try some dessert especially after I saw churros and ice cream on the menu. This was not a mistake. It was so good. The ice cream was fantastic and the churros were warm and soft.
Everything was amazing. Maria was a great server. The company was fantastic as usual. Maria even split the check up for us even though there was a handwritten sign up front that said they didn't do that.
I hope to have many return visits here. My new favorite Mexican place hands down.