My first time here with my girl and I've gotta say, I have not been truly satisfied with a Mexican restaurant since I've been introduced to real authentic Mexican food at my friends places as I was growing up. This place most definitely brought back memories! 

To start off, anybody who's been here will know how amazing their salsa is. It's not extremely spicy and some people will judge by that but what I look for in a good salsa are the undertones and richness in flavor. IT'S GOOD. Normally when you come to a restaurant like this, you get chips with your salsa. I love that they bring out these warm, flaky, crispy, lightly salted and fried tortillas. Just a tasty little treat before we even ordered. 

The Horchata tastes great! As I've said, it's hard to please me when it comes to restaurants because people like to take shortcuts and make close to real Horchata. It is a very simple drink but you have to get it right. Here it just has the right amount of sweetness, (making up words now) cinnamony and milky taste.

Already impressed with the pre game they have going on here so I was ready to order. We started off with the Fiesta Plate appetizer and it was awesome. It had quesadillas, nachos, chicken taquitos and chicken strips. Ok so the fried chicken strips are a little out there in authenticity but they tastes good. Everything on this platter was good but I really enjoyed the taquitos! So bomb with the lettuce, beans, sour cream and guac that came with it. My girl and I shared this plate and were already pretty full so it's a good sized plate. I'd say it's great for couples or groups of 3-4. 

So if you really know, burritos are not an authentic Mexican dish. Just throwin that out there! But the way this Enchilada style / wet burrito came out tasted just the way my friends mothers would make them. The plate came garnished with sour cream, guacamole and lettuce. The burrito sat there in a glorious pool of red sauce and melted cheese. Long story short, it was perfecto. Once you undress this little beauty you find this moist rice, beans and well seasoned asada steak. 

Leaving this place stuffed for a great price. Plus the service was awesome. Hittin this spot with 5 stars. I'm widdit.