Already a fan of the location on East Tropicana, I was excited when Tia Shirley B. informed me that a new Taco y Taco would be opening in this part of Henderson, close to where I work, work out often, and have many friends who live in the area (including Shirley B.).  A friend and I headed here last Saturday after a long training ride, ready to get our taco on.
     Just after opening at 11:00am, we walked in to find a spacious restaurant complete with bright lighting, high ceilings, a bar, and staff that greeted us heartily; this used to be the Republic Kitchen & Bar restaurant, so it may be the nicest taco place I've visited. I was quite surprised to see a DJ mixing tunes at that time of day, but not a bad thing. There were a couple of other customers already eating and the place got progressively busier during our visit.
      Set up like the other location, there are stations where you can order tacos, burritos, quesadillas, bowls, elote (corn on the cob), fries, nachos, mulas, and vampiros.
     Meat choices: al pastor, asada, pollo, tripas, carnitas, cesos, cabeza, lengua, trompa, suadero, buche, and chorizo.  Vegetarians have an option of soy chorizo and panela (pasteurized cheese).   There's a salsa bar with lots of options for you to add to your order.
    I had two al pastor tacos with pineapple, a carnitas vampiro (two crispy tortillas with the meat and cheese inside), and Mexican street corn on the cob (elote) with the works (mayo, cheese, and chili powder)--I was hungry one minute and then full the next.  My friend had never been to Taco y Taco before and he gobbled up his food before I finished.   
   This Taco y Taco gets five stars from me for the location, the tasty food, and the service; I'll definitely be here a lot.  BTW, for those fellow Yeeps who've been missing Tia Shirley B. while she's been off Yelp, she's been here almost every day since they opened so you may see her when you visit!  Buen provecho, mis amigos--la vida es demasiada corta para ser descontento o comer comida mala.