So my best friend and I went here since we heard this place is amazing..and wow, I  was not disappointed. There was a 15 minute wait so we went to the bar to have a drink. The bartender, I forgot her name, was attentive and friendly, we gave her a great tip. What surprised us is that once we sat down at our table, she came up to us and thanked us for it, I was very shocked and impressed (if you ever have her as the bartender, make sure you tip her well, she is awesome! I just wish I remembered her name...). Anyways, the chips and salsa were brought out with drinks after oh I don't know.. a minute after we sat down? Dang can I say exceptional service? The salsa was for me, something new, I liked it a lot.

On to the entree... I could not decide between the Stacked Enchiladas or the Enchantment.  I ended up just asking the server to surprise me,  I could tell he was a little 'wait what?' towards me, but hey, I am so indecisive..especially when I am starving. I ended up having the Enchantment and oh my gosh, it was SO GOOD. It was soo much food and the red sauce was a bit spicy, but it was the perfect amount of spice. I am also not a huge fan of chicken in enchiladas, but wow..it was tender and moist, not dry at all!  The steak was cooked perfectly and for me, I was blown away. Most places I go to, their steak is ehhhh...the only other places I have been impressed by steak would be The Keg and Orange Sky ha. Anyways, it also came with green chile mashed potatoes (pretty spicy, and as much as I wanted to eat it.. I passed, but VERY good, just wasn't in the mood for more spicy food ha). The vegetables were amazing as well, cooked perfectly!

Oh and I can't forget the shrimp, it was on top of the steak with this yummy cream sauce that I can't remember what it was..maybe hollandaise? I don't know. Either way, both the shrimp and the sauce were freaking good, especially with the steak. Lastly, my friend ended up getting the Garden Enchiladas..she liked it a lot, but that's about it..didn't say anything much about them.

At the end of the meal, I was completely satisfied, even though I felt fat for like 3 hours.. and I just laid on the couch at home. So worth it though haha.

GET THE ENCHANTMENT! :)