This place is real Mexican food with a 2014 healthy twist.  They just opened their doors on July 19 and open 24 hours...Yum! 

Location: Yelp reviewers were right about sharing the parking lot with a strip club but I hope folks don't let that stop them from coming here with their kids and families.  I went with my husband and 16-year-old son.  There's also plenty of parking.

Ambience:  Tastefully decorated.  Large booths and tables. 
Also has a large bar and the drinks are perfectly made to compliment the food. I ordered a margarita. 

Service: Alessandro was our waiter.  He is very attentive, friendly but professional.  He made us feel like we were family.  I loved that the other waiters would check on us, too.  I hate going to a place and the only person servicing your table is your waiter.  It felt like everyone is looking out for each other and most of all the customers. 

Food: Let's start with the chips and 3 amazing fresh made salas - mild, medium and HOT!  I loved them all but the hot just exploded with flavor.  We were told about the fresh made juices and I was torn between ordering the margarita or the juice.  To my surprise, one of the waiters came out with a small sample of the pineapple juice and it was superb.  What a treat.  My husband and I shared steak and chicken fajitas which were perfectly seasoned and tender.  The portion was great for sharing.  My son had the breakfast chorizo burrito which comes with fresh potato slices.   He said it exceeded his expectations and wasn't planning on sharing any of it.  He devoured it all.  

Dessert: My son got the tres leches cake. It was moist but not soggy.  Chef Paco treated my husband and I to a sample of the flan.  It has sweet and had 4 distinct flavors.  We typical don't order dessert and I recommend that you not pass up dessert because you have got to try either of these.

Chef Paco: He is down to earth and his food is inspired by the recipes that his mother and grandmother taught him. 

We were lucky to find this gem and look forward to returning soon and exploring more items on the menu.