I've heard about this place for years and after reading reviews on here I just HAD to go. Everything about the place exceeded my expectations which is why I'm happy to give Chino Bandito 5 stars.

Moments after we walked in, a woman behind the counter asked if it was our first time there. She then began giving us samples of their most popular dishes and explaining each one. I already had in mind what I wanted to try from reading reviews but I really appreciated getting to try a few things I hadn't planned on ordering. She then explained the ordering process which is a little tricky so pay attention! Two combo meals and two beers came out to $24. Now that's one hell of a deal!

After taking a seat in the dining area our food arrived within 5 minutes. Good golly, they do NOT skimp on portions, you get what you pay for and then some. I ordered the jade chicken in a quesodilla, chili relleno, jerk fried rice and the black beans. My boyfriend ordered the jade chicken, jerk chicken in a quesodilla, jerk fried rice and the black beans. The jade chicken was sooo good and even better in a quesodilla. The chili relleno was covered in bits of fried wontons. Cutting it open let loose an oozing river of melted cheese. The chili, cheese and wontons were beyond delicious - soft, gooey, crunchy. The jerk fried rice was super tasty and was a great compliment to everything on the plate... or rather, metal take out container. Then came the black beans. Let me tell you, I don't even like beans and I could not stop eating these beans! They have a slightly sweet taste that I couldn't get enough of. My boyfriend's jerk chicken quesodilla was also fantastic.

This is definitely a neighborhood place. Throughout our meal kids were running around with a blow-up Spider Man doll while their parents enjoyed football on the TVs in the dining room. I was in such food heaven that the kids' ruckus, which normally would have annoyed me to no end, didn't even phase me. It was all part of the atmosphere. I also want to address a review that said the restaurant was "filthy". Certainly this was no fine dining establishment but it was by no means filthy, I wouldn't even call it dirty. My table was clean, my shoes didn't stick to the floor and there wasn't garbage strewn about. Oh and my tummy was just fine after eating their wonderful food.

And the cookies! How could I forget? They had snickerdoodle and oatmeal raisin so we got both. The snickerdoodle was everything a snickerdoodle should be - soft, sweet and cinnamony - totally delicious. The oatmeal raisin was pretty good, not my favorite though.

This is a definite must try place. The flavor combinations are fantastic and you'll be surprised how good Mexican/Asian/Caribbean food blends together.