Just when I thought that I'd ran out of superlatives to describe the Border Grill, they find a way to up their game even more!  Seated outside on the lower level, I was thrilled to have Diane as my server once again.  

As she did last time around, Diane brought out a steady stream of mimosas (I asked her to "surprise me" every round -- and was never disappointed) and absolutely delicious small plates, accompanied by her infectious laugh and amazing personal service.  As just one of many examples, she tuned in the Indiana-Michigan game on the bar TV so that I could catch the hoops action (and check on my sports bets) between swigs of mimosas and bites of unforgettable dishes  Thanks (again) Diane!

I was also introduced to manager Andrew and he was warm and welcoming -- which is pretty much par for the course for everyone I meet at BG.

Speaking of managers, Melanie was there -- and she greeted me with a hug and a huge smile.  I was tickled pink to see her again.

I would be remiss if I didn't mention bartender Chris.  Not only did he create a delicious pomegranate mimosa, but he also rooted for Indiana as I watched them defeat (but sadly, not cover the spread) Michigan.  That was fun!

It was a great morning that spread well into the afternoon (at BG, there's absolutely zero pressure to leave.  In fact, they encourage you to while away the hours sipping and savoring while enjoying the music and the views of Mandalay Beach).

But the best part of all:  When I asked Diane what Chef Jamaal's special was for the day, she told me it was some sort of cake (I can't remember the exact name).  I told Diane I wasn't much for sweets, so took a pass on the special.  But that's not the end of the story:  Diane told Melanie about my "disappointment" about the special -- and they got together with Chef Jamaal, who whipped up a new special -- Texas Redfish ceviche tacos -- just for me!  My, oh my, were those tacos amazingly delicious! Signed, sealed, delivered -- food coma!

Said it before.  Say it again:  I'll be BACK!!!!