I want to just say WOW and leave it at that, but i'll go into a bit of detail.

My boyfriend celebrated his birthday last week and was agonizing over whether or not to go to Casa Rasta. He was afraid that his Pittsburghese parents would either be a.)underwhelmed by the decor of the place (we were unaware that they had moved a few doors down at first) or b.)overwhelmed by the type of food and the corresponding spiciness.
It was a nice surprise when we arrived and the new location was more spacious and aesthetically pleasing than the last, so we were saved there. Decor is fun, with art from local artists on the walls for sale. Casa Rasta is BYOB; we luckily remembered to bring a bottle, for which the cork fee was $4 if I recall correctly.
Onto the food.
Two in our party got fish tacos (which I of course mooched), they were certifiably delicious, and spicy. I ordered jerk chicken tacos which were great, especially with the mango chunks and cool drizzle of avocado crema on them. Spicy too, of course. Boyfriend got chicken flautas, I did not try them but he demolished the plate in no time. The guacamole served with it was on par though, a good sign for a restaurant that serves such. Servings are perfectly sized, fyi. I don't recall what my S.O.'s mother got, but his dad got jambalaya. It is made with habanero and there's no adjusting the heat. His dad was dying of spiciness, but managed to clean up pretty well. That's where my drunk self came in: I finished the plate of jambalaya up for him. My mouth was on fire but I couldn't stop taking bites of it. A+ on that dish. We also ordered chocolate truffles for dessert (yum!) and cheesecake. The cheesecake is made at the restaurant and we all agreed that it was probably the best cheesecake we'd ever had. It was so fluffy and soft, I could have used it as a pillow. Just kidding, or am I?

Next time I would like to try the ezquites, chile rellenos, and seviche. Overall, a nice variety on the menu (with some yummy lookin' vegan options!) and the prices are very reasonable.