The tacos here are magnificent. But before we get started with the big review, some quick tips.

1. The meats are divided into sections with INDIVIDUAL lines!

2. There are two locations for Tacos El Gordo, the second one being near the Encore.

3. This locations prices are a little bit better, but if you're driving from the strip, it's probably more worth it to go to the first location.

4. Try the Adobada tacos, their carne asada tacos are equally good too!

5. For the Adobada tacos, everything means all the fixings EXCEPT for the pineapple! Ask the guy making them for a tiny slice of tacos.

6. The fries come in three flavors: campenchana, adobada, or ANY meat. Don't be fooled that the sign says adobada or campenchana only.

7. The fries come in half/full size, a half size is more than enough for two people to share and just right for three to sample!

8. Plenty of parking! Two entrances!

After discovering Tacos El Gordo on our second trip to Vegas, we have gone back every single time to eat at their fine establishment. There are MANY meats to choose from, but by far our favorite is the adobada. My personal one that I really like is the carne asada.

What truly sets apart Tacos El Gordo is that they grill up/fry up their meat right in front of you. You can watch them cooking up your stuff and making the tacos. Another thing that I really enjoy is the great service. Every single time we've been there, they've always been really nice to me and my girlfriend. I think it might because they see us as Asians in a Mexican joint who have no idea what's going on. But beyond that, the place is really clean. They wipe down tables after people are done and the cleaning ladies usually offer to take our trays for us when we're still sitting down and finished.

The last thing is the price. For Vegas, this place is a steal. We usually get somewhere from 6 tacos, a drink, and a half order of adobada fries for $20.

Awesome food, awesome service, awesome price! What more could you want?!