Holy mole! There are few things I am too lazy to try to make for myself at home, but mole is one of them.  A good, traditional mole sauce has more ingredients than my attention span can handle and the fake stuff that comes out of a jar (or that is served at any of Pittsburgh's other "Mexican" restaurants) just doesn't make the cut.  Imagine my excitement when I got to Casa Reyna and saw that the menu not only includes a traditional chicken mole, but a total of FOUR different moles all wrapped up into one beautiful sampler dish.  I wish I remembered what they all were, I know in addition to the chicken there was a mole verde with tomatillos and poblanos served with the most succulent pork ever, a beef with some kind of red mole, and a fourth that really could have been made of anything (I really have no idea) but I do know I would eat spoonfuls of it.

In addition to my obsession with this sauce, I loved everything about Casa Reyna.  It was like the stairs took you through some magical tunnel and transported you right to a cantina in the middle of Mexico.  I loved the ambiance and decor, our waitress was fabulous, and I didn't even mind the thirty or so pictures of Frida Kahlo staring at me while I ate. 

Our table started with a salsa sampler.  I always say you can tell how good a restaurant is going to be by the bread (or in this case chips) and accompaniments you get at the beginning of the meal.  Casa Reyna was off to a great start with crispy, warm, non-greasy chips and four amazing salsas.  Obviously, I LOVED my entree (see above if you've forgotten) and everyone at the table cleaned their plates and filled their bellies.

Another huge plus is that even though Casa Renya is in the Strip, they have- wait for it- NORMAL RESTAURANT OPERATING HOURS. I know I shouldn't be so excited about this, but I was worried they would follow the trend of everywhere else I love to eat in the Strip and cater to the daytime working crowd, forcing me to take personal days from work just to indulge in an authentic Mexican eating experience.  Now I can eat here any time I want, and plan to take advantage of that frequently!