Let me start off by saying that as with any place, there will always be opinions on both positive and negative sides.  I think that each person should always keep in mind that one single visit to a certain place does not always warrant a review, hence the reason I always choose to try a place more then once before writing a review.

Having said that, here is my review.

Decor:

This place is a beautiful mix of lights and mirrors, that bring about an atmosphere of intimacy and chic splendor.  The lamps are absolutely beautiful, dangling from the ceiling giving you a feeling that they're almost floating.  The mirrors around the room help make the room even more cozy by providing reflecting light and the ability to see around the room as well.  It provides ample seating, with areas for socializing, dining or having an intimate dining experience for you and a loved one!

Service:

The hosts/ess are all courteous and well mannered.  I've always been promptly seated, and on nights that I know are busy (Lunch, Weekend Dinners), I've been smart enough to make a reservation, and have always had my table ready by the time I arrived!  The servers are very knowledgeable about the food their restaurant carries, and are always willing to provide ample information or asked for opinion.  

Finally the Food...................

Where to start!  When I say that the food is phenomenal, I feel as if it doesn't do the food justice!  I think I've just about tried every plate on the menu (to include seasonal items), and let me just say that Robert (the Chef) is incredible.  He's able to capture such amazing flavors in his food, and bring about an explosive delight that just leaves you mesmerized in tantalizing flavor.

The tamales, are made to perfection, being moist and firm, while still providing a softness and deliciousness that rivals even my mothers kitchen!

The tacitos (app menu), while not huge are just the right amount for two people to share (as are most their apps), and are accompanied by a delightful mix of onion and lettuce with a lime spritz on the side.

The queso flameado is a flavorful concoction that is not overly spicy and just the right mix of cheese and spice!

The steak is made to perfection (to a persons choosing of course), and when I say nothing compares to this dish, I seriously mean it.

These are just some of my favorites, I could seriously go on about each one for days, but in order to avoid getting blisters on my fingers from all this typing, i recommend you try this place out and see for yourself!

Lastly Pricing:

This place can obviously cost a pretty penny if you're going in with the intent of ordering a lot of dishes, however, for those thrifty eaters, you can definitely find a variety of affordable items, that will not only provide you with a decent amount of food, but also an amazing dining experience.

NOTE:  If you like alcohol, by all means try any of the house specials and be prepared for an extraordinary drink!