We are new to Las Vegas from Northern California, where we were spoiled with good quality Mexican food. Again we turned to Yelp for local guidance, and found Viva Zapatas with high marks.
  The location is a good 12-15 min drive from our Aliante home . Not keen or impressed with the area of this location, we almost had second thoughts...
 (We are sure glad we didn't pass up this restaurant.)

  Parking is limited (2) stars, as we entered there was a nice feel and layout. The whole restaurant was nicely decorated for Christmas (classy, not tacky). There was a gentleman on a stool playing live music and singing which added a nice touch.
   It was Saturday night at 6 pm, we did not have to wait for a table and were seated immediately, the host was friendly and attentive. We were sat in a booth right next to the VERY busy kitchen door (1) Star, I was not pleased, and could tell this was going to be a very loud, busy spot. The table was clean, neatly set as we were handed the menus. The menu is very well put together, many quality selections. I had a very difficult time reading the menu as the interior lighting was very low. It created a very pleasing ambiance, however tough to read the menu. ( This is where the kitchen door constantly opening allowing the bright florescent light to shine onto my menu was actually handy).
  We searched for a drink menu, hoping for quality specialty margaritas but did not find such items listed on the menu. Our server arrived table side quickly to take our drink order, and was able to recommend a few margaritas that sounded good. I ordered the house Cadillac Margarita on the rocks w/ salt (large) and the wife ordered a Mango margarita blended.
  We had time to review the menu and make our selections, however very tough to do so. The menu is packed with amazingly described selections. I settled in on the steak fajitas (rare) and anyone who loves their meat rare knows that finding a good Mexican restaurant that will honor that request, and deliver is few and very far between, its my little test on the quality of service. My wife ordered the chicken mole, and we ordered a Tamale for the table.
  Our drinks arrived, my large margarita did not let me down in size. The taste on the other hand was average, nothing special. I found myself a bit disappointed having expected a place like this to have fresh hand squeezed lime juice sweetened with a simple syrup for there mixture. This obviously was a store bought margarita mix. My wife's was tasty, but again a store bough mango mix and margarita blend used. Drinks right down the middle (2.5).
  The chips, salsa, and re-fried beans provided were wonderful. Chips were warm, the salsa was hand made with quality ingredients, and the beans were also well seasoned and hand made. 
  Our entrees arrived with an average wait, the timing was perfect. The plate presentation and appearance was wonderful, the food looked amazing. The portions were very big, and looked like each plate was prepared with care. A nice added bonus we did not expect or order was a home made soup offered with dinner, small 6 to 8 oz portion of soup. I would describe it as a cross between a home made tomato soup and chicken soup. The flavor was very good, someone who knows what they are doing back there took time making this broth. Very flavorful and light.
 
  Chicken Mole: The Mole sauce was very good, not as heavy and bold as expected, but certainly not a bad Mole by any means. The star of the dish was the two pounded boneless chicken breasts. Again I expected a over cooked dry chicken saved by a rich Mole sauce to cover. Not here, this chicken was amazingly moist and juicy. Rich flavor, and i highly suspect they brine the breast. It was perfectly cooked (5+) stars.

  Steak Fajitas: The plate looked amazing, smelled wonderful and was sizzling at the table. The meat looked plump and not over cooked. The flour tortillas were hand made in the restaurant, warm and amazing. I took a piece of meat to test, and it was PERFECTLY cooked rare with great flavor and well seasoned. I have never been a guacamole fan, my wife gives me so much grief. I have never eaten guac in a restaurant with any meal. The way this was going, I had to try theirs. WOW, very tasty, properly seasoned and balanced with cilantro, onion, lime, and tomato. I actually used it on my Fajita roll.

  Tamale: A very tasty and well balanced Tamale. The flavor was very good. The masa to meat portion was perfect, 

  In closing, this by far is some of the best tasting Mexican food I have had, and we have had some great Mexican in Northern California. We have found our spot when the desire for Mexican comes knocking. Great food and restaurant. The service is top notch. Even though we had some things we did not enjoy, I have to give this restaurant (5) stars for service and food. Great job, and we will be back very soon.

Food - (5) Star
Location - (3) Star
Parking - (2) Star
Service - (5) Star
Ambiance - (4.5) st