Now, this was a pleasant surprise!

I've driven by this taco place a thousand times and never once did I think I would try them.  "Yeah, yeah, yeah.  One of them places", I told myself when I saw it the first time.  

Rewind few months back:  A friend mentioned about going on a social lunch at Los Tacos on Charleston but it never materialized.  There was never a follow up so it died a natural death.

Forward to July 11, 2014:  I forgot my lunch at home so I had to eat out.  I didn't have breakfast so I was beyond starvation and  I decided to hit  the very first restaurant or fastfood I would see on my way out, good or bad, costly or cheap.  As I was heading towards Sahara from CSN on Las Verdes, the blue Los Tacos sign was so bright and vibrant in the Las Vegas sun and was the first food place I saw. 

I walked in to a packed and somewhat loud restaurant with the aroma of the grilled meat welcoming me in.  There was a long line of people waiting to order, and waiting for their orders.  As I stood in line, I was trying to figure out how to order and what to order.  The people ahead of me looked like they're all returning customers because the line moved so fast and the people knew what to get while I was still looking around, like a  true green neophyte, and checking out what the people who were already seated were eating.  Before I knew it, I was in front of the cashier who greeted me with a friendly smile.  He handed me small servings of lengua and red sauce for me to try and me liked it.  I ordered a lengua taco and carne asada taco sin frijoles.  I don't know if it was the missed breakfast and starvation, but boy, they were good.  So, I went back in line and ordered Al Pastor Burrito and salsa/chips.  Suffice to say, they satisfied me to a T, and I was a happy camper.  

The lengua was seasoned and cooked just right and didn't have that weird "it's not really meat" aftertaste.  It was proportionately topped with chopped cebollas and cilantro.  And with their homemade salsa verde, it sure was a winner!  

Granted the price here is a bit higher than most, if not all, taco places BUT darn, its all worth it.  I've tried Tacos El Gordo when it was still on the strip.  They're cheaper (but not by much) and very good too but their servings would make you cry and scream at the men behind their counter for more.  I could easily chow down 6 El Gordo tacos even if i wasn't hungry, and still looked famish.  So, if you do the "serving portion to cost" ratio, it will end up pretty much the same, except Los Tacos will fill (and satisfy) you.  'nuff said.  

Disclaimer:  My review was not, in any way, shape or form, influenced by the free shirt given to me by the cashier.  I swear!