There's a good reason this place has a solid 4 1/2 star rating.  For food and service as good as this place offers, it not having a glowing 5 star review baffles me.  I especially don't understand any rating drop for aesthetics, the dining area is small and utilitarian, but it's clean and feels surprisingly comfortable.

First and foremost, the guy who manned the register the two times I've visited, which I believe is the owner or part owner evokes images of Paul Bunyan, minus his giant blue ox.  The guy is huge and bearded, but he's one of the most personable and caring people in food service I've ever had the pleasure of interacting with.  You can sense that he genuinely cares and enjoys the company of his customers which immediately invokes the warm-fuzzies.  He'll make suggestions to help you build the most amazing Mexican meal you've ever had.  Trust his direction and you cannot go wrong.

Personal anecdote time:  Today I ordered a spicy burrito.  I wanted it pretty spicy, but not quite as spicy as what I was presented with.  I still managed to wolf down more than half of the burrito and even with the excessive amount of heat, it still tasted amazing.  Eventually it wore me down so I threw in the towel and moved on to the less spicy fare.  In the end I threw out maybe 1/4 of a burrito, if not less.  After I finished eating, I stopped over at the head shop adjacent to his building and get this, the owner ran over after me, slipped me a five, and ran off.  He gave me a refund on a burrito I all but finished eating.  Nearly brought a tear to my eye.

Moving on to the food, I don't think I can write anything that will do it justice.  I'm just not that good of a writer.  Simply put, I've never had Mexican that tasted as good as this.  The concoction the meats are marinaded in is otherwordly.  The tortillas are heavenly.  I'm at a loss for words when trying to describe the food.  I know this seems like hyperbole, but dammit, the food DEMANDS hyperbole in trying to describe it.  Experience it, and love it.