What do you get when you mate the land of Starcraft with the country of donkey shows?  You get KoMex.  Don't let this Korean and Mexican fused restaurant fool you with its weird fusion of ingredients.  KoMex will make you fall in love with it and will make you put a ring on it.

We arrived about a half hour when it opened and there were people sitting at tables.  Fortunately, we were able to get a table for 6 with the quickness.  We sat down and admired the paintings on the wall:  people with the mixture of Korean and Mexican features.  Oh, it didn't stop at the paintings, it was also on the menu.  

We opened up the menu and explored it....hard.  Damn, everything sounded good.  Burritos, tacos, fries, rice platters, you name it they got it.  We decided we were going to order about 2-3 plates each because everyone on Yelp were saying this place was awesome.  

The waitress was super cool-- big smile on her face, cracked jokes with us, made fun of us, and overall, made us feel like family.  As she wrote down our orders I know she was thinking to herself ," Man, these guys are high."  Haha......maybe...just kidding.  Crack is whack!  D.A.R.E.!

I ordered 2 fusion steak tacos, 1 pork belly fusion taco, a half plate of fried rice, and a half plate of fusion fries.  I'm a big boy, and I need big boy food.  Let me say this-- when I got my food, the half portions looked like full meals.  Geez....I wouldn't have been surprised if my heart gave out on me that day.  

The fusion tacos were delicious, especially the pork belly.  So fatty, greasy, flavorful, but enough about me, let's talk about the fried rice.  The fried rice was something your parents made at home.  Sike.  This fried rice was way better than what your parents made.  The rice actually didn't taste stale!  I swear, most fried rice dishes you can taste the staleness of it.  But this rice, this rice was soft and delicious.  Oh, don't let me get started on the fries.  DON'T LET ME GET STARTED.  Do I really have to say something about them?  Ok.  Fries good, communism bad.

By the way, this place gave us a free full plate of pork nachos.  I don't care if they dropped it on the floor.  Shoot, if it did fall on the floor, the floor tasted just as good as the food.

KoMex, will you marry me?  Seriously, everyone must try this place out.  Let me say this-- it's wayyyyy better than Arby's.