Oh Man...  What a difference a visit makes.     Hey last time I was there they sat us on tiny litle tables by the bar...   only big enough for kids I think, but ...    they have replaced those with high tops...  Also last time we had no idea that things come out randomly...    so we ended up waiting to eat for the next plate.    Once we found out about the food timing...   we were alright to order food in a family style way.    SOoooooo   much better.      

Let me just say...     sometimes its all about the service...   last time we had no idea what to expect with food timing and the really a la carte menu (Extra $ for salsa and so on)    This time the guy who served us gave us the info...  not only that, but he also knew so much about the ingredients and so friendly.    It really makes a difference.  

 I took my wife this time along with my In Laws all the way from Australia who really havent eaten too much Mexican food....   They LOVED IT...    Father in Law  "I want to lick the plate".     I think that was a resounding and solid Thumbs up. 

So lets talk about what was on the plate.    Guacamole with bacon....    Holy baby god!!!!!!    Soooooooo   Good!

Baja fish Tacos....    Ok...   Let me just say that I have been looking for a good fish taco since my favorite from a place I want to in Tampa years ago...      Listen....     Hands down the ones here at Mercadito were The Best!   Careful though...  they do have a real bite to them...      Spicy...  I love spicy but if you are sensitive...  Look Out.   

Listen...   We got 3 different types of Tacos to share with the table (share with the table...   Sharing is caring) and I could tell you what I liked...   But im not going to...   I liked it all...  and where thats concerned...   you will have your favorites...   Mine are the fish tacos....     Man I wish I was still hungry...     I'd go back for more.  

We also ended with dessert...  chocolate cake and flan...    I know it seems weird from me to have such a turn around, but I can't stress enough how much better this visit was.  Everyone loved it..   Wife...   In-Laws....   everyone  

I'm looking forward to coming back.

FYI     Our servers name i believe was Bryant...    Nice work man....   Really Nice work