Many have waxed poetic about the splendor of burritos.   Statues have been erected in their honor as a token of appreciation to their flexibility of ingredients, their filling nature, and, of course, their deliciousness.  Wait, there aren't really burrito statues across the world?  We should get on that.  As a result of the existence of this amazing food invention, you trek to your local Chipotle once a week for lunch and gorge yourself silly while pointing and laughing at those across the street at Taco Bell.

Well what if I told you that there existed a place in Las Vegas that went above and beyond what you get when you visit Chipotle, Robertos, or heaven forbid Taco Bell for your burrito needs?  THIS IS THE BEST BURRITO IN LAS VEGAS   Full disclosure:  there are probably 120 other burritos I have yet to try here, but I'm not above hyperbole for my reviews.

Yes, the place is way too small and seats are way too closely spaced for their own good.   We sat in the last table for 4 available on a Friday evening and I had to eat my entire meal as if I were in a straitjacket.   I didn't care.   I ordered a Pork Verde Carlito's Burrito smothered with Green Chile and some Jalapenos on top.   You know that cliche from movies and TV shows where people eat something delicious and are constantly going "Mmmmm" and exclaiming how good what they're eating is?   I became that cliche.  The pork was incredibly tender and flavorful, and the flavor of the green chile smothering it will make it hard for me to ever eat another dry burrito again.   This is not a small portion either.  For $7.25 I thought the amount of amazing burrito I received was worth it's weight in gold.   Here's the kicker:  I was still hungry afterwards.   Not hungry in the sense of "that 3 lbs of pork and chile and tortilla has left my stomach empty", but hungry in the "I want to eat every single thing on this menu right now"    Everyone at my table seemed happy, though my friend who got the Frito Pie may have exploded before he made it home as none of us have ever heard from him again (kidding)

For drinks we got some margaritas to start which I found to be very weak.  Very syrupy and not enough tequila for my liking, but for $3.00 I kind of expected that.   Then I braved a Michelada because I'd never had one before and I'll try anything once.   Never again, but I was glad I tried it.   On my third choice I settled for Modelo on draft and like Goldilocks, it was juuuuust right.  

Cramped, too crowded, too chaotic, bad margaritas?   Check, check, check, check.   5 stars just for the burrito?   Yup.   Let the first burrito statue we erect in Vegas bear the name of Carlos.