I've driven by this place a bunch of times and always resolved to try it, but didn't get the chance until yesterday.  I actually checked its reviews on Yelp which helped solidify my decision to check it out after a long and painful meeting at my credit union.

Anyway, I got the chicken curry burrito and a fish taco, and my girlfriend got two veggie tacos and an order of fried plaintains.  I got a normal fountain drink and she got horchata which I took a sip of and it was quite tasty.

My burrito was excellent.  They have a ton of options to add, so I tried pickled red onions, hot salsa, shredded cheese, iceberg lettuce, and diced hot peppers (not sure which kind of pepper, coloring seemed like a mix of jalapenos and Thai chiles) to go along with the curry chicken, black beans, and (delicious) seasoned rice that came standard.  On the fish taco I got some more of the diced hot peppers, raw red onion, hot salsa, corn, and diced cucumber.

Both the burrito and the taco were delicious.  I was shocked that I actually even preferred the taco, which surprised me because it contained tilapia, which is a relatively bland fish, but everything else I added worked perfectly with the well-cooked, tender fish.  The burrito was also excellent but I ate the taco first and had a hard time finishing it because it's very large - think Qdoba-sized.  I really appreciated how they briefly pressed it in the tortilla steamer which helped keep it coherent and added a slight bit of crispness.

Their prices are very reasonable and we will certainly be back.  The only thing that detracted from the experience (but not so much as to knock it down from a 5-star rating) was the ordering process, which was a bit chaotic as they had two line workers handing off between helping us and preparing takeout orders so it could be a little confusing at times.  The gentleman working the register was very courteous and warmly greeted everyone who walked through the door.  Overall it was fantastic and I can't wait to get back.