We visited Maverick Rock Taco this past Saturday night for the time, and it was a fantastic experience!  We were offered a seat in either the bar area in the front or the dining area in the back.  Although it would be nice if the two were adjoining vs. being separated by the kitchen, bathrooms, etc., it does give dining room patrons the opportunity to enjoy their dinners without interference of sports on the TVs in the bar area.  Noticing it was a bit loud in the bar area, we opted for the dining room.  

Coronas and Corona Lights were on sale for $2, so we each got one of those.  They surprisingly came out in cans!  I've honestly never seen Corona in a can!  No worries.  For $2, I'm not going to be picky, and I still got a lime with it. :)  

The menu isn't huge, but they have some pretty awesome selections, both for appetizers and taco choices.   I'd put them on par with Cabo Fish Taco in NODA.  You could either go with a few apps to share or get "street" tacos.  I couldn't decide which two street tacos to get, so I opted for some that I usually can't find at other restaurants:  calamari and chorizo.  There are many more that I'd love to try, though.  

So for about $10, I get two street tacos, a side, and free chips and salsa.  And, let me tell you, the salsa is one of THE BEST I've ever tasted.  The tomatoes are chargrilled, giving it an incredible flavor.  The only comparable salsa I've had has been at the Mexican chain restaurant Chevy's.  They chargrill theirs too.  I could eat buckets of it.  Don't settle for wimpy salsa!  

The calamari was a bit tough and chewy and probably could have used some spices, but it was still tasty, and there was plenty on the taco.  The chorizo was great, too.  As my side, I selected their unique Spicy Cilantro Lime Fries.  They had a different (good different) flavor, but weren't truly "spicy," just flavored.  I liked them a lot, but I'd probably try one of their other unique side item choices next time.  

We'll definitely be back.  The taste of the food and varied taco selections offered were a solid five stars.  The atmosphere could be better, but I'll let it go because their salsa rocks! (Possibly even maverick rocks?)