So, my boyfriend and I were visiting some of his friends in Phoenix for Thanksgiving.  On the way I kept wondering to myself if there was any New Mexican food in Phoenix.  I lived in New Mexico for 9 years, and honestly, I've yet to find anything to compare to it.  I really miss the food, especially since most of the Mexican food in California is ridiculously bland.

So here it was Thanksgiving.  I'm getting ridiculously drunk, and I start asking some people if there was any New Mexican food around.  Luckily, some people there had been to Richardson's and they told me about it, and they also told me that they had an amazing brunch.

Well, we didn't make it for brunch.  But we did make it for dinner on Saturday night.  Me and three Brits.  Now they all love their curry, but curry heat and chile heat are too completely different things.  I was so psyched.  I really hoped that the food was comparable to the food I was used to.

The first thing I noticed was the price.  It seemed a bit spendy, but whatever, we're on vacation right?  So I ordered a combination plate that had a carne adovada burrito, a mushroom tamale, and a chile relleno.  My boyfriend ordered the steak with green chile and blue cheese (which is a strange combination in my book, but it turned out to be okay).  The other couple ordered the gumbo and a salad and posole.  We also started with a blackened scallops appetizer that was on the specials board.

Well they started with a few salads for those who got them with their meal.  They weren't terrible, but they weren't great.  I was getting a bit worried.  The scallops came out.  They were unbelievably tasty!  The appetizer was 18 bucks, but it came with six scallops, a bit of beans and rice, and a few chile sauces.  You can't get six scallops for less than 20 bucks at most seafood restaurants!  

When the main courses arrived, they looked great.  I have to say that the chile on my meal was great.  The beans and rice were tasty, and the carne adovada brought back memories from my time in New Mexico.  Phenomenal.  The steak was well cooked and tasty.  I even tried a bit of the posole, which our friend claimed was very spicy, but I thought it was perfect, not too spicy and delicious.

I would recommend this to anybody visiting Phoenix.  Seriously.  The one problem is that I now can't go there every week, and I'm back to the mediocre Mexican in California.  Kudos to you Richardson's!