We had our wedding reception in a beautiful private room overlooking the patio.  The room holds about 60 sit down, and I think up to 80 stand up. We put down an 800$ dollar deposit, with a minimum of 4,000$, add on tax and tip and round up to about 5,100. They also have a smaller room that holds about 35 people for 3000$ minimum.  

The banquet coordinator Jessica was unbelievably sweet and helpful.  She went above and beyond the call of duty. She helped me with everything.  I emailed her about a million times and talked with her at length about everything. Cake, food, rental, seating arrangements, flowers, and even suggestions of other vendors.  She helped me find rental chairs and she booked it under her business name and got me a cheaper rate. The Border Grill chairs are an orange-brownish color. I really wanted silver chairs. The rental chairs ran about 10$ dollars each, and Jessica got me her cheaper rate at about 8$ each. She also got me a speaker and microphone for about 50$ dollars cheaper. You don't really need a speaker if your best man is loud enough. Go through Jessica, she makes sure the rental's show up on time.I think she knows about getting a DJ as well.  I don't think a DJ is worth it. The Border Grill music is pipped in, the stereo system is awesome. It is kind of Jazzy, Latin music. They can also turn it off really quick when you have speeches.

I had already booked my wedding cake with another vendor for about 500$. They add a cake cutting fee, I think 2$ per person.
 FYI...she is working with the chef on wedding cakes.  I think she said they would run about 170$ for 30 people, but don't quote me on that. She had no pictures, so I went with my first option.  Talk to her about cakes, see if they updated the website with pictures.  

They have no hidden charges.  She sits with you on the phone tapping away at her calculator.  So you know exactly what things will cost.  
She helped me with my choice of entrees and changes that I wanted with adding on different types of sauces and salads.  Their "Set Menu" are very flexible, and the prices are very reasonable...for Vegas. I got about 8 appetizer platters to pass around for cocktail half hour they run anywhere from 13$ to 50$.  I had two salad choices, a champagne toast and for the entrees I had  fish, skirt steak, and enchilada's.  About 65$ per person. Everyone raved about the food. I printed my own menu's, see pictures above. I wish that I had printed a drink menu of margarita's and sangria suggestions on the back of my menu's.  I don't think people took full advantage of the full bar and they mostly got wine and beer. 

So my total cost for 55 people with the ultra lavish food, tons of appetizers, champagne toast, full open bar and amazing rental chairs ran about 9000$ dollars. You can easily go thousands less depending on your guest count, food and rental needs. I also asked Jessica to charge my card for about 1000$ a month for four months so that I did not have a crazy bill on my wedding day. Don't worry, she really only needs the deposit to hold the room.  Layaway wedding...less stress.
Also if you want to send favors, menu's and candles. Ship them to her office. She told me to send them to her, and I made the mistake of shipping all my boxes to The hotel room. Then they charged me 30$ to deliver to my room and then the hotel lost one of my boxes. Jessica walked over to the postal delivery room and talked with security and had him look through all of the boxes for me.  WOW, talk about above and beyond. Thank You. The lost box had my cake server set, thank God Jessica had a nice set to lend me.
They do provide beautiful candles in an orange striped color glass, so if your colors match that then your set for the tables.  
We had a beautiful wedding reception. It was magical. Worth every penny.