We have a new favorite Mexican restaurant... 

Rancho De Tia Rosa was packed by 6:30 on Saturday night.  We called ahead (no reservations for groups less than 10) and had to wait about 5 minutes before we were seated.

Then came the red and green salsa with chips.  At first taste, after hearing all the yelp love for this stuff, I thought it was good but didn't see the hype.  Next thing I knew I had ordered a total of three extra salas.. both red and green.  This stuff is amazing!

The red salsa was fresh and not spicy at all, but was perfect for both dipping and topping off my beef carne asada fajitas. 

The green salsa was sweet, but not too sweet and had an intoxication about it that made me continue to eat it long after I was full.

We tried the taco sampler (carnitas, beef, chicken).  All three were very good, but we were practically fighting over the carnitas and beef.  While the chicken was very good and clearly fresh, the carnitas and beef were too good to ignore.  Make sure you squeeze the lime on your carnitas.

I had the beef carne asada (mexico city fajitas) w/ roasted vegetables, rice and beans.  Everything was perfectly cooked and had a delicate roasted taste to it that put each item over the top.  It seemed literally everything was freshly cooked over an open flame by someone who clearly took pride in what they were doing.

The way they slow cook the meat for 10 hours and then grill over an open flame combines for a taste sensation that can't be missed.  The meat is among the most tender and was probably of a good cut.  You wouldn't know because it was perfectly seasoned and melted in your mouth.

My wife had the beef chimichanga which also was delicious.  The chimi was perfectly cooked fresh and not greasy.

We finished our meal off with the fried ice cream with strawberries.  This is a must try!  All the ingredients perfectly meshed together and the strawberries put it over the top.

Only negative of the night was our 'chips and salsa boy', who we coined "Slammy Sosa" because he angrily slammed down our salsas.

We think it was because he forgot to bring them a few minutes earlier.  This kid seemed to hate his life and became clearly disgusted when I asked for a green salsa (he only brought the red, come on dude!!).  We laughed about his nickname for the duration of the meal, so it wasn't a big deal.... but he almost cost this place a star.

Oh and I would definitely recommend this place for kids.  It was very loud because it was packed, so you don't have to worry about that.  Also they had the BEST balloon artist we'd ever seen.  He was very loud and funny.  The kids loved him.  He made some of the most amazing things from balloons, including a basketball hoop hat