Why did I wait so long to try this neighborhood hot spot!  Having a father who grew up on Los Olivos I remained a loyal customer, that is, until last evening's change in plans lured me to the colorfully lit and lively patio of Los Sombreros Authentic Mexican Cafe & Cantina.  I am not an expert on "authentic" Mexican cuisine nor will I pretend to know what  the flavors of San Miguel de Allende taste like; however, I am a foodie so I know good food when I eat it.  

We chose to sit outdoor and enjoy the beautiful weather while taking in another Cardinal's loss!  (Sad, I know, since they were off to a great start)....  Lucky for us it was a calm Monday night and we had the full attention of our waiter, aka the bartender.  Phil (no need to blush if you read this) did a wonderful job walking us through their many margarita selections while also conveying his personal favorites that showcased his love for whiskey!  My friend allowed Phil to make his margarita as he felt a fine margarita should be made while I allowed Phil to concoct my special margarita while following strict no sugar, no salt, heavy on the tequila preferences...and that was just to start!  Perfectly crafted margaritas in hand, check.  Now what to eat for dinner.  

My friend ordered his beloved Mole poblano ($18.95) while I couldn't decide between the Smoked chicken enchiladas with salsa verde and chipotle crema (yumm) and the Pollo a la parilla with spinach in a chipotle cream sauce -or- tinga Poblana sauce($18.95).  I opted for the Pollo a la parilla with chipotle cream preparation and, once again, my dinner friend had 'order envy'!!  That's not to say his Mole was par (or dare I say sub-par) because it wasn't - it actually has received many culinary awards being named "Best Mole" both locally and nationally, but because the chipotle cream sauce combined with spinach, perfectly sautéed  chicken breasts and a side of warm corn tortilla is....AMAZZZZZZING!!!!  It's also fair that I note aside from the pricier entree dishes served w two sides (as we ordered), they also offer up tacos (3 at $10.95), various quesadillas (@ $5.95) and other lesser priced authentic eats including fresh guacamole, salads and more!  

Deciding I'd save room to see if they could satisfy my sweet tooth I boxed my remaining dinner as we read through each and every dessert.  Undecided, again, and so we trusted our gastronomy guide, Phil, to choose.  He selected the Mexican Chocolate Cream Pie to finish off the evening, and we happily finished off this delectable treat leaving one bite as I always like to do!!!   

Thank you, Phil and Los Sombreros, for the memorable dining experience.  The food was outstanding, margaritas made by Phil are the best, and the patio alone is enough to draw me back for HH or even a late night dessert.  Thank you for staying in the neighborhood, Azucena Tovar, and congrats on almost turning 20 years old.