My girlfriend & I just moved here about 2 years ago from San Antonio after being there for 30 years.  Let me tell you that there are literally hundreds of Mexican restaurants in that city & about 90% of them are 5 STAR quality in terms of taste.  I grew up in that city & at now that I am 32 & away from there, I've have grown to appreciate great food.  Arizona, or maybe more specifically the Phoenix Metro area, (I don't know), has Mexican restaurants that just plain suck compared to San Antonio restaurants.  Yeah there are a few good ones here & there like Aunt-Chiladas, Arribas, & La Fondas, but nothing can beat Mangos.  Their Spanish rice is not like those other restaurants.  I don't know what they put in that rice that makes it taste not so good, but Mangos skips that ingredient & what we have here is a gold mine.   All of their meats taste as if they were marinated overnight or something.  Too good.

I work at the Wells Fargo building about a half a mile away & was here for almost a year before a new guy who started working in my office decided to let me in on downtown Mesa's little secret.  I had no clue what I was in for when we went there to take out for lunch.  Incredible food.   Free chips.  Salsa that does NOT have stupid jalapeno seeds.  Not everyone likes freaking hot stuff, Arizona!  I remember ordering over the phone a simple bean & cheese burrito.  Nothing more.  The guy TOTALLY got me.  The reason I made that known is because I still can't get over the experience I had at another joint called Filberto's.  Oh my God, this place is the pits.  I decided to try it against my girlfriends recommendation not to.  I should have listened to her.  I went there to order a simple bean & cheese taco & the guy looked at me with a blank stare.   Then I said it in Spanish so maybe he could understand more.  He shrugged his shoulders. Guy didn't have a clue!  Getting off topic so moving on...  My whole point was that Mangos understands me!  

In response to the chick from LA, I agree with almost everything you said, except two things: you said that we should grow up & order big boy food.  I couldn't give two craps about all that hogwash.  I'll order what I want to order.  I do not want big boy food.  If that means I want little boy food, then WTH is the problem.  I'm not into all that macho bull*** that 90 percent of Americans swear by.  I'm the anti-macho if you couldn't already tell by my wording of this incredibly long review this is starting to become.  :-)   I grew up on plain old boring bean & cheese tacos & burritos, so chew on that.  I'll eat those things til I reach 100 years old & beyond..  Guaranteed.  All I know is that Mangos delivers.  Not literally, but you know.   Also if there is something wrong with me for wanting simple food, then SO BE IT.  Skilled or not, anyone in the Mexican food business, should be able to understand frijoles con queso!  Again, my point being that MANGOS UNDERSTANDS ME.

& maybe I'm a little boring when it comes to food.  When I ordered my bean & cheese burrito, I asked the guy to not put in pico-de-gallo which is the little onions, tomatoes, & other green stuff that die hard Mexican-food lovers like.  He said that was fine.  He didn't even sweat it.  Then I told him to put in some beef.  Oh man, was that a meal.  Just that burrito alone made me full all the way from lunch until it was time to eat my midnight snack.  I was not hungry that WHOLE time.  This should tell you how large these things are & how filled they make them.  The insides are busting out of the lovely flour tortilla.  

This place deserves 5 stars for sure.  Excellent place to eat.  Yelpers, eat here to have a great Mexican meal & be full for hours & hours.
Mangos, thank you for giving me my Mexican food I remember from my hometown.  :-)