Ideally, I'd like to give this restaurant 4.5 stars, but I went ahead and gave it 5 because I still have faith in the place!  Let me explain... 

I went to the Mission for the first time back at the beginning of July on a Sunday evening.  Upon entering, I was immediately enthralled with ambience of the place.  I loved the gothic yet romantic mood that was set by the decor and lighting.  The place was so packed on a Sunday night, that my boyfriend and I had to squeeze into a corner spot at the bar, not ideal seating, but that minor detail soon lost any importance once the friendly bartender began providing us with tasty and refreshing margaritas and extensive knowledge of the menu.  

We began our meal with the guacamole.  I like to think of myself as a guacamole snob, (I modestly claim to make some of the best guacamole around...) and the guacamole here is superb.  Not bland at all, full of flavor, and I love the additions of pepitas and cotija cheese sprinkled on top.  The salsa, how i typically judge a Mexican restaurant worth its salt, was super smoky and delicious, not at all watery.  Now, for the main event, the Duck Carnitas Empanadas.  My boyfriend and I both agreed that we had never in our lives tasted something so completely and originally delicious.  They were a revelation. 

Now, I suppose any restaurant would have a hard time living up to the hype and standards of such an outstanding first experience for two diners. With that being said, after having raved on and on about The Mission to fellow foodies and friends, my boyfriend and I took my bestie out to dinner so she could experience the food for herself.  The salsa paled in comparison to the batch we had devoured the first time.  The smoky flavor that we loved so much was simply no where to be found.  We ordered the duck empanadas with anticipation, knowing that there was no way these could disappoint.  Unfortunately, we were wrong.  They didn't excite me or my boyfriend the way they had the first time. We were both so giddy about savoring these genius pockets of poultry, but left feeling sorely disappointed. 

So my point is this: the food is still delicious and inventive enough to give The Mission a try, but in my experience, it's just somewhat inconsistent.  Perhaps the chef who works on Sunday nights cooks with a little more love and patience.  My first time dining at The Mission was so memorable that I will definitely return in the future, I'll just make sure it's on a Sunday evening.