I tried this place for the first time with some friends a few days ago after having it bookmarked seeing some friends checking in. I knew it was on industrial so I knew it was around the strip clubs but I had noo idea it was right next to Sapphire in the same building but a seperate entrance to the side of Sapphire's entrance closest to the street. How funny! I was thinking oh no what did I drag my friends into lol But once we entered, we were shocked at how nicely everything was decorated. Modern and clean, definitely a nice atmosphere for date nights! I loved the rose textured accent walls and bar seating.
Our server Raphael was really friendly, funny and gave us great recommendations to try since it was our first time. He let us know that they have not even had their Grand Opening yet so I was surprised at the amount of reviews this place had! He also let us know that their food was Non-GMO and were vegetarian & gluten free friendly!  Even better! We were brought free chips and 3 different salsas to start and I loved the flavor and kick that the salsas had. We went with Raphael's recommendation of the Shrimp Taquitos to start and we were glad we did. Good sized shrimp and we loved the chipotle ranch dressing that was served on top. My boyfriend and friend's boyfriend both ordered the Al Pastor Tacos which came with cilantro rice and refried beans and they were amazing! Definitely going to get those next time. Big flavors of pineapple and lime! Yum! The rice was also super fluffy and the beans were fresh and had great flavor as well. I went with the Chicken Enchiladas and my friend went with the Seafood Enchiladas. We loooved the green tomatillo sauce that came served on both. We're used to a thinner consistency in the sauce so we were pleasantly surprised at the creaminess it had along with the chile flavor. Also, there was a lot of chicken and seafood in our enchiladas. Definitely not on the skimpy side! We finished our meal with an order of Tres Leches,  which Raphael warned was a little on the small side but since we only wanted a small taste, no problem. The cake was served on top of the creamy sauce instead of having been soaked in it and it was a nice twist on the classic Tres Leches. Great flavors for this as well. 
This place is definitely 5 stars! Amazing service, authentic food that won't break the bank and a great atmosphere! The only thing that would make this place better would be if it wasn't basically attached to a strip club lol but others might say that's a pro instead of con!
Can't wait to come back and try their drinks and signature dishes! :)