Okay.  I have to preface the review with a comment.  All you "Yelpers" who slam Verde for not being "authentic"...get your heads out of your a$$e$!  Verde doesn't intend to be authentic Mexican, it says "MODERN Mexican!"  You want Taco Bell?  Go to Taco Bell and stay the hell out of one of the BEST restaurants in Pittsburgh...Mexican or otherwise. Thank you.  Rant ended.

Cheff LBee puts out some of the most creative cuisine in the 'Burgh.   (Big plus...they have a gluten-free menu!)   I LOVED the twist I had recently on a tamale - succulent BBQ pulled pork.  No, it wasn't a traditional tamale and I'm grateful for that...it was HUGE.  The size alone was untraditional.  Sweet, spicy, tender pork encased in a masa crust was everything I could want in great food with a Mexican/Southern twist.  

Another visit for brunch with the fam.  Once again it wasn't a "traditional" Mexican menu.  Thank God.  If it had been traditional, I don't think I would have been offered the amazing sweet potato/smoked brisket with a 5-minutes egg perched atop.  Wow.  The potatoes were crisp, yet smooth on the inside, the brisket was smoky and played nicely with the sweet potatoes, the 5-minute egg oozed its golden yolk across the hash to make a lovely sauce.  Truth be told here, my plate came out and before I could cut into the egg, another egg came out.  The waiter explained the kitchen realized the original egg had cooked too long and wanted to be sure I had the proper egg for the dish.  Love that!  How many places would have just let it go?  Not LBee!

Then there are the cocktails.  One of the best cocktail programs in the city reside right there at Verde.  I had the opportunity to chat for a good while with Allie, one of Verde's expert mixologists.  Even better than talking mixology (one of my fave subjects!), was the cocktails!  My favorite of all was the La Fortunada...I don't remember what all was in it, but gin.  Yeah, not tequila, who knew a Mexican restaurant that specializes in tequila did GIN so well!  The Copa del Fuego margarita with jalapeno and cardamom satisfied my heat and warm spice cravings...and their Paloma (had this at brunch) with grapefruit, lime and resposado tequila made a perfect accompaniment to brunch.  Oh hell...it would be perfect anytime!

If you're looking for "typical" Mexican, don't bother to darken the doors of Verde.  If you're looking for creative, exceptional cuisine and cocktails in a casual and friendly atmosphere, THIS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU!  All others need not apply.