Finally there's a place serving good street tacos south of Tropicana Ave to bad it's not on the West.

Well I gave the original location a 5 star cause I loved it so Im gonna give this location an extra star cause I love it even more. Yes an extra star, 6 stars, so what its a 5 star rating system. When they decide to open one near me I'll probably give them another star too LOL. It's the same awesome food as the original location, maybe a few more options on the menu, but in a larger, fancier, and better place.

There's lots of meat choices. If you're having trouble selecting which meat you want just ask they'll gladly explain or let you sample, free food sample them all haha. A must is Al Pastor with everything on it and extra pineapple. Al Pastor is a spicy marinated pork that's been roasting on a spit, take it like how they serve it or let them know how you like it, I like a little more crunchy then normal. There's 12 different meats :) I've had them all at the other location but one that I didn't see  was the cochinita pibil so I had to sample it, delicious I need to have it again. The meats can be put in a taco, burrito, bowl, fries, nachos, and as a vampiro then you can go to their condiments area and load up on their various sauces and sides. Warning the sauces aren't labeled but if its like the original location there's a habanero sauce in the mix its probably orange, try them all and buy a drink. Ask for fried green onions and peppers if there aren't any at the condiment area.

There's a vegetarian menu also which you can put in a taco, burrito, bowl, or the other options like the meats. There's the Seta which is a mushroom and chile pasilla mix with queso fresco, the Soyrizo which is a soy chorizo, the Queso Fresco which is a smooth pasteurized cheese, and the Vegetables which is fajita mixed style with green and yellow bell peppers and purple onions. Reading of the menu.

I got the Al Pastor, Lengua (tongue), and Carnintas (shoulder) tacos and even an Al Pastor fries with everything on all of it. Everything was very delicious as I remembered from the original location. 

There's a lot of dining room both downstairs and upstairs, it seems more private upstairs and with a view of downstairs. They serve cocktails and beers. Happy Hour is 6pm-8pm daily, Brunch 11am-3pm Sat and Sun, Live Mariachi 6pm-7pm Mon, and DJ Fri-Sun. I don't know what the deals or menus are but noticed them on a flyer on my way out.

OK I'll comply to the 5 stars rating system for now. Still the best in town just saying.