I have been eagerly anticipating trying this new restaurant, as it is open late, at Aria, and I am a big fan of the Mexican restaurants at MGM properties (e.g. Diego, Border Grill) so I had high expectations.

The decor is similar to Lemongrass, with suspended rope effects and lots of wood. The dim atmosphere is very appealing, I prefer dark to light in a restaurant. The skull-themed chainsaw wood carvings on the East wall are a fantastic touch.

And the food? Some of the best fresh tortilla chips I've ever had, thin but not too thin. Perfect house salsa, again thin but not too thin, medium-ish spice. Amazingly, you can polish off this entire basket (it's inevitable) and not feel like you've ruined your appetite. As with other MGM Mexican spots, ask for the secret Habanero Salsa - the one at Javier's is cooked with a hint of butter, served warm and comes out orange.

Guacamole ($10) - a generous portion, and I prefer Javier's kitchen-made guac to others' tableside versions.
Cabo Azul ($28) - Lobster Enchilada, Chile Relleno w/Dungeness Crab and Shrimp, Bonus Ensenada-style Shrimp Taco, Black Bean dip and Rice. Recommended by our server. Delicious and almost overwhelming in terms of deciding where to start and planning my last bite. A fun mini-buffet of Mexican-style seafood. A winner.
Got to taste the Chicken Picado ($22) as well - very tasty char-broiled chicken flavor.

Cesar, our server, was friendly and made some great menu suggestions. All of the server assistants did a superb job at keeping our drinks and chips topped off.

Excited to try the rest of the menu. LOTS of appealing items on it. It would be easy for me to proclaim that this food is 'overpriced' and give it 4 stars instead of 5, but I think if you choose to eat here you know exactly what you're getting into. If you want 'cheap' Mexican food you probably know exactly where to get it. (My 'cheap' Mexican spot is Tacos La Mexicana on Decatur & Twain: $5.49 for 4 Tacos, Rice, Beans and a Drink!) 
Las manzanas y las naranjas...