Fan-friggin-tastic!! SO, I met a petit blond young lady at work one evening/early morning. Miss Jami told me about this wonderful establishment. She shared a brief history of the place which really peaked my curiosity. She says she's a server there and that I must try it sometime. The sucker for a pretty girl that I am, I made a commitment to try it on Tuesday. I did.

I loved the antique car in the front as I approached. I love the overall character of the place from the outside. I walked in and waited for a moment for the host, and just took in the beautiful entryway. The smell of that old wood gives hint to the age of this great place. The host returned and greeted me. Kyle was pretty laid back and calm. He was a gentleman and very kind to spend a few moments talking to me. Being by myself, that was a bit of hospitality that I love to receive at restaurants. 

While taking up Kyles time my server came and asked me for my drink order. This lovely creature calls herself Mari. Mari was great. great personality, attentive and lovely as can be. While waiting for my food, I gawked around at this beautiful 1892 masterpiece. This restaurant has great ambiance, and I was thrilled to be dining in what was once a horse corral. In this corral was a beautiful fireplace, built in the 1930's, I'm told, and a huge water fountain. Very pretty. I love the paintings on the wall, one of Aunt Chillada herself and another awkward one, but fun, nonetheless. While nearing the end of my meal I greeted Daisha. While she was setting up the table next to me, I struck up a conversation with her, because that's what Thought Creep does when he dines alone. Daisha was fun to talk to and how awesome, she cleared my dirty plate. I love the team work. Uncommon in other restaurants. So a shout out to her. On my way out I was thanked by the Manager on duty, Dan. Kyle had offered me a History Tour of this massive place earlier but guests were starting to come in about 5:30 pm so I thought I'd take a rain check. Nope!!! An enthusiastic Dan offered to take me on the tour. He really knows his history of this place. I was impressed with, not only his knowledge of Aunt Chilada's but local mining history that played a roll of it's earlier success. 

Overall, I am really impressed. I am sad that Jami wasn't there, but I will be back another time. But TC, you ask? What about the food? I had the two entrée combination platter. A sucker for red meat and carnage, I chose the Machaca Taco and the Machaca enchilada. Served with shredded lettuce, lightly spiced refried beans with, what tasted like, a hint of fresh garlic, and a side of a seasoned baby angel hair pasta with bits of peas and carrots. Preceding my meal was home made flour tortilla chips and a delicious Salsa Fresca with baby black olives and other tasty bits of Mexi-goodness. And finally, I was impressed with the bottle of water. Served in a bottle that looks as old as the structure itself, this bottle was served extremely cold. The frostiness of the glass and light blue hue made this water appear refreshing. It was, at 110 degrees outside.  

I absolutely loved my experience here. From the moment I walked in to the time I left, my experience was a grand one. I will be back. I've told my friends back home in SoCal this is a must try, while visiting Lil ol' me. Until next time. Thank you Aunt Chilada's crew. Nicely done.