- The Skinny:

Food Quality: 5 Stars
-  Real Mexican food in Vegas! Tried the following with my family:

El Molcajete (Mexican style Fajitas) - Grilled Carne Asada, or Chicken (you can add chicken), Tiger Prawn Shrimp, seasoned grilled nopales (Mexican Cactus) served sizzling in a molcajete salsa Ranchera , chile & onion toreados, Queso Oaxaca. Served with mexican rice, guacamole, pico de gallo and choice of tortillas. We had the carne asada & added Chorizo. 

Tasty! But not as much meat as other places. A little spicy if you are sensitive. Chorizo was pretty salty. My wife used the left overs to make eggs the next day, sooo good!! 

Enchiladas Del Mar (Seafood Enchiladas) - Shrimp And/Or fish in Leticia's white Cream and Cheese sauce or Chile de Arbol spicy sauce. Served with a Poblano white Rice Casserole with crema, cheese and rajas. 

This was really good and different take on a Mexican classic! 

Pozole -  tender beef and pork, slowly cooked with a blend of red guajillo sauce and Leticia's special spices and hominy. Served traditionally with a side of tostaditas, lime, chopped onions, cilantro, chopped lettuce, radishes, oregano, crushed chile and avocad (Chicken Pozole also available).

I didn't try it but my brother enjoyed it.

Quesadilla - Large flour tortillas with house blend of Oaxaca melted cheese, served with guacamole, pico de gallo and sour cream.

There was A LOT of cheese in these, easily shared by 2 people. Well made and tasty. 

The table Chips, Salsa, and beans were really good too!

Drinks: 5 Stars
- The Mango "Agua Fresca" (Fresh Fruit Water) is AMAZING!! The Horchata was also good with a little creamy instead of watery taste most other places have.  

Pricing: 5 Stars
- What you would pay at most sit down Mexican spots. Good portions! 

Service: 4 Stars
- Nice, friendly, attentive, they do a good job! There was a bit of a wait.

Atmosphere: 5 Stars
- Really liked the decor of this place, they really have a that Mexican culture feel. Even the Caucasian host was in a traditional dress!  

Comfort: 5 Stars
- Plenty of seating, comfortable seats and tables. 

Location: 5 Stars 
Plenty of parking in that area, easy seen from the road and simple to get to. 

- The Fat: 

Went out to eat with my brother and his family. Only my sister in law had been there and she loved the place. We weren't convinced though because not to offend, but she's a white girl and were all Mexican (our parents were born/raised in Mexico) so we have more a say so on Mexican food ;)   

We really had a hard time deciding on what to get cause the whole menu looks delicious! We were pleasantly surprised by the food. My wife and I love "Molcajete" but it's hard to find a good one, none the less, a place that even serves it! there is a lot of "soup" in the molcajete bowl so my wife used the left overs to make eggs the next day, sooo good!!

I really enjoy the "Enchiladas Del Mar" and would get that next time. The Mango drink is to die for! If you want a different Mexican food experience far from the usual sit down Mex chains, go here!