The other day I was mentioning to my sister that I like enchiladas, but they're usually so badly done that I never order them. I then saw her eyes light up and she yelled, "Gadzooks!" As I began to slowly back away she told me about this terrific spot she likes to go for lunch and how I *had* to go there. Initially I was hesitant -especially after she mentioned the Chipotle-style ordering method- but after a long day at the ballpark I really just wanted something quick, good and cheap. So, I begrudgingly went in a bit skeptical, but I came out a huge fan.

Enchiladas:

Tortillas- Gadzooks offers two tortillas: corn or their "half n' half" mix (a combo of corn and flour)--both are made in house right in front of your eyes. I got the half n' half on mine and it was terrific; good corn flavor with the softness you crave from flour tortillas. 5*

Filling- I got three different fillings: Green Chile Pork, Guajillo Short Rib, and Chile Cornbread mix. Oddly enough, I thought the Cornbread mix was phenomenal; it was sweet and spicy and gave a nice contrast to the richness of everything else in the dish. The Short Rib was my number two pick, but the cornbread kicked ass. 5*

Toppings- This is the cheese and salsa portion of the enchilada. They have your typical red and green salsa or you can "Christmas" it and get 1/2 of each--of course I Christmas'd it! Surprisingly, I'd have to say I preferred their green sauce, but if I came back I'd probably just Christmas it again. I also got a combo of their two cheeses: Asadero and Chihuahua and it was all good. 4.5*

Add-ons: Gadzooks has some cool stuff you can throw on top after your enchilda is done cooking; they have Guacamole, over-easy Egg and Goat Cheese. I opted for the Guacamole -I'm from Cali--you know how we do it!- but I'm really curious about the egg. 5*

Toppings part 2 (The Revenge!)- A second helping of Salsa and Cheese?! ¡Sí, por favor! I kept it simple with the Pico de Gallo and some crumbled Cotija Cheese. 4*

Service & Ambiance- The staff on the night I went were all terrific and very helpful. They'll let you sample away at anything you want so that you'll get your order perfect--so, don't be shy! The first thing you'll notice as you enter Gadzooks is how clean and modern the place is--actually the first thing you'll notice is how delicious everything smells, but I was talking sight-wise. There's indoor and outdoor seating and it feels very spacious, even though it kinda isn't. 5*


Value- Terrific value as you can get a 2 Enchilada plate for $6 or $8 for those of us that are feeling like little piggies. The kids' meals are also value-priced at only $3.75! 5*

I think Gadzooks has earned a nice place in my heart and would definitely be in my weekly lunch rotation if I worked in the area. Awesome service, great food and value pricing are hard to come by these days and the fact that it's a small locally-owned business just further endears it to me. Highly, highly recommended!