I got the wrong beer three times in two visits, but I'm still giving the place 5 stars. That's how much I liked it. Everything: the food, the beer (when I got the right one, and even sometimes when I didn't), the ambience, and the waitstaff.

I was in town for a trade show and in search of good tacos and beer. What luck to find Tacos + Beer just a mile away!

Let's start with the food. I'm from Florida and lived in New Mexico for four years, so I've had my share of good Mexican food. This is very, very good Mexican food. You can get individual tacos ($2.50-$4 ea.), enchiladas, tortas, nachos, etc. There are about 12-16 taco varieties to choose from, and over my two visits I tried pretty much all of them. My favorites were the Baja (fried) fish and the Rajas con Crema (roasted chiles + oaxaca cheese), but they were all phenomenal. The tortillas are fresh-made on site (you can watch it being done) and the ingredients all tasted very, very fresh. If you're a cilantro hater like myself, they'll happily remove it when possible. I also had a bit of someone else's torta and it was very tasty if slightly soggy due to the filling they chose.)

Then there's the beer. Las Vegas is a s**t town for beer. Everyone knows this. But this place has a beer selection to rival some of my favorite places in Boston, which is really saying something. There are 20 taps and they offer a really surprising mix of local, faraway domestic, and international beers. In my first visit, for instance, I had a Tilquin Gueuze, a Tahoe Mountain wild ale, and a Ballast Point Victory at Sea. These would be great addition to taps anywhere, let alone Vegas. Lots of German and Belgian drafts, and even some from Switzerland(!). Reasonably priced, too.

The service was also excellent. We arrived on time for our first reservation but our table wasn't ready. The manager greeted us, explained the situation and gave us a free round of drafts (it was a group of 8, so 8 free beers). He also stopped by the table later on to give us some samples of newly tapped beers. The waitstaff were also extremely friendly, efficient, and accommodating. They happily handled split checks, despite our large party size.

The downsides? Either the bartender or the waiter mucked up our beer orders a couple times (perhaps a lack of familiarity with the subject matter, since they weren't like-for-like mixups), but they made it right quickly and without fuss.

Did I mention the place is really affordable? Fully belly and a nice buzz for $27 + tip. Can't complain.