Ok,ok, I know from my profile it probably looks like I'm throwing 5 stars out at will but I promise you this place is a 6 star gem! There are two things I could eat everyday and as non-foodie as it may sound they happen to be Mexican food and NY style pizza. This place was hands down one of the best Mexican spots I have been too!

The restaurant appears chain-ish at first glance and looks like nothing special. However, the charcoal smell looming over the parking lot is your first hint that you are in for the real deal.  The setup is order yourself, pay and eat; simple and perfect.  

I apparently signed up for my own eating contest because I ordered 2 pork, 1 lengua, and 1 cow brain taco (don't know the Spanish term..I can hardly ask for agua), annnd split the carne asada fries - unbelievable!  The pork tacos were hands down the best I have ever had!!  They are shaved right from a slab of meat as the orders roll in so it appears in strips as oppose to the chunks/cubes or "flakes" as you may be use to.  Its appearance oddly reminded me of pork in a Chinese restaurant. The lengua was fresh, tender, and just right. The cow brains, don't judge me,  I was trying for the first time. I thought them to be more tender and even better than the lengua!!  One aspect of the tacos that made them so good were the toppings they are loaded with the best ingredients and "salsas" which only my pics can properly describe.The carne asada fries (also have pork option) were amazing! They are very similar to McDonald cut and tasting fries, which I secretly love, and the fresh cooked steak was nearly infused with smoke from the fresh charcoal grill it was cooked on. 

This is not a hoity-toity Mexican restaurant so keep that in mind when considering.  Most of the places I frequent that have the best Mexican you can get a few tacos and a pair of cowboy boots if you wanted.  They are hole in the wall places that dish up awesome food.  This is one of those places (minus the boots) and it is a must have if you are an authentic Mexican lover like myself.

Enjoy!!

Kent