Never heard of this place until my friend invited me for dinner. This location is conveniently located in a plaza right across the street from UNLV's campus... So we walked there; took us less than 5 minutes. 

We got there towards the end of the night, so besides us (party of 4) there were only 1-2 more groups in there; pretty empty. 

Walked in and was greeted warmly. I was told it was a "Hawaiian style Chipotle" and indeed, it was. That is basically the only way I can describe this eatery because that's exactly what it is. It's setup the exact same way as Chipotle... You either pick a bowl or a burrito and they have a line of meats/toppings to put inside or on top. 

The worker (wish I grabbed her name, she was awesome!) asked if it was our first time and without us asking, gave us a sample of the kalua pig and the steak before we ordered. I really appreciated that and it was a no brainer for me to go with the steak... It was really sweet! (I forgot the name but it's the only steak on the menu. Looks like Pipi Kaula but sweet not smokey.) She also offered us a sample of their famous "Coconut Bark."

I chose a bowl and went with the steak and furikake (nori/seaweed) rice. Then, went forward with all the toppings and sauces. If I remember correctly, it was cabbage, tomatoes, corn, bean sprouts, cilantro, salsa, lime, guac and sour cream. 

Let me put it this way.... SHE PACKED THE BOWL. Not stingy at all. She stacked my bowl HIGH with the various toppings. Such generous servings!!! This is a big plus. You definitely get MORE for your money and the bowls are not overpriced either. They even offer a discount for UNLV (not sure about CSN or if only this location offers student discount being that they're right across from UNLV) when you show your student ID. 

They have special homemade sauces and the signature Hawaiian Sun drinks. 

We dined in and when I took my first bite.... I DIED AND WENT TO HEAVEN. I don't know how I will ever eat Chipotle the same after eating here. Everyone back home in Hawaii wants a Chipotle, but I say, make a Braddah's!!! The owner needs to open one in Hawaii... Locals would go crazy. 

Anyone who loves Chipotle and who loves Hawaiian food, will definitely enjoy Braddah's. The customer service is awesome, definitely felt like I was back home, and the food is broke da mout status. 

I can't wait to go back!!!!