Writing a review for Komex Express is unlike most any review I've ever written. Generally I will post my critique of an establishment on Yelp after only one or two visits, but Komex is a different kind of place that deserved a different approach.
 
  Komex was opened for quite a while before I ventured in for the first time. The location that Komex occupies is where one of my favorite Mexican restaurants, El Burrito Café, once stood. This spot is only a few hundred yards from my house so the Komex signs were merely reminders of a food spot that I had literally grown up with here in Vegas. Could this "fusion" restaurant compare to the family run Mexican joint I had been so fond of? No way!! Well, maybe I was wrong this time. Komex is beyond incredible!! After stumbling across a bunch of positive reviews on Yelp I decided to go check this place out and there has been no turning back!!

  If you haven't tried Korean/ Mexican fusion you don't know what you're missing. The melding of spices and peppers that are used in each type of food has been mastered by the Yi family. Most items on the menu at Komex (tacos, burritos, etc.) are available with carne, pollo and carnitas and each is equally delicious. The tacos and burritos are all insanely delicious, but the tortas are by far my favorite. They are made with an ample amount of meat (I prefer the carne on these), lettuce, tomato, avocado and jalapeno on a fresh, soft roll. The bulgogi is also a can't miss option if you want to delve further into the Korea side of the menu. I've had the bulgogi as both a burrito (try it with a little Kimchi) and on its own. Both were awesome! Yesterday I decided to try to fusion cheese enchiladas which I was sure would be at least a slight step down from the other fare at Komex, but guess what; DELICIOUS!! BTW, did I mention the prices??!! The food at Komex would be a bargain at twice the price in my eyes. Taste and quality vs. cost puts Komex at the top of any list of restaurants in Vegas for sure. Be sure to try the unsweetened jasmine tea too.

  I would also be remiss if I didn't mention how great the service is. The staff is always very friendly and the service is prompt. Linda is the smiling face that greets every customer that walks in and she sees to it that each patron is well taken care of. I continually tell all my friends that if you aren't making the short trip to Komex, you're missing out on a real treat. Komex definitely on my short list of regular stops for great food!!