Ok, this one has been a long time coming. 

So basically my friend and I affectionately refer to these guys as the burger gods. The thing to note here, is they have a new special burger every week. If you go here, you ask for the special. If it doesn't sound like something you'd like, I'd encourage you to try it anyway. These guys do incredible, magical, delicious things with ingredients I never thought would work with a burger. 

So once you've gotten your special fix in; when you go back again that week, and you probably will, they've got a slew of other finely crafted dishes. The Club sandwiches are both great in their chicken or shrimp trims. The Fresno style pork tacos are brilliant. Sides are the house's masterful take on classic burger joint sides, decadent fries, sweet potato tots, and for those with a sweet tooth, French toast fries. 

Wash this all down with one of many different sodas from the fountain or the large variety of canned ones they keep in a cooler. If soda isn't your thing, fresh cucumber water is available. 

For the sweeter side of things, they offer a large sampling of milkshakes and run a special flavor for a month. Fried ice cream is also on the menu but the unique flavors of milkshake offered are really the best bet. 

The staff is always friendly and happy to chat. Service is usually quite fast even when busy. 

If I had to say anything negative about the place it's that I've gotten burgers or sandwiches they've been missing a topping. It's only happened a couple times, and the food was still perfectly delicious otherwise.  I know with the specials that the chef does play with them a bit for fine tuning so maybe I've just caught them in that phase. 

The only other negative would be that you have to go there more than once a week so you can try the special and get to try the rest of their awesome regular menu. 

If you've managed to read this far I'll let you in on a little secret. The Texas BBQ burger isn't on the menu but can be ordered any time. This is my all time favorite BBQ burger ever so definitely try one.