Most amazing brunch i've ever had. There was a couple here who said best in AZ and they have been coming here for 20+ years. 

Well they started us off on high expectations and DH delivered. Delivered completely. 

The bartender/server here was very friendly and knowledgeable about their menu. Like the ins and outs of the menu. We asked for some recommendations and he said anything with the carne adovada is great. This was true.

My wife got the carne adovada benedict. I got the rellenos and eggs with red and green sauce. both of these dishes were amazing. My rellenos were/are perfect eggs were cooked amazingly. We watched the chef prepare our dishes and wow it was filled with anticipation of: "is that what i ordered? that looks soo good".

The carne adovada, like the server said was amazing. It was tender, delicious and delicious and delicious. I don't know how else to describe it. The meat was juicy, not dried out which lots of places have dry meat. the Egg to the benedict was perfect and runny. I've had some benedicts recently where they served it basically soft boiled and swear thats how its supposed to be.

Also the hollandaise was delicious. it was a perfect fit on this benedict. Really well made, even smooth texture. Yet  still rich (which is what you want).


This place is DARK! so older people be aware and sit somewhere with a light so you can see your menu. The room with the tables would be best for more lighting. I loved how dark it was. It really gave the place an old time feel. When you walk in your hit with a burst of a nice smokey smell from their wood fire grill. There is the bartop with a few high tops to sit at as well.

The backroom has three large tables which could accomodate a group of people. Definitely not a child friendly place if it was to be packed. I am not sure how crowded it gets, but by the taste of their brunch I am sure they get really packed. We went on a Thursday morning and there were only a handful of people there. It was a little bit busier by the time we left. 

My recommendation. Sit at the bar/hightop area, its a better experience. Ask the server for his/her recommendations. sit back and relax.