GO! Just go.........and make sure that it's on a Friday. 
Why? Grande sized house Margaritas are $5 each. 
I always drink two, because they are Fergalicious!!!
Be warned.....they are both delicious and potent, which are both good things in my book. After two 'Ritas yesterday, I had a little trouble walking for a second or two. 

Other random thoughts.....

WIBBLY WOBBLY
My initial booth's table was so wobbly that it wasn't possible to eat at that table. I asked to move to an adjacent booth. My waitress complied with no comment, other than a smirk. If that table had been a horse, ala 1950's westerns, "they" would have shot it in the head to put it out of it's misery. 

MARGARITA
Secondly, you ARE going to want a second Margarita. Even though they are large, my first one was almost gone before my food arrived. How large you ask? I got in a pretty good arm curl workout drinking those 'Ritas. Curl. Sip. "Ahhhh." Curl. Sip. "Ahhhh." Repeat. Feel the burn!

Three Amigos' Margaritas are made with freshly squeezed lime juice, good tequila, triple sec, lime and orange slices, and a ton of salt on the rim. My waitress, who was also serving as the bartender, showed me their placard as having been selected Charlotte's BEST Margarita. The two that I had were the best in recent memory, so I don't dispute their claim. (They are also made QUICKLY!) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/three-amigos-mexican-restaurant-and-cantina-charlotte?select=xVPIVNwRtkg83jlm2N_2aA

GUAC ME, BABY!
A MUST is ordering their chunky guacamole with pico de gallo, because it is amazing! I always get a small, appetizer size, portion to go along with the chips and salsa. I have never eaten better guac. The appetizer size is plenty for one, but for two or more people you'll need to order a larger sized portion. 

CHIPS, AND SALSA, AND GUAC.....OH, MY!
Oh, speaking of the chips and salsa....the chips come out warm and covered in some type of red spice. They are good.

The salsa "appears" to be homemade, and it is filled with bits of onions, tomato, and chiles. I have not had better gratis salsa anywhere else. I usually add a little hot sauce for good measure.

TACOS
Entree: I ordered the TACOs AL PASTOR today for a change. They were just "okay." Three Amigos scrimps on their taco filling as it is, but there were only one or two pieces of pineapple in both tacos. The flavor was also not as good as their charcoal grilled tasting carne asada tacos, which are very good. I still have not found an entree dish that has blown me away yet, but I'm still hopeful. The carne asada tacos are $7.95, and the tacos al pastor are $8.95. Both are too expensive for the meager portions received compared to other places. 

To offset that a bit.....the refried beans and yellow rice are wonderful. I cleaned my plate, which I rarely do in a Mexican restaurant. 

SERVICE? 
Usually good to excellent.

ATMOSPHERE? 
Loud! The Hispanic music here reminds me of an 80's Latin disco dance party. This place rocks! There is Tele-MUN-DO comedies on the TV, which get funnier and funnier as the Margaritas go sippy sippy. 

CUANTO CUESTA? 
Expect to pay $20+ per person, IF you go full tilt boogie and order a little bit of everything, including a couple of drinks. 

I like to splurge once in awhile, without worrying about prices. I used to go to a good steak house, but more and more lately I find myself craving tacos, great guac, and grande Margarita(s). Maybe I'll see you there next Friday.