After going to Fuego Tacos, I was very excited to try Fuego Cityscape. My friends and I also discovered them on the Whistl App for iPhone. 

We knew that their happy hour was only available out on the patio, but considering the weather conditions, they were more than happy to give us the same great deals inside the restaurant. 

We started off with Cubano Sliders and the BBQ Pork Quesadilla ($6 each). 

The Cubano Sliders were excellent. The waiter had recommended them, and they were a very memorable part of the meal. The meat was very flavorful, and the sauce and cheese that accompanied the meat really made the slider "pop". It was a little sweet, a little spicy, but perfectly balanced. 

The BBQ Pork Quesadilla was also delicious. The BBQ sauce was not overbearing, which played well to the quesadillas traditional roots. The sauce it came with appeared to be a chipotle style sour cream/mayo and was very good, although the quesadilla didn't really need much else.

My friends both ordered a Dos Equis ($1 Off), and I asked the waiter to surprise me. He brought me an in-house jalapeno infused margarita. Wow was it good! I was not expecting the spiciness at first, but as my pallet adjusted, I literally could not put it down. I am also not one to like salt on my margarita, but with the spiciness from the jalapenos, the salted rim helped tone it down nicely.

For our main entrees, I got the Blackened Tilapia Caesar Salad, my friend got the Pernil Tacos, while my other friend got the Empanadas. 

I really enjoyed the Caesar salad, it was a nice twist on a classic dish. Black beans, corn, and spiced tortilla strips gave it a nice "southwestern" flair. The tilapia also had a southwestern seasoning that made it delicious on its own. I appreciated the temperature of the fish when it came out. Not too hot, and definitely not cold. I cannot stand having burning hot food on a salad, effectively making the lettuce warm.

I got to try a bite from each of my friends. Both dishes were excellent. The Pernil Tacos came out as traditional street tacos (double wrapped corn tortillas). The pernil as excellent. The tacos come in a variations of meat and fish, but we went with the waiters recommendation, and were not disappointed. 

I have never had empanadas before, and was really blown away. The inside was very rich and flavorful, I believe they use chorizo inside. The fried crunchy exterior made for an interesting texture compared to the inside. It was cooked to perfection, with the exterior never getting soggy.

As for the service and atmosphere, both were excellent. Our waiter gave excellent recommendations and was very honest about each item we inquired about. 

I really liked the interior, it was quite small, but very homey. It was a very personable place to be, and a great location for a restaurant. 

If you'd like to find more places like this, definitely check out the Whistl App for iPhone and follow them on instagram at @whistlapp 
All of their suggestions have been excellent. I can't wait to try all of the great happy hours around town!

Happy Eatings!