The first time I ate here a little over a decade ago I was with my girlfriend at the time and we were woefully unprepared for what we were about to experience.  I had heard about the spicy food, potent margaritas and the fun atmosphere.  I was not expecting to find myself waking up at 3:30 in the morning sprawled sideways on my bed, partially clothed with my dog licking my face.  Once I came to some semblance of my senses I realized that all the lights were on, Bob Marley was blaring on the stereo and the front door was wide open with only the screen door providing any security.  It was then that I realized I had been "Los Dosed".  I also knew it was only the first of what would be many.  The name means "the two grinders" and that's just what I felt like I had been through.

If you like to be adventurous and experiment with different restaurants "Los Dos" can be more of a holistic experience than simply just going out to eat.  The food is everything it is rumored to be, amazing and hot as hell!  For some reason it does not matter you will gladly keep eating even though your mouth is on fire, your eyes are watering and your scalp is sweating.  The margaritas are good but frankly not the tastiest I've ever had but they are a perfect compliment to the aforementioned spicy food.  I once brought a friend who I had been talking up the margaritas to and after he had a couple he did not understand what the big deal was.  That is until he got up to go to the bathroom, by the time he came back he was convinced they must be adding a "special" ingredient to them (lets just say he knew a thing or two about that sort of thing).  In case you have not picked up on what I'm implying you should be prepared to either have a DD or plan on taking a cab home.  

In the early years they used to have an amazing crooner/guitarist serenading the room with a perfect blend of traditional Mexican tunes mixed with a few popular hits like Brown Eyed Girl and of course Margaritaville.  There would be moments where I would look around the room and see almost every body singing along gleefully unfazed by any pretenses.  They still have musicians come in every now and then that do a great job and you are sure to have a great time either way.  

This is a family run business with a few restaurants in Arizona and one in Manhattan, NY.  My favorite is the one in south Phoenix that looks like an old mission.  The building is kind of by itself with not a lot around it and with a single band of neon going around the roofline it kind of reminds me of the bar in Tarantino's Dusk Till Dawn.  There is a lot of space to hang out on the patio while you wait to be called in to a relatively small dining room.  On the weekends especially you can expect to wait a couple hours to be seated but don't fret you can hang out with friends and have chips and salsa with a beverage of your choice while you wait.  

I have often tried to explain the experience at Los Dos Molinos as an entertaining assault on the senses and if you catch the right night that's just what it is.  If you happen to have a really good night it can seem like you were abducted by aliens, sadistically fun aliens but aliens none the less. Salud