After 9 years at another, this is now our new favorite Mexican place!   We've went twice in two days and both times it was exceptionally good--with excellent service.  

This wonderful restaurant specializes in modern Mexican food.  Don't expect the re-fried-beans-and-greasy-melted-cheddar type Mexican food of traditional Mexican restaurants.  If you are craving something freshly made, with quality ingredients, prepared in an elevated way---go here.  You won't regret it!  

The fajitas are fabulous---richly caramelized onions and finely julienned vegetables sizzled to that perfect, deeply tasteful point--done better than anywhere I've ever had before.  They have a ton of flavor!  Well-portioned, too.  I loved every bite, but took half home (we also had chips and guac as an appetizer).

I also tried the Kale Salad.  It was so delicious!!!  It was refreshing to get a good, clean tasting salad with fresh ingredients and nice textures at a Mexican restaurant, where salads are notoriously boring, use head lettuce, pink tomatoes and are loaded with gooey everything.  This salad was a wonderful change-- fresh, light, flavorful and satisfying---truly yummy.  

The guacamole is outstanding. So fresh---so delicious!  The salsas are also very good.  The Chili Arbol was our favorite---but the traditional salsa is also good.

One last thing that really sung was the Street Corn.  Ohhhh.... soooo delicious!  You just gotta try it.  Fabulously indulgent.

The manager, Daniel, came by to check in on us and the wait staff were excellent during both visits.  (Gigi and Molly)  The right amount of friendly and attentive.  I could tell that everyone there was proud of where they worked and genuinely cared that we had a great experience.  

At first, we hesitated coming as the reviews we read after it first opened were mixed.  At one point (my fault), I thought this was going to be like the "Modern Margarita," (another restaurant in the area that is essentially a night-club-posing-as-a-restaurant).  I was totally wrong.  Wish I hadn't waited so long to give it a try!

The atmosphere was  just right for us.  We are a couple in our early 40s-- we love high quality food and service, but we don't like stuffy, pretentious restaurants.  The area was previously loaded with the former.  Thank goodness places like Salt & Lime are starting to come to this area---realizing that you can have a beautiful restaurant that can pull off a modern rustic feel and make you feel comfortable and happy while having a great meal!  I love a place where you can wear jeans, but get top notch service and dining.

For a ton of reasons, we'll be back many times.  I'm already craving the guac, fajitas, and that kale salad again....  decisions....