If you want a life changing experience, the tacos from Tacos El Gordo will do that for you. Sinking your teeth in one of their succulent, flavorful, tacos will blow your mind. 

Tacos El Gordo is straight up authentic Mexican food at its finest. When it wasn't very dangerous to venture to Tijuana, MX, I would easily drive 10 minutes south and go to Tacos El Gordo to get my taco fix (also because it was cheaper than getting it 10 minutes north from where I lived in SD, in Chula Vista, CA :P).  As a SOUTH San Diego, CA native, and having experienced the many taco shops that saturate the SD area I've had to settle for OK Mexican tacos in Las Vegas, NV or even avoid considering tacos as an eating out option. I guarantee Tacos El Gordo is THE best tacos you'll find in town because it's seriously the best in SD and I find it an awesome relief that they brought the best to Las Vegas.  

Since I'm a carne asada fan, I've only had their carne asada tacos and tostadas. The flavor and spice of their carne asada is so delicious and they grill it to perfection! The employees here are just pros at grilling and flavoring the meats to perfection. My fiance is all about the pork adobada! He scafs down his order in a ridiculous amount of time; he'll finish 4 of those tacos faster than I can finish two.

Pros: the hours of operation--it's better than in San Diego! :P and it's authenticity is further accentuated because it is situated in a similar, run down area to that in South San Diego. Unlike other places where they tend to put less meat and more of the other items, Tacos El Gordo loads it up with lots of meat and a great balance of the toppings (onions/cillantro/guac etc.). Lastly, their red and green salsas are the s**t!!!! (tasty with the right amount of spice!)

Cons: far from where I live in Las Vegas and the prices are a little bit expensive than in San Diego but comparable to other taco/mexican food places in Las Vegas and they don't offer seafood options for those who crave shrimp or fish tacos as an alternative to the land animals.

Hope you anticipate spending most of your money toward this awesome goodness and turning into a TJ taco fiend. :)