This is an EXCELLENT Special Occasion Restaurant!  The atmosphere is fantastic and the food is divine.

I'll readily admit that I was shocked.  The average looking building in the middle of an unassuming neighborhood with a smaller than adequate sign almost blends in.  We drove past this place twice (with a GPS) before we finally realized where it was.

Patrons are greeted with a choice upon stepping up to the entry.  A single solid massive wooden door that leads to the main dining room or a stair case encased in stone that leads below to a very intimate wine cellar and bar.  Full menu is available at both so you can't go wrong.

Inside the main dining room the theme is black and dark, even at a 10:00 AM brunch I feel as though I was just transported to a late night speak easy in 1923.  Large plush U-Shaped booths line the outer wall with a center bar and kitchen area in the middle.

The dim mood lighting and dark walls took some time for my eyes to get use to.  I thought this was a perfect restaurant for vampires, dark and cool, without a single shred of sunlight.  Then our appetizer came - one huge fire roasted clove of elephant garlic with breads and peppers and cheese.  No vampires with in a quarter mile of this place for sure!  It was divine and a meal for 3 by itself.

Our early morning drinks were bloody-mary's and by far the best bloody-mary I've ever had.  They even come with a little 4oz mini beer of Stella Artrois and they drink like a meal.

The main course was every bit as good and seasoned for excellent flavor.  This isn't plain Sonoran Mexican Food.  It is billed as New Mexico Mexican Food but it seems to be a fusion of Cajun, Tex-Mex, Sonoran, and Mexi-Cali.

The food is fresh and smoky in a sultry and hot kind of way.  Portions are HUGE and the service is great.  Be prepared to split a meal and still take some home.

We gorged ourselves to the point that there was no room for dessert, but who cares.  This place is fantastic!  Definitely a "must-do" when you have company in from out of town, when you are celebrating, going on a date, popping the question, or looking to close a business deal.  Suggesting The Rokerij (pronounced RO-ker-ee) will impress your guests and show that you have both class and impeccable taste.