So, this trip to Las Vegas was essentially a post-deployment treat - one that I went on by myself as to get the freedom to do whatever the heck I wanted - including playing 20 straight hours of poker at the Wynn, which is the reason I found Tacos El Gordo - which I believe means Fat Tacos.

2 a.m., I drunk, walking down the street - just about the only tacos I was going to get to eat at that time was a real one - and I wasn't going to complain.

Stepping into Tacos El Gordo is to be transformed from Las Vegas to Tijuana - in fact, the owner says they are formerly from Tijuana, which I often visited as a kid. Dirty, scuzzy, and authentic - that's about the only things I can use to describe this place. 

Although there are about eight different types of tacos - each costing about $2.50, I opted for the stomach and tongue tacos - both culinary delights I'd learned to eat having grown up in Southern California.

In my best Spanish, which I failed both in college and high school, I ordered two of each, and an Horchata (a milky, cinnamon drink). The guy behind the counter looked at me with amusement, and in lightning speed, whipped up two of each. After paying for it all and putting a few bucks in the tip jar, I went to my seat only to be summoned back and given an extra side of meat. 

"Shoulders," he said. "Try it."

I tried it and instantly fell in love (the next day I came back and ordered more) - it was not only flavorful and full of spices, one could almost taste the nutty, meaty taste of the cow cheeks. I was in taco heaven.

Onto the tongue and stomach, however: stomach tastes exactly the way you'd expect it to - a bit slimy, but flavorful with a hint of bitterness. No worries - a bit of lime and salt takes away the flavor that you might not be used to. I quickly wolfed it down and then tried the tongue.

Subtly beefy - that's the only way I can describe it. Tender, moist, and full of flavors, it also packed a beefy flavor that no way in hell Taco Bell could deliver - new 100 percent meat be damned. It's also a light meat - that is, it's beef, but doesn't come with the heaviness that beef often is known for. It is, in a sense, as soft and gentle as a baby's sigh - heavenly goodness.

I washed it all down with the drink I mentioned - the sweetness cleaning my palate with each swallow, allowing me to go back to the tacos and tasting everything packed in it each time.

The next day, I went back for more. In fact, during my eight-day stay, I ate at Tacos El Gordo five times - each time leaving me satisfied, but also longing for more.

If you do go there, I recommend the tongue and the shoulder tacos. I also recommend the Horchata. What's more - get the little vegetables that are left to be eaten over a bed of ice. They are meant to cleanse your palate. Take a bite of it after each bite of the tacos (or if you're like me you shove the entire taco in your mouth), and I promise you'll be ranting and raving about this place, too.

Another note: do leave a tip. These people work really hard, and they do a good job serving. You're in Vegas - you're going to splurge anyway. Might as well make someone's day.