After passing by and passing over this place dozens of times, I finally was drawn here by a special event. Thank goodness.

Located at Tropicana and Topaz, Taco Tijuana is almost in the shadow of Taco y Taco. Arby's is the only other notable business in the plaza, which is accessible from westbound Tropicana or Topaz. I was surprised that they were already doing brisk business when I stepped in not long after 11am.

The ordering system is more practical than TyT and Tacos El Gordo. You pay for your tacos (or burritos, vampiros, etc.) at the register in the corner and take your slip to the cooks, where you can express your preferences (no jalapeño for me) and ask for semi-grilled onions (some raw parts still) and roasted peppers. Sliced radishes and limes, but no salsa bar, are on the side near the beverage dispensers. Prices are still $2 for most tacos (cheaper than TyT) and $2.25 for lengua, but for their "Taco Madness" event, they were just $1 (except for lengua, and they happened to be out of sesos).

I wanted to eat everything, so I tried the lengua anyway. It was a little spicier than everything else, but it was delicious. Suadero was up next, and while the tomato salsa was nice, the beef was a little too tough for my taste. Stick to Tacos El Gordo for suadero. I had to taste the al pastor (aka adobada) at that point, and while I forgot to ask about getting pineapple, it was still delicious with some crispy bites and balanced saltiness. I actually went back and tried it with pineapple, and it didn't change my opinion about it too much.

I finally arrived at the tripas, ordered extra crispy a la Nelson. Great crunch, a little chewy intestinal flavor in the middle. Next, the asada was delicious, with just one tortilla (that's apparently a normal thing for this specific meat), guacamole and a great char from the grill. Buche was in the same tomato salsa as the suadero, and while it wasn't too chewy, the flavor wasn't especially distinctive. Cabeza was last, and it was as delicious as any that I've had even though it didn't have the fatty bits that I'd hoped for. It has the same spicier green salsa as the lengua, but my taste buds were a little numb by this point.

Not only was the ordering system easy and the food delicious, but the employees were really nice. The cashier offered to bring my food to my table, and one of the cooks wrapped my leftovers in foil and even threw in more onions. I could see myself eating everything again except the suadero, and I'll probably return here for my next taco fix.