La Condesa Gourmet Taco Shop 

After a long break from Yelp, I knew that eventually I would find myself in a situation where I could no longer hold my tongue, and my need to share would overpower my desire to remain silent. La Condesa GTS created just that situation. 

I entered this space wound tighter than a spring ready to pop. Surely there could be no way that it could meet the lofty expectations set forth by my fellow yelper's reviews. But there is something very pure about this place, and as I stepped through the over-sized wood door, I knew this southwest girl was home. 

The best way I can describe the atmosphere is Southwestern Minimalist. Monique H was dead on with her praises for the artwork - The Blue Demon (long live Alejandro Muñoz Moreno) proudly intermingles with Diego and Frida and the acid treated floors feel natural. I also liked that this is clearly a community effort, with the art work provided by two exceptional Mexican artists (Manuel Gilavalos y Garcia and Ricardo Ramirez) and the furniture/décor provided by Bellas Artes de Mexico. I love that there is already a partnership, holding this little gem up until it can take flight. 

The food is clean. The flavors crisp. The portions more than adequate, and the prices less than I would expect to pay for such quality. Most selections can come in the form of a taco, a quesadilla, or a burro, although there are one or two additional options under both the quesadilla and burro menus. Each flavor combination is clearly described and in a handful of situations, there are salsa suggestions outlined on the out of this world salsa bar. The best way I can describe this is to think of a wine pairing with a food that will make flavors pop... in other words, just try it because the sum of the parts is way better than the individual components! 

The Mayan Conchita Pibil and the Oaxacan Black Mole Chicken are two of the finest examples I've had of either. Both are mouth wateringly moist and fairly melt. I would suggest the Peanut or Mexican salsa as additional choices for the MCP for the spicy recommended habanera. The guacamole and cilantro salsas were both mild choices and if the mole were not already a mouthful of perfection, might be the additional layer of flavors that bring you to the tipping point. Personally, I found the pickled onions severed atop with some of the Jicama salsa, tossed in for a little crunch, just enough to make my eyes roll back in to my head. I mean seriously, if I could wiggle around naked in this stuff, it would be a really good night! The Aztec Tinga is deceptively simple. Your first bite may seem relatively ordinary, but then start the countdown. Within a few seconds, the flavors hit you like a wall of emotion. Your lips and tongue begin to tingle with the heat of the perfectly balanced peppers. My BIL has tried the Sonoran Carne Asada and was unusually quiet as he made his way through his plate, so I have to assume that was good as well. Finish things up with those out of the world beans, or some of the grilled Mexican Calabacitas and a meal just can't get much better. 

So much has already been said about the iconic salsa bar, there really isn't much I can add, except to say, try them all! You will find two or three that send you to your happy place. 

The staff was super friendly and more than ready to answer questions or make suggestions. It's an order at the counter and take-a-number kind of place, but you can generally expect several service passes through the dining room. 

My only cautions / suggestions would be to grab a takeout menu so you don't have to stand and look at the wall menu with your mouth gaping like a cod fish and be prepared to park along Palm if the street inset parking area is full. 

This is my new love. I will definitely be adding this in to the regular rotation. At a dinner plate with drink running you between 8 and 9 dollars (with enough food to make two decent sized meals) this is one indulgence I can fit in to my life with little or no rationalizing. Please take the time to check this place out and support yet another wonderful family owned business. Look around when you come in, because I may be joining Joel L on one of his weekly visits. : )