This is easily my favorite Mexican restaurant.  I have eaten here so often that this review won't scratch the surface.  Instead, I'll concentrate on the items I have eaten in the recent past: the Molcajete de Mariscos & Pastel de Tres Leches.

Molcajete de Mariscos, served spicy -  Lobster, clams, shrimp, mussels, & fish in a special sauce, white arroz poblano (rice, peppers, & cheese casserole ).  Served in a hot Molcajete (three-legged round bowl, which has been carved out of basalt).  The seafood was all perfectly cooked, the broth was spicy but not too hot.  The broth was flavored of roasted peppers, tomatoes, & seafood broth (not fishy).  The arroz served as a balance to the bold flavors of the broth but very tasty in its own right.  Something that impressed me was the white fish being flaky, the shellfish being tender, not rubbery, and the lobster meat being easy to pull out of tail, but not overcooked.  I highly recommend this dish

Pastel de Tres Leches - A very moist desert cake topped with citrus & whipped cream.  I am not a great lover of cake, but this is sublime.  Moist & flavorful, Leticia also infuses some type of cordial or liquor in the cake.  The flavor is creamy with a mild citrus flavor.  If you're a choc-o-holic, maybe you should look elsewhere, but, I consider this a great desert.

Standard Margarita - Buy them by the pitcher, on the rocks.  They put the ice in your glass and the pitcher remains un-diluted.  Every drink is good with their perfect proportions and better than average tequila.  The Cadillac Margarita is expensive, but excellent.

The only problem I ever have at Leticia's has been service.  Since I am a regular, that typically isn't a problem, so I may not be the best to assess their service.  Regardless, the staff is always warm & friendly with many regulars, and very friendly regulars at the bar.  

Of special note: During warmer months on Mondays, street tacos are available in front, on the corner of Norman Rockwell & Farm Road.  Reduced price and, in my opinion, even better flavor.  On Saturday nights, after 8, there is karaoke in the bar area. Gustavo (restaurant partner) typically sings and gently cajoles the regulars into giving it a go. Very fun.
 
The restaurant itself is very clean and is in the location that was previously Joey's Seafood Only.  Parking is generous with street parking on Norman Rockwell and a well lit parking lot behind the restaurant.

That's all for now!