Recently tried Braddah's Island style for lunch with my wife. All i can say is fantastic food!!. Located on Rainbow and Sahara next to McDonalds. Why so many people stuff down nasty Mickey D's when all this fresh goodness is right next door for the same price is beyond me.
The building is very tastefully done. Nice seating area on the patio outside, and very bright and inviting on the inside. I love the old airline posters of Hawaii hanging on the wall, and the old Elvis music was relaxing just like you were in Hawaii for real . We were very warmly greeted by the employees with a friendly Aloha. Forgive me that i forgot to get any of their names, but they were all so friendly. What a nice change of pace to have such nice customer service. Since it was our first time, they offered us free samples of the Kalua Pork and the Huli Huli chicken. both delicious and full of flavor.
The ordering line is basically set up like a Chipotle if you are familiar with them.
FIRST: pick from either a burrito, rice bowl, or 3 taco option.
SECOND: pick you're meat. Kalua Pig, Huli Huli Chicken, Pulehu Steak, Grilled Veggies or Grilled Fish.
THIRD: Pick your toppings: Black Beans, Grilled veggies with green onions, Seaweed rice, lettuce, cabbage etc.
FOURTH: Salsa Time: Charred Pineapple Verde(very mild,) Mango and Roasted Corn (delicious) and Tomato with Grilled Maui Onion. (Medium).
LAST STEP: a few additional toppings such as cheese, sour cream, guacamole, jalapeno's, limes.
NOTE: additional toppings do cost extra, so keep that in mind when building your meal.

My wife ended up getting the rice bowl, which was a really good size portion. She paired that with Huli Huli Chicken which is so delicious. She put on various toppings such as lettuce, cheese, and got the Salsas in a couple of small containers so she could put the right amount on herself. I can't remember what else she got because i was so involved with my order. Total tunnel vision lol. I went with the 3 taco option so i could try a few of the meats. I opted for the soft shell and got the Kalua Pig, Huli Huli Chicken, and The Pulehu steak. The Chicken is grilled and flavorful, the Pig is declious and juicy, and the Steak has a sort of sweet unique flavor like i have never had. i loaded them up so much, she could barely fold the tortilla. The food is flat out delicious and above all so very fresh, like you would make at home if you knew how lol. And whatever you do, don't forget the coconut bark for dessert. A sort of Hawaiian smore's concoction?? I don't know but it was ridunkulessly good. Nice piece of chocolate with shaved coconut on top, kind of a graham cracker?? in the middle and a salty caramel bottom. The salty evens out the sweet chocolate, and will turn you immediately into a crack-head for this stuff wanting to take a couple pounds home to stash for later.

Overall can't say enough good things about this new restaurant. Excellent food, customer service, and ambience. We will be back again for sure!!. give it a try, and you will be so glad you did!!!! Mahalo and Aloha