I loved it! It's kind of an interesting place with a very relaxed and casual atmosphere, but I had an excellent experience with the food and service, and will definitely go back next time I visit Phoenix. 

I ordered the green chili burrito with carne adovada and double beans instead of rice. The carne adovada was incredible! The flavor was rich and nicely spiced with a delightful smoked flavor and a touch of heat. I live in Arizona and love heat, so it might be too spicy for some, but I thought it was perfect. The sheer size of the burrito was more than I could eat and I barely touched my beans, but I finished all of the carne adovada. In addition to its flavor, the meat is incredibly tender and melts in your mouth. The tortilla was delicious as well. Tortillas are easy to come by, but it's sometimes difficult to find a tortilla that holds up to the moisture of a burrito without being too stiff. These tortillas were incredible. It didn't get soggy nor was it hard and chewy on the ends. I am thoroughly impressed with this dish and highly recommend. 

For dessert I opted for something light because I was so full, but couldn't pass up the dessert menu deliciousness. I chose the flan with prickly pear sauce. The flan was wonderful! Creamy and fruity sweet with a bit of tang. If you've never had prickly pear, you have to give it a try. The combination of the custard flan and fruity prickly pear is a tantalizing combination. 

The service was fantastic too! Our server was new, so he and another server were both helping us. We never wanted for anything and the food was delivered incredibly fast and piping hot. The whole staff, at least who we encountered, was very friendly and helpful! 

My son and I were even impressed with the chicken tenders and fries. The fries were crispy in the outside but nice and soft on the inside with a nice spices exterior, but not too spicy for kids (I have a very picky 4-year old). The chicken tenders were large, crispy and lots of nicely cooked white meat, not too greasy.