Definitely a fan of this place after subconsciously avoiding it for years. I mean I drove by it with curiosity several times but could not wrap my mind around Asian-Mexican-Caribbean fusion..  It's also in an old unassuming strip-mall north of the busy 19th ave and Greenway intersection.  In fact some people who I trust told me it was so so or not their "cup of tea".  A colleague/work friend mentioned it last week and said she always wanted to try it.  We decided to head down at lunch time(about 11am) and there were already people gathered around the door which was a good hint about the food.  Once inside I noticed that it was not really that impressive with very basic tables and chairs and not much in the way of decor.  A nice young lady at the "ordering station" caught me up to speed on how to fill out the order card which got my mind wondering about all of the various combinations you can have.  She also let me know about making an item into a burrito or a quesadilla.  I played it safeand ordered the Jade Red Chicken-Emerald Chicken combo with chicken fried rice and refried beans.  The Jade Red Chicken was fried and glazed  in a sweet and spicy sauce. Pretty much comfort food at it's best.  It had just enough crunch to go away with the great flavor.   The Emerald Chicken was a tender grilled chicken dish prepared with green onions and a ginger sauce.  Amazingly different than my other item yet it seemed to go well with the rice and beans.  As we began to finish our lunches(quite fast I might add), we all began acknowledging that it was really pretty good and you could not beat the prices. All of our entrees were under $10 which is cheap these days.  All and all I was very impressed and cannot wait to get back up there and try the jerk chicken, quesadilla, and chile relleno.  Overall I was not super impressed with the aesthetics of the restaurant but that does not seem to be the point of this place..  I can see how some would not like it because it is a little different but it definitely appealed to the taste buds and a place I would recommend to anyone.  Just don't expect a fancy joint!