We were very excited to try Verde.  But after reading the reviews, we were also a bit afraid.  I don't want to spend an hour anywhere waiting for my meal.  

We decided it was best to go with a 5 o'clock reservation.  We were seated right away by a window in front.  After about 5 seconds I was freezing, so we asked to be moved to the back wall banquet.

BJ got a Great Lakes Xmas ale and I got a Baja Eden margarita at the recommendation of our super perky server Squidgette.  "It's sweet and delicious and the presentation is beautiful.  It's served in a wine glass with a beautiful flower".  It was a concoction of passion fruit and pomegranate.  While yummy,  I was expecting more volume than a 1/2 inch in the bottom of my glass.  Keep your orchid blossom, I want alcohol. 

First up was the green tomatillo salsa and chips.  Some of the chips were a little greasy, but we managed to clean them right up.  We also got a side of guacamole which was decent, just a little bland.  We also shared the elotes appetizer, which was very good.  But my bf laughed about paying $5 for a cob of corn.  Moving on to our meals....

BJ got the tacos de pescado.  The fish of the day was mahi mahi.  He thought the tacos were nice and so were the accompanying red rice and black beans.  I inquired about the pozole verde and was advised that the serving size was 20 ounces, (yes, I am checking on portion sizes from now on after the smidgen of margarita I received).  My stew was packed full of delicious pork, but I thought the hominy was a bit over cooked.  I also could not finish the entire serving.  Wish I could say that about my margarita!

We always like dessert.  I mean I always like dessert and BJ is kind enough to share.  We opted for the tres leches bread pudding.  I thought it was yummy, but BJ could only taste 2 leches.  Ha ha.   I thought it could have benefited from some fresh fruit, maybe a sliced strawberry or a couple blueberries on the side.  Tres leches is always served with fresh fruit.  Raisins don't cut it.

All in all, it was a nice meal.  And we were very happy to be in and out of there in less than an hour and a half.