Got a chance to check this place out on Saturday and it was actually the first time I had even heard of it.  They were still in their "soft opening" phase so based on my personal experience they have a few kinks to work out.  

This place could have easily received 1 star were it not for their save at the end of the night.  So here's an account of the experience.

Our group had 5 people and the tables were completely reserved for the night so we were lucky to find place at the bar.  No worries - we can adapt.  

We put in our drink orders, I had the white sangria - it was ok, I've had better, and I think the waitress was having trouble with what was supposed to go into it b/c she kept reading the ingredients from the menu which was worrying me a bit.  But whatevs, it's alcohol and it wasn't undrinkable.  

Then we put in our appetizer order and entree orders all at once.  The appetizers came out in a timely fashion.  

As an appetizer we got chips and all their types of salsa and I got to try the guac.  The chips were hit or miss, there were some chips that were soggy b/c they weren't cooked through and some that were cooked to perfection.  I was trying to get a system in place to figure out which chips were crispy before diving in - no luck - it seemed to be random.  Well I will say the white chips had a higher probability of being soggy than the yellow chips.

The salsa in the order that I enjoyed them was salsa fresca, spicy chipotle, and then the green tomatillo salsa.  I was really disappointed int he guacamole - it was missing a kick.  We discussed and came to the conclusion that it needed more lime and cilantro - I'd be all for adding in more spice!

We ordered the elotes (char-grilled corn) - it's about 1/2 a piece of corn on the cob served on a skewer with some sauce and other good stuff on it.  Talk about delish!  It was a high point in the evening.

So now for the swift decline...there was about 1 1/2 - 2 hours between when we got our appetizer to when we got the entrees we ordered.  I'm not exactly sure what was happening b/c we mentioned it a few times and it seemed like they were confused as well.  Lucky for us none of us were ravenously hungry, but talk about ridiculous.  On top of that our waitress at the bar seemed disinterested in us.  She was all talk and smiles with the couple next to us, but when our group asked questions or wanted to know information about the specials during the week - she just seemed indifferent or wouldn't really provide us with relevant information.  It was weird.  

I ordered the Chiles Rellenos as an entree and although it took forever to come out, the taste was fantastic.  

Due to the lackluster service and the epic wait between apps and entrees, I was ready to write this place off and throw a token 1-star rating its way.  But when it was time to get our check and head out we were told that they'd take care of it and that they apologize for the wait and that it's been comped.  

This is where I felt like they came through.  A restaurant isn't only about great food, it's about great service as well.  And it was fair to at least take care of our entrees b/c of the wait but the fact that they took care of the apps and drinks was definitely a plus and helped redeem Verde at the end of the night.

I hope that when they legitimately open they take care of all these issues b/c fool me once shame on me, fool me twice, I'm not coming back.