Verde-from the outside, everything about it screams "must try!"  When you walk in, you think you are in the hottest restaurant in NYC where you are begging for a seat.  Only there are open tables galore and you stand there staring at an incompetent host AND hostess.  We went twice.  Once without reservations, once with them.  Both times we waited.  Both times there were at least 10 open tables.  Both times the host and hostess were about as friendly as a dead person.  Trust your gut instinct in turning around and leaving if the front of the house is any indication on what is about to come your way.

We ordered alcohol and probably would have enjoyed ourselves more had we been afforded the opportunity to get drunk.  But unfortunately our server was too busy to ask us if we wanted more drinks.  Can you imagine?  A place that has a bigger alcohol menu than food menu NOT asking you for more drinks is like going to Pizza Hut and them asking you if you want a salad.  In fact, we never saw the waiter after placing our order again until our food was delivered.  It's fine considering he had no personality.  A tall skinny guy.  A short haired pierced lip woman delivered our food and was WAY more friendly than he ever was. 

We ordered the tableside Guacamole that mentions choosing your own ingredients.  We ask the waiter about it, after being made to feel stupid for asking, our guac is delivered already prepared.  I think they do this because they don't want you to see the amount of salt they pour into this.  I now know what it feels like to lick a salt block. At least they didn't mess up the red rice we ordered.   On the ONE positive of the visit, the "generous" free chips and salsa (rolling my eyes) they provide were quite tasty.  

I will likely never give this place another chance.  It's overpriced for below average food and poor service.  It's really said because it seems like there could be so much potential here.  A complete overhaul of the front of the house and most of the wait staff would be needed.