Verde is a super cool, modern, funky Mexican inspired restaurant in the Garfield neighborhood. The decor is sleek yet comfortable. The unique wall murals are colorful and inspired. There is outdoor seating with a garage style door leading outside and letting the breeze blow inwards. If I was rating Verde on decor and ambience alone, this would be a 5 star review.

Verde boasts that they have the largest tequila selection in all of Pennsylvania. I have no idea if that's true or not, but I can tell you the tequila menu is beyond extensive. They have creative and yummy cocktails and the bartenders are quite skilled.  The house margaritas are among the best I've tasted. On my last visit to Verde I discovered the Black Rose craft cocktail, which contains blanco, Red Star Kombucha, blackberry, lime and a sprig of rosemary. I'm not a big drinker, but this is one incredible drink. A must try, I dare say. If I was rating Verde on drinks alone, this would be a 4.5-5 star review.

But a girl's gotta eat. I was excited to try some of the vegetarian offerings listed on The Verde menu. My first visit both my wife and I got the Yukon Gold potato tacos, and I remember liking them. Not the best I've ever had, but what they lacked was mostly made up for by the side of spicy rice and beans. Plus they come upright in a really fun taco type holder, which I've never seen elsewhere (and I looooove tacos). This past visit to Verde we were excited to branch out and try different vegetarian dishes, as we had looked online before heading out to see the menu had changed slightly. The potato tacos were no longer offered, now instead there were tempeh tacos in that slot. Sounded good, with veggies and a tomatillo salsa. Count me in. There are only two other vegetarian entrees to choose from currently, and when given the choice between enchiladas and tacos, tacos always win. Well, these weren't great. Adjectives that come to mind are "edible", "bland" and "boring". I was hoping for so much more! We decided that even though the tacos weren't winners that we would try dessert. We ordered the sopapillas, which sounded great in the description. What could be bad about fried dough with cinnamon sugar, guava infused honey and chocolate cherry ice cream? Well, again, they weren't bad, but even in my slightly tipsy state where everything should taste amazing, these didn't deliver. The dough was over fried, the ice cream had almost no detection of the chocolate and cherry favors I was promised. And for sharing for two people, I thought the portion size was small for the price and the underwhelming nature of what we got. 

You go out to eat for a variety of reasons, but I always want to be wowed by the food, as well as the overall experience. I'm not wowed by the food at Verde. Sure, I like the ambience, the cocktails, and in my experience the service has been ok. But will any of these things make me rush back to Verde for the food? I'm not so sure.