A Tuesday evening with two others...we wanted to take advantage of the Restaurant week menu. For $25 you had a choice of appetizer, entree, and dessert. The choices were not slim pickens and even included a beef entree (I find most Restaurant Week menus tend to steer a way from beef and offer only chicken, fish, etc.).

The place was full so we headed to nicely lit bar  with two smiling female bartenders to take our drink orders. There was a 40 minute wait so we started off with chips, guacamole until a table for three became available. After 30 minutes and filling up on the chips, we decided to eat at the bar. We all chose the Restaurant Week menu special. I ordered the Mac'n Cheese "MACCARONES Y QUESO", Mexican "Mac n Cheese," jalapeno, pepita-cornmeal crust, chorizo or bacon. My colleagues ordered the CODZITOS, Fried ta.quitos with sweet potatoes and escarole, salsa roja, queso fresco. Both very good and very filling, particularly the mac'n cheese presented in small cast iron skillet. Very cheesy ad fantastic. Could have been an entree for me.

Our entrees were the CARNE ASADA, Grilled tequila-marinated steak, chimichurri, sweet potato, crispy onion. And, TAMALES DE PAVO, Citrus-brined turkey and masa steamed in corn husks, mango-jalapeno BBQ sauce. The Carne Asada really upstaged the Tamales. Very flavorful and filling. The presentation with sweet potato wedges and onion rings was very "cool".  Even the  clear glass, square plates were warm.

The desserts TORTA DE RON, Traditional Mexican rum cake with Flor de Caña; and 
TRES LECHES PUDÍN DE PAN, Chocolate bread pudding, caramelized almonds, espresso cream were delicious but frankly, we couldn't finish either. My favorite was the rum cake. It's in my fridge for movie night in my living room. :-)

The drink menu was limited but I was impressed by the featured Malbec. My colleagues participated in the Nescal flight with sangrita.  Check times were a slow, more than 20 minutes for entrees and dessert but nothing to bitch about. It was a good experience with tasty, flavorful and awesomely presented food, pleasant staff, and average service (check times can be improved). I will definitely return.