Every person who drinks has a tequila tale that is as unfortunate as a Faulkner novel.  Whether you unwisely entered into a shot contest, or tried to power down a third Big Azz margarita at Mad Mex, they all have a pretty familiar ending.  Pittsburgh has been a beer-centric town for as long as I can remember, and a plastic bottle of tequila sitting on a table at a party was a terrible omen.

Enter Verde.

Verde is a high end Mezcal and Tequila bar, which seems like a hard sell in a town where 65% of the drinking population thinks that a team jersey counts for formal wear, and jean shorts are never completely out of the question.  

I had really only planned to have beer when we first came here.

But those beautiful bottles on the wall.  Oh so many shapes and colors.  They beckoned like shiny little Sirens of excess.  Asking the bartender about her preferred drink triggered an enlightening and fun conversation that was more informative than any conversation I've had at a bar.  My friend had lived in Arizona for several years before returning to Pittsburgh, and he, along with the bar manager persuaded me to try a specially selected Mezcal flight.  And what happened next was unlike anything I have ever experienced on a night where Tequila was involved.  Mainly, my pants remained on, but also, I found that tequila doesn't have to be a wincing, gag inducing test of manhood.  

The flight consists of a little board with 4 samples of various tequilas, with a little tomato juice to cleanse the palate.  They apparently have a variety of nights where you can learn about the various tequila and mezcal options, and try them at discounted rates.  

Ok, wrapping it up.  This place is very nice and all, but the bartenders are the anchor that will keep this place going.  It's a beautiful space that has been increasingly crowded every time I've been.  I'm excited to see how it evolves over the next year.  Will it blossom into it's own Agave plant, or will it become another Senor Frogs?  I'll let you know.