I have heard a lot about Verde so when we were hungry after our event at the Pittsburgh Glass Center it was the perfect opportunity to finally try it out.

We only had the opportunity to try the lunch menu, so I may update the review if I make a return visit.  The lunch menu is extremely limited.    There were about five taco options and a burrito.  There were also limited appetizers and add ons.  

The reason my rating is three and not four stars was the service.  The place was almost empty and there were plenty of staff milling about.  They seated us but it took a while before they brought the menus.  Then it was quite a while before they came and took our order.  The manager even came over and asked if we had seen our waitress recently because we still had our menus.  Then the server came back twice.  The first time to ask us what we had ordered because they couldn't remember and the second time to tell me they were out of what I ordered.  It almost seemed like we were bothering them by our presence or were keeping them from a break.  

We started the meal with the chips and salsa.  We chose the spicy chipolte and it was fantastic.  They weren't kidding about the spice.  It was something that hit you a minute after you bit in, not right as you ate it.  It was nice that it had a bite but still had a lot of flavor.  

Both of us ordered a drink.  He tried the Casa Verde Margarita and I tried the El Jefe.  They were both tasty (and strong), but for the tiny glass we got the prices seemed a bit steep.  We both preferred the sweeter flavor of the El Jefe.

I tried to order the Barbacoa and Hongos tacos, but they were out of both of them the day we visited.  Instead I opted for the Chorizo and camarones tacos on the corn tortillas.  My husband tried the burrito special.    The only thing I didn't like was the texture of the corn tortilla.  I've had corn tortillas before that had better taste and texture.  These were gritty and crumbly.  It didn't take away from the flavor of the contents, though.  I LOVED the chorizo taco.  It was the perfect amount of flavor.  I could have eaten several of them.  The Camarones had chipotle shrimp and lime mayo.  I ordered it without the pico since I'm not a huge tomato fan.  I also enjoyed this one and it was loaded with more shrimp then I expected.  My husband was content with the size and flavor of the burrito but was surprised to find there were several mushrooms in the burrito when there was no mention of mushrooms on the menu.  Be aware that the "roasted vegetables" may include mushrooms.  I would say it is an odd choice for a burrito, but I know Verde tends to do things differently.

We had contemplated dessert but in the interest of time and budget, we passed although the bread pudding sounded and looked great.

Overall, we enjoyed our food and left happy and satisfied.  However, between the price and fairly poor service, it may be a while before we are back.