I've been wanting to pay a visit to Verde for a long while now, and I finally had the opportunity to do so for a (pre-) Valentine's dinner last night, when CM and I were in the vicinity for a make-it-now event across the street at the Pittsburgh Glass Center. Never having tried "modern American Mexican" before, I wasn't quite sure what to expect, but I was quite favorably impressed with the flavors and preparation.

Because I'd heard so much about the tequila selection, CM and I started off by ordering the featured tequila sampler of the week--tres generaciones ($8)--which consisted of shots of blanco, reposado, and anejo tequilas, as well as sangria.  Despite that these were tequila shots, CM and I split them, and I'm glad that we did, given their strength!  Even the first one (blanco) was stronger than I expected, and CM felt quite tipsy after downing the remainder of the second one (reposado) after I took a sip.  While all of them were good, my favorite was the third (anejo), due to the complexity and depth of its flavor.  Even the sangria was delicious and well-balanced, making for a great palate cleanser.

As our appetizer, CM and I split an order of chips and salsa with the trio of salsas, which consisted of salsa roja, salsa verde, and pico de gallo ($8).  The red and green salsas were addictive, to the point that I kept munching on them throughout--and after--the meal.  While the pico was fresh, it wasn't as flavorful or complex as the other salsas, but it certainly wasn't bad, either.  The chips were quite good in their own right, too.  This would definitely make a great appetizer to munch on for people just coming for a drink, as well.

For our entree, CM and I split the family style tacos ($29), which comes with ingredients for six tacos. We chose pescado and carnitas as our proteins and a mix of corn and flour tortillas.  All of the ingredients were fresh and delicious, with a great blend of flavors.  I preferred the fish slightly due to its crisp exterior and light and flaky interior, but the carnitas were pretty good, as well.  I was also pleased with the veggies and beans and rice that came with it, which were cooked well.  The only thing that surprised me was that some of the usual accoutrements for tacos (cheese, sour cream, guac, salsa, etc.) were missing.  This wasn't too much of a problem, though, since the ingredients of the tacos stood on their own, and I was able to add some of the salsas that came with the chips to them.  The only thing that struck me as strange was the spiciness of my first taco, but this turned out to be my own fault, due to having added too much Tabasco sauce (my other tacos, which I didn't add Tabasco to, didn't have this problem!).

My only substantive criticism is that the service wasn't very attentive, esp. after our food was delivered.  Our waitress didn't come by for at least half an hour after that to ask how the food was or fill our waters.  Several more parties did come in around that time, so she was likely busy attending to them, but it certainly would have been nice not to have to refill my own water glass (luckily, the pitcher was located right next to our table).

Overall, I was quite pleased with my (pre-) Valentine's Day meal at Verde.  Sure, it's not the most "authentic" Mexican food in PGH (if you're seeking authentic, I'd recommend Casa Reyna or La Palapa), but it's excellent fusion cuisine.  I'd definitely return for the delicious, creative food and classy atmosphere--and to try some of their other drinks, such as a margarita, my favorite tequila-based cocktail!