Eight of us went to Verde back in December to celebrate a friend's birthday.  We'd all heard great things and were really looking forward to it.  Unfortunately, as much as I wanted to love this place, I can't recommend it to others. 

First, the service was absolutely terrible.  We had an early-ish reservation on a Saturday night and when we arrived the restaurant was a little less than 50% full.  After we all trickled in and had a drink at the bar, we were seated at our table.  After about 20 minutes with no waiter greeting us or taking a drink order, we finally got up and asked someone who appeared to be the manager if he could help us.   He was very nice and had a waiter attend to us right away.  Rather than be apologetic, this waiter proceeded to have a attitude with us all night.  

We finally ordered a few pitchers of drinks that came out very slowly, one by one.  Pitchers were initially dropped off without enough glasses for everyone and we had to get up and ask the manager-guy for help again.  The same happened when we ordered our food -- it trickled out slowly, with some people nearly finishing their meals before the last plate was delivered.  The service was truly terrible, so I'll stop here, but really could go on quite a while with many additional examples.

The food and drink menu was truly amazing and we all couldn't wait to eat.  The drinks were all delicious.  The general feeling around the table is that the food was all over salted but still okay, with one exception:  Three of us ordered the Enchiladas de Verduras -- a vegetarian enchilada made with swiss chard and a variety of other veggies.  Although the flavor was delicious, we were all convinced that the kitchen had forgotten to wash the swiss chard.  With every bite, we were grinding sand or dirt or something in our teeth -- kind of like what happens when you eat a sandwich at the beach on a windy day.  Although I tried to ignore it, I finally had to give up on my meal.  The same is true for my two other friends.  When we mentioned it to the waiter, he shrugged and said he'd mention it to the kitchen.  Although all three of our meals were only partially eaten, he did not offer to remove from our bill or bring a free alternative.

I wish I'd loved this place because the menu was amazing, but I can't in good conscious recommend given my experience.