Best Mexican I've had in Pittsburgh so far.  I've been here twice so far and everything seems very fresh and is prepared well and there are some interesting items on the menu.  The guacamole is awesome and made fresh and the chips taste as though they are made on site as well.  Service has always been very fast.  Good happy hour specials.  Their beer selection is limited but their sangria and margaritas are very nice.  When the weather is nice their patio is a really nice area with plenty of seating.  Inside there is a bar area and a separate area with tables with an interesting decor.  They also have random movies with no sound playing in the background.

UPDATE:  Unfortunately I'm going to have to update this and remove a couple of stars. I really loved this place the first two times I went but the 3rd time was really disappointing.  They really shortened their menu quite a bit and got rid of the tamales which were my favorite :(  Also the chips and salsa were no longer complimentary and they charged me double when I asked for a refill on the salsa when we had extra chips! And the guac was not as flavorful as I remembered it.  The meatballs I ordered were supposed to come with some kind of queso but that was no where to be seen and my order came out 15 min after my friend's order.  And these $8 meatballs were basically 3 meatballs on a skillet with no sides or anything with it.  And the drink prices were really reasonable when I came before during happy hour when I had a $4 sangria, but at the almost $7 paid at their regular price when the sangria is super tiny with tons of ice and very weak (although tasty) it just wasn't worth it.  Also their beer list seems to have decreased.  The server was attentive despite the orders coming out very far apart so I don't think that was her fault.  I think for those commenting on the service, it's much better in the back room where most of the tables are rather than in that area with a few tables around the bar in the front room.