What can I possible say about Round Corner Cantina that hasn't been said already? Guess we will see!
I love tacos, so obviously a place that serves nothing but tacos, and tacos done right, is very appealing to me. The outside of the building is really cute, quintessential Lawrenceville, and it literally has a rounded corner. Thanks, Captain Obvious! From the outside of this brick building, you'd never guess they had quite the substantial outdoor courtyard that they do, but on a warm day it's an ideal place to sit and enjoy one of those margaritas. The La Cantina margarita is outstanding, there doesn't seem to be a reason to order anything else (although there are many spirit options!),  and there's just something comforting about drinking tequila from a mason jar. Maybe it's me. 
The guacamole is really fantastic and fresh, and you get a huge portion of it for $5. The chips are a bit on the greasy side, but it's obvious they are made fresh daily, and usually by this point I'm down half a margarita at least and don't care quite as much. The chunky pico de gallo is really quite good as well. 
There are two vegetarian options on the taco menu, the tacos de seitan and the tacos de rajas con papas. The latter have poblano peppers, cooked potatoes, corn, the fantastic chihuahua cheese, cilantro, and RADISHES. I can't stress how much I enjoy radishes on my tacos. I had no idea I was missing this from my life/taco repertoire until I visited Round Corner Cantina. The seitan tacos also have radishes(!), a refreshing avocado salsa, stewed onions, and the seitan is prepared in this spicy-ish sauce that I could put on my cereal. I've never had seitan prepared so expertly. Even if you aren't a vegetarian, you owe it to yourself to try these tasty little numbers.
The service has always been decent, kind of slow, but not terrible. Also, if you had never been here before, you'd walk in and just think this place was a small bar. You have to walk past the bar and around a corner to find the dining room and patio, it looks like you are heading to the bathroom, it isn't obvious. The plate size that the tacos come on I also find to be a bit curious, as it is barely big enough for the two tacos that come with your order, which makes things a bit messy. But maybe that's just me. None of these things could ever stop me from craving that seitan taco. With radishes!