I have been waiting for this place to open... So, the husband and I finally checked it out tonight. I will say that it wasn't horrible but wasn't GREAT! At first it started out wonderful, as everyone was pleasant and greeted us when we came in. Ordered our food, once again, no problems. 

We ordered some oysters as an app and they were delicious and tasted fresh. This is when the problems started...so our waiter brings our daughters food out and is like "is there anything else?" And we kind of look at him like "yeah, our food.." After a minute of the weird looks he is all "your tacos....WILL BE RIGHT UP!" And he made this face like "oh shit, I forgot." So, we waited and waited and waited.... about  an additional 20 minutes while everyone who got here after us, got served their food before us. Word to the wise.. I am much cooler if you would have told us. We get it, you just opened, we would cut you some slack, if you gave us the chance. 

So, the sun is going down at this point and someone needs to tell them that when the sun starts to set YOU TURN OFF THE MISTERS. It gets cold and wet as opposed to nice like when the sun is up. I heard many people around us complaining about the misters, as well. Also, I don't know if there was some kind of mix up with the servers but we watched two different sets of people get totally forgot about at a table near us. The first couple just straight up left, while we had to sit and listen ( we saw more than one bus boy notice this situation... um hello DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT) to the second set of people complain about the poor service.

By now, we have just got our food and the tacos were good. I got the shrimp tacos and husband got mahi mahi tacos. Neither of us had any complaints about the food. My shrimps were large and cooked great. My daughter got the popcorn shrimp and that was actually really good, very pleasantly surprised. Next, we tried to pay and that took about about 10 minutes to get our check back after our waiter took our card...I don't get why that took so long!? Go run the card and come back.

So, all in all, the food was good. The service just needs some help. My husband said it best, they need an on-duty aware manager (which they did not appear to have) to make sure tables aren't forgot, turn off misters..etc. So..hopefully they see this and use it as constructive criticism because I really did like the ambiance and food..just with a few hitches. But, we will be back. I'm going to give it a few weeks and try again since the food was good.