"Beer is proof that God loves man, and wants him to be happy" - Benjamin Franklin. I'm not personally religious.. spiritual maybe? But if there is a higher power I would add that beer and Mexican food is the proof. For me this is the ultimate in comfort food. There is nothing that a cheesy greasy plate of Mexican food cant fix... or at least soften the blow.

Over the past months I have subjected myself to countless mediocre mexican experiences. My favorite senoran Mexican place for years has been Carlos O'Briens. I know there HAS to be somewhere out there as good or better. So far its been a disappointing adventure, I have found a few places that had single better items.

Finally I feel as if all these wasted calories finally paid off. Los Compadres.. You have given me hope that I will find what I'm looking for. I walked out of there stuffed, with money left in my wallet, and a big smile on my face. With a few small improvements you would be my new favorite Mexican place.

Chips/Salsa:
The salsa was great.. It was a slightly chunkier version of the taco sauce you usually get in the squeeze bottles. The chips were crisp, thin, and lite.. Although I find it hard to explain why they seemed lite when they were a bit on the oily side but somehow they were. Salted well but not overly. Well worth the $1 or whatever it was. Drain them a tad more and you would have perfect chips.

Cheese Crisp:
I can't believe I am saying this but I think I have found my new favorite cheese crisp. It was the perfect crispy yet pliable texture. So freaking good I'm not even sure I put salsa on more then a few bites of it. The cheese was amazing.. I think there was butter involved here somewhere. I WANT ONE NOW!!!

Guac:
Again.. shocked to say this.. but tied with my current favorite. Not a a tomato to be found. The perfect balance of avocado, garlic, cilantro, peppers for heat, citrus.

Beef Tamale:
Not a star.. With all the great food here I would not waste the stomach space.

Shredded Beef Taco:
Although we all enjoyed them their are better tacos in the valley. One disappointing note was that right out of the kitchen every taco on the whole table was split down the middle from taco fail. It happens.. I got over it. Saving grace was that they were stuffed then fried.. mmmmmm extra grease :D

Enchilada:
Delicious! The corn tortilla was not overpowering with corn flavor. The red sauce here is rich, thick, creamy, and smokey. If they were to salamander the enchiladas with the cheese on them before serving it would kick the ass of every other enchilada I've had in town. Since they use foam plates they can't do this.

Relleno:
Finally! This is probably the best senoran style relleno I've had outside of Mexico. I wasn't even a huge fan of the beef green chili on top and it was still amazing. Next time I will order it with the red enchilada sauce for what I'm sure will be the ultimate relleno.. unless you feel like taking a trip to the friendly dolphin in rocky point.

Carne Asada:
Chris ordered a Carne Asada burrito. This is not something I usually get unless I'm making it myself or at a *ertos. He offered me a taste.. WHoa! delicious. The marinade on this was amazing. There was a hint of something sweet.. I would guess it had some orange juice or orange slices in the marinade.

Rice:
If I had to pick one thing that they absolutely need to improve on its the rice. Although the rice was cooked perfectly. The grains stayed intact and there was no mushiness to it at all. The flavor was just off and not great in general. As weird as it sounds the first few bites I had almost tasted floral. I think they could easily improve on this. This is a really important one guys! fixy please!

Beans:
Polar opposite of the rice. I'm not even a huge bean fan and these were great. Creamy, salty, rich, and definitely had some delicious lard in there. Its no wonder its mentioned again and again in the reviews.


Pros:
Amazing Combo Prices!
Parking Lot (This can be important in this part of town)
Plenty Of Tables
Quick Service
FREAKING DELICIOUS

Cons:
Rice
Taco Fail
Tamale

My Perfect Return Trip Meal:
Carne Asada
Chili Relleno (Substitue green chili for red enchilada sauce)
Enchilada
Cheese Crisp + Guac