Being from New Mexico and missing the food something fierce...made me want to not like this place.  

I have to tell you, it is not like the food back home.  No matter how hard anyone tries...New Mexico is hard to replicate.  

Thanks to Yelp, we got some free chips and salsa.  The red salsa is very chunky and can be difficult to scoop out of the little bowl with the chips...tasty and could use a bit more jalapeño in my opinion....sorry I love hot chile!  There is also a green/tomatillo salsa that is also very yummy!  

I couldn't decide what to try..a green chile cheeseburger or one of their brunch offerings.  As I perused the menu, I noticed that it does have more of the northern New Mexico feel to it rather than the souther NM food I am used to. I opted for the brunch offering.   I can tell you it is very rare to find dishes served with black beans in southern NM, but theirs were tasty...a bit on the salty side.  They were served on the side of the Carlsbad Benedict...a very spicy and unique take on some Eggs Benedict. I opted for them to be served with carne adobada.  Very different from how it is back home, but very tender and spicy nonetheless.  Here, they prepare it as shredded beef marinated and saucy, where I am used to it being more of a steak that is in a drier rub type of seasoning.  Again, I really did enjoy this take on carne adobada.   The eggs were poached perfectly and I absolutely LOVED the jalapeño hollandaise sauce that finished off this dish.  

I wasn't thrilled with the fried potatoes that were served on the side.  They looked and tasted as if they had been sitting there for a while.  Not fresh at all.  

The kicker...in a good way...was the build your own Bloody Mary bar.  For $3.75, I was given a very generous serving of vodka and made my way over to the little table.  There was a wide range of offerings or "accoutrements" for your custom bloody mary!  From pickled asparagus, seasoned and marinated jicama (MY FAVORITE), olives, pepperonccinis, pickles, a ton of hot sauces, tomato juice, clamato, V8, and even fresh horseradish!  I'm sure there was more, but I couldn't fit anything else into my glass!  I must say, I make a mean bloody mary!  For the price, you can't go wrong!

I look forward to going back and trying their large menu!  It is a cool place and I'm sure it gets packed during football season for the early opening for the early games...early! ;-)