Man, did anyone else get hit by that powerful hail-tastic burst of heavy rain yesterday? I was driving to Carlsbad Tavern when the clouds unleashed buckets upon buckets of rain on my car. By the time I got there the rain had subsided to a drizzle and it made for the absolute perfect atmosphere as I walked up the wooden planks into the cave-like atmosphere of Carlsbad Tavern.

But then I looked to the right and saw an empty lagoon with tchotchke plastic turtles and fish upended and scattered atop PVC pipes in the concrete enclosure. I can accept the fact that they wouldn't keep that filled during the summer though. It's a waste of water with all the evaporation, although I'd really like to come here when the waterfall moat thingy is functioning because it looks like it would be great ambiance for a fun dinner!

I got there 15 minutes late and ended up having to wait another 15 minutes for my mom and aunt to arrive (what can I say, we're a punctual family). So I sauntered up to the bar and ordered a margarita on the rocks with salt. Since it was on happy hour it cost me only $3.75 and was a smooth combination of tequila, triple sec and sweet and sour mix. For only four bucks this well concoction was one of the better margaritas in recent memory. Chile pepper lights around the bar with all sorts of bat related memorabilia managed to be campy fun rather than campy trashy and gave me plenty to observe as I was waiting.

Feeling like the traditional Mexican munchies, I ordered the tricolor chips with two salsas. This was an unfortunate choice. The salsa de casa was very coarsely chopped, which made it really hard to dip or spoon onto a chip, and was extremely heavy on tomatoes with few other discernable flavors. The tomatillo salsa tasted okay but was also chopped so coarsely it was like layering strips of tomatillo on chips. The chips weren't too bad, but they were reminiscent of oil they've been using to crisp chimichangas in for the past week. I've worked in food service and I know what old oil tastes like.

But the conversation with my aunt and mom more than made up for the disappointing appetizer, and it cost two whopping bucks so I totally got what I paid for, although it is a little disappointing that they don't come complimentary.

Once we were seated in the main dining room, I was pleased by the atmosphere and decor (stuffed bats hanging from the ceiling! high seat booths with comfy cushions! cool copper light fixtures! rock walls and a huge floor to ceiling rock feature with vegetation!), which managed to maintain a cave-like atmosphere while still being inviting. We placed our order with a very friendly server that was a natural at making small talk and joking around, instead of coming off as peeved that we were taking too long to examine The Daily Guano. I also liked the more open ended, "Is there anything I can do for you?" Rather than the usual leading questions like, "Can I get you something to drink? Do you know what you want to eat?"

I ordered the Enchantment Platter so I could try a little bit of everything, a chicken enchilada, carne adovada burrito, a chile rellano and a sopapilla. When it came out I was pretty disappointed by the presentation. It was smothered in so much sauce and cheese that it was difficult to discern just what the hell I had on my plate and it looked like my burrito had anointed the surrounding items with a liberal splash of greasy red sauce. It most definitely could have done with two plates instead of just one. 

(I'll admit it. It really, really pissed me off. That gut reaction made me want to rate this place around 2 stars instead of 4. I have issues with food presentation. I rearrange every sandwich I order at a restaurant to ensure even distribution of ingredients. I don't care if things are touching and mixing it up, but it better be doing so in an aesthetic manner.)

But once I dug in it turned out to be a delicious meal! The chicken enchilada with tomatillo and green chile was deliciously cheesy with huge chunks of chicken. The carne adovada was tender but relied a bit too heavily on some weird tomato flavor that was thickened with what tasted like cornstarch, solo it was weird, but when the burrito entrails leaked all over the place it added a delicious flavor to the meal. The chile rellano was pure pork and cheese, a dense and delicious concoction nested atop rice and black bean. Rice was generic, black beans were delish. And I've got enough leftovers for three lunches, all for only $12.95! 

Psst! Don't get the habenero burger unless you want to shit fire for the next week. I've heard that from so many people that it must be true! It's not served with a complementary glass of milk for no reason...