Finally! After trying about 10 different places looking for good, spicy Mexican style food near north Chandler, we found our new favorite place. Have come her during regular and late night dining hours and have not been disappointed yet. Great atmosphere, especially on the patio during cooler days because the waterfall and cavern like area around the patio makes you feel like you're really in a cavern. Staff was great at keeping the table well stocked with water, gave helpful recommendations for dinner, and is always friendly.

As for the food, the food is fantastic. At a gance, the menu seems a little pricy but you find out why when the food comes around. Have used the free chips and salsa check-in offer every time. The salsa isn't very spicy but is very flavorful. Doesn't look or taste pre-made and tastes great. The seasoned chips that come with it were good too. Just have to be careful not to fill up before the main pate comes your way because the dinner plates are huge! First time I came I had the Enchantment Platter and second time I got the Carne Adovada Burrito from their late night menu. will say this for the spice levels on the menu: they aren't messing around. Very accurate when it comes to heat intensity so if you like it hot this is a good place to go. 

The Enchantment Platter has a little bit of everything: chilli relleno, chicken enchilada, carne adovada burrito with red and Hatch green chilli sauce, rice, black beans, and a sopapilla. I hope you didn't think I was joking about the size of these plates. FRIGGIN HUGE!!! You definitely get what you pay for in spades. Very good chilli relleno. Crispy with good filling. I can't stand eggy/soggy rellenos that most restaurants have so was very happy.  The chicken enchilada was very flavorful with a good kick back from the chili sauce. chicken inside was moist with good seasoning. The carne adovada burrito was great. Again, good spice and seasoning for the beef and not dry at all. The red chilli on the burrito had a good flavor but wasn't too spicy. Not complaining though because the bee inside had enough kick for me without the sauce adding to it. Also, spiced black beans? Nom! Rice is what it is, not that I go out to eat for the sides. The Sopaipilla was nice and flaky. Good to help soak up the chili sauce. Waste not want not! Ended up taking half of this plate home for a very tasty lunch.

The late night Carne Avodada burrito is the same as the one that came on the Enchantment platter, just bigger since it's on it's own. Came with black beans and rice. Also had to try the Sopaipillas for desert. Again, very flaky and warm with a good dash of powdered sugar on them. Served with honey of course.

Have got to say, this is by far one of the best Mexican style restaurants I've been to to date. Will definitely be coming here when I need my spice fix! Great place to bring your friends for the atmosphere or if you wanna watch them burn up from the heat for a laugh! XD