Ya know, I almost thought about giving Z-Tejas five stars just for having a separate, gluten-free menu, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it because the service was way below what I expect when I eat out.

We, a party of five (including my parents, who were visiting from Scotland), were initially seated at a really cramped table when several booths were open. Remedied this by asking to be moved to one of them. In addition, we didn't receive a kids' menu until we had waited around for about 20 mins. So, picture this, I have a hyper kid on my hands because his blood sugar levels are low and he's ready to chew his own arm off as well as those of everyone else surrouding him. Great... I will say that a very large party (around 20 people) was seated nearby and our server was one of many attending to their every need.

Our server had an excuse; he was new to the establishment and still in training. He was very cordial and was trying his best to deal with my gluten-free requirements. Turns out he wasn't given any training on the menu, with which he was very unfamiliar. Great...way to instill confidence that I'm not going to have a gluten-related "episode." Let me be clear, I don't blame him for this whatsoever. My hat goes off to him for trying. What got me was the dirty look I received from one of the female servers...WTF! What did I ever do to her. Message to her: You're in the wrong line of work, lady. Try collections or repossessions. I almost handed her back my gluten-free steak and vegs. My give up...

The food, when it did finally arrive, was good, albeit a little bland in my case. Why the heck people think gluten-free food has to taste bland is beyond me. I wish Gordon Ramsay would come in and rescue kitchens from their gluten-free nightmares. My parents both enjoyed their meals; they ordered the filet mignon with mashed potatoes and green beans. My son enjoyed his cheeseburger, but then what kid doesn't? And, my husband enjoyed his seared ahi tuna steak, but felt the portion size was a little on the small side (he's a big guy). 

Next time, I'll try the chambord margarita. I don't think I can go wrong with that -- at least it's alleged to taste good and it's gluten-free. =) I will, however, be checking out the restaurant in Tempe and not coming back to the one in Chandler.