Tonight Z'Tejas let me down. It is unfortunate because I love the food here. I booked a party for six for a reservation at 7:30pm. We were seated right away in the upper level of the restaurant. Our waitress came over right away and took our drink orders. It all started out pretty well.

One of the members of our party had never been here before so he wanted to order three appetizers for us to all share. I recommended the Tejas Trio (queso, salsa and guacamole) and he told our waitress to pick two of her other favorites. Now I understand that he did leave this up to her discretion however, she chose two other items with shrimp and seafood in them. As a waitress I would have maybe considered that not everyone in the party would have liked seafood. I would have understood maybe one other appetizer with seafood but not both. Again, it was left to her discretion so I cannot say too much about this one.

I tried to get her attention two different times to order a margarita, both times she swiftly walked away, maybe I needed to be louder. All things I could have shook off if our meal would have been up to par as it usually is. I had recommended to the other members of our party to order the 21 day aged filet. We had previously had an amazing experience with this steak. Three of us decided to order this item. When they came out they were all New York strip and not filet. Not really that big of deal but when you are a expecting one cut of steak and you receive a different one, it is a little disappointing. My steak was supposed to be a filet topped with a peppercorn crust and topped with a mushroom sauce. It came out as a New York strip, topped with the peppercorn crust but no sauce whatsoever. My dining companions decided to keep the New York strips in lieu of returning them to re-fire filets. I decided to have a filet re-fired because my steak came out completely wrong. I reordered the new steak with the Gorgonzola butter instead of the peppercorn crust because it looked dry when it was brought out.

After waiting fifteen minutes, after all of my dining companions were finished eating, I received my new steak. It was a filet after all but it still came out with the peppercorn crust instead of the Gorgonzola butter. I just feel as though the entire night our waitress did not listen to anything we said. I really am not that picky but after getting all three of our steaks wrong, and getting mine wrong twice I was irritated. This was the place that my fiancé and I had recommended to out of town guests and I feel as though it was a big let down tonight. I just do not think our waitress could handle a big party along with serving her other tables.

I still might be back because I know how good the food can be here. I just think we came on an off night. Too bad.