Go here if you like your food cold, your card overcharged, your waitress rude, and your customer service idiotic!

My coworkers and I used to go here 3 or 4 times a month for lunch and happy hours (about 10 or so of us each time) and always had wonderful service from the bartenders. One Friday for lunch we sat at a table as it was someone's birthday. Long story short, the waitress -forgot- about our food for over 45 minutes (we were on a work break, keep in mind). The manager SAW THIS HAPPENING and did nothing because, in her words, "we looked like we were having fun so she didn't want to interrupt". Thanks Cricket (honest to God that's her name).  She then gave us giftcards (3 of them despite having a party of 10) and trotted away merrily.

On top of our food being atrociously late, myself and another were charged $7 over and when bringing it up to the waitress, she cheerfully said, "it's okay you're still getting the same food!" What the eff? 

So with our food cold (and 3 of the orders wrong) we went back to the office and I complained on Twitter. Deborah from marketing responded to me with her email and myself and 2 coworkers sent very polite, but detailed emails expressing our displeasure. In response, Deborah found it appropriate to blame it on short staff and said she'd take us out to lunch there.

It's tacky, rude, and awful customer service to send the same generic, premade email to all of us. Second, I'm not an idiot. They weren't short staffed (there was NO ONE in the restaurant), our food was CLEARLY ready on time as it was ridiculously cold when we got it. Finally, why the hell would I want to go back after I just told you how awful it was?

In short, the food here is not worth the absolutely awful service. If you're at Scottsdale mall and want to eat, walk the 10 feet over to the Yard House. Their food, drinks, waitstaff, and customer service are infinitely better. Even go to Culinary Dropout, Kona Grill, or any of the 15 other places around. Don't waste your money (as they'll overcharge you) on a place like this.