I'll start by reminding anyone who reads this that I am a VERY picky person as you can see by my reviews!
I took a friend here for Sunday brunch for her birthday....I chose Z'Tejas because they have a "bloody mary" bar, and I do love my Sunday morning Bloody Mary!
We were immediately greeted and seated by a friendly hostess and joined promptly by our server "Bubba".
I normally dont mention names as not to make anyone feel bad....but with Bubba there's nothing to feel bad about.
He greeted us with a super smile and his outgoing personality which made us feel at home instantly!
We started, of course, to the bloody mary bar which offered a large variety of hot sauces and condiments.....although I enjoy my bloody marys I really dont know how to make a good one, but with the assistance of several employees who were happy to help, I enjoyed a darn good drink!
My problem with the condiments was that most of it looked dried out ex: carrots, celery and pickles.
While enjoying our drinks Bubba came to our table to make us the guacamole we ordered, he showed us each ingredient before adding it and a few minutes later we were digging into our guac and chips...yummmmm
We shared a "shrimp omelete" which had baby shrimp,goat cheese and was very good.  We couldnt decided on the corn bread, morning glory muffin or the fresh fruit, so Bubba, being the excellent server he is brought all 3.
The cornbread was fluffy and not at all crumbly which I did not prefer, but it really is just a matter of taste.
The omelette came with little potatoe chunks that were well seasoned.
Here comes the Con (the 2nd reason they lost points)....we had just started with our appetizer of guac and chips when they came to the table with the main course.
We would have preferred to enjoy what was already on the table before bringing more, especially because by the time we got around to the omelette it was not hot.
They brought my friend an "on the house" birthday desert which was a browine type mixture baked as a pie with a dab of whipped cream on top.
The brownie pie is a "MUST TRY", it was sweet and decedant and sinful and we loved it!
We never had to ask for anything as Bubba visited us frequently to check on things.
The atmosphere is comfortable, big and airy and a great place to enjoy a meal or just a cocktail.
We WILL be back and I do reccomend you give it a try....and dont forget to ask for "BUBBA"...
In the meantime.....

Bon' Appetite