After reading all the great reviews on Yelp and in other places, I came here expecting margaritas that would make my heart sing Spanish love songs, even though I don't know Spanish.  We chose Cinco de Mayo for our visit, since I wanted an excellent margarita, and we both ordered the 6th st. "award-winning" margarita as a starting place.  

First, it was tiny.  Second, it had the quality of so many restaurant margaritas, and how else can I describe it other than floor cleaner?  You know, the kind they used to wax the terrazzo floors of your high school cafeteria with.  Tasted like that.  Good margaritas are so easy to make, but almost no one gets them right because they either use crappy bulk mixes or that garbage that comes out of a giant steel container through a gun.  Disappointing.

I was hoping the food would redeem the lousy margarita, but alas, I found no redemption here.  In a word, or three, it was really, really mediocre.  We ordered the chips and salsa, with the three house salsas, and it was decent, but no better than the free stuff you get at most any cheap Mexican restaurant.  Nothing fantastic, but decent.  The cornbread was good, but seemed like a gimmick.  My wife's salad was below average.  Funny, but they mix your salad for you at tableside, which seems odd unless you are at a four-star restaurant from 1980 and they are mixing your Caesar salad in a giant stainless bowl before delivering your Steak Tartare with a side of gout.  I ordered the diablo pasta, thinking it would light my fire and cause me to forget the lousy margarita and order a more expensive one, but el Diablo was nowhere to be found.  Instead, el Diablo sent his less well-known American cousin, Senor Bland.  It wasn't hot in any way, shape or form and in fact didn't taste like anything besides milkfat pretending to be a sauce of some kind.  I ate about three bites and gave up because it was so incredibly tasteless.

The service was good, and I liked both the hostess and our waitress.  I did see a couple at the table next to us walk out because they didn't feel they were being attended to fast enough, but I thought they were just being jerks.  

The decor looks as though they bought out one of those stores that sells model home furniture and called it a day, but then most of the houses in Phoenix look like this, so I can't fault them too much for trying to make their clientele feel at home.

This restaurant is mostly for people who want to pretend they like southwestern/Mexican food, but think Chili's is not authentic enough (by the way, Chili's has better margaritas, and that's sad).  Needless to say, I won't be going back.  I can go to the Los Taquitos near my house and eat authentic food and drink a margarita with fresh-squeezed lime juice for half the price, and with way more than twice the taste.