Soooo mad and disappointed at the service we received last night.    I don't know if they were short help or what.   Maybe so since it appears the parent company has filed for bankruptcy reorganization.   I didn't even see a hostess on duty when I came in, and I didn't really see one as I walked back and forth from the dining room to the bar.   Why was I walking back and forth?   Well, I was there for a party.   I guess the people hosting the party thought they were getting the back room as they had done last year.   Nope.   So they were talking to whomever (I presume the manager), and we stayed where we were.    Oh, well.   No big thing to me.   What was disappointing is the fact our server was busy elsewhere; therefore, I had to go to the bar to get my drink since I wanted it on the happy hour pricing.   Then it was getting close to the witching hour;  still no sight of a server,  so I went looking for someone to see if he could have our server come to our table so we could order.  She came.   Since it was a minute or so around 7:00 (the witching hour of when HH is over), I asked if my order could be had at the HH price.   She said she'd see but didn't know for sure.   As it turned out, it was.   We had to keep flagging someone down to ask the server to come to the table so they could order.   My water glass sat empty for a long time till I finally got it filled after asking two or three times.   Then at the end, when I was paying with my gift cards that I had bought during the restaurant's promotion, she told me I couldn't use it for the tip.    I told her I had used it twice prior and had no problem.   She argued with me about that.   Then she came back with the, I assume, manager, and she told me the same.   WHAT???!!   Then the server wanted to know when did I ask for water and not receive it.   WHAT??!!    Is she calling me a liar???!!!   I have been to this restaurant numerous times in the past, and I do mean numerous.    I do love the shrimp bites they have on the appetizer menu and some of the other items.   I was there less than a couple of weeks ago for another party.   What the heck.   I hope this is not a reflection of what service is going to be like since the BK filing.   What a drastic change in service.