I recently found this place on Yelp and decided it was a must try.  Before leaving the house last night, I saw a Yelp friend had just checked in.  When I got there, I joined his wife and him as they finished up and I ordered.

The chips were standard fare but the salsa was very good because it had a good spiciness to it which I like.  

For an appetizer, I ordered three shrimp empanadas and for the main course I got the carnitas platter.  I also got a Diet Coke which was served in the can with a straw.

My error was in ordering the two things at the same time or not specifying that I wanted the empanadas first and then the main.  Instead, both dishes were brought at the same time.  The empanadas were very hot (temperature).  The carnitas were lukewarm at best and the food was plated on a cool dish making the beans, rice, and carnitas all not very hot.  This is so different than most Mexican restaurants where you sometimes can hardly touch the hot plates.

The empanadas were the star of my meal.  They were very tasty with a good amount of shrimp pieces in each one.  The green sauce that accompanies them was excellent.  Another spicy sauce that helped make this dish a winner.  Unfortunately, the carnitas were a fail.  The meat was dry and I need to put some Tapatio on for flavor and for moisture.  The beans and rice were standard.  

I was going back and forth between my appetizer and my main course at the same time and this detracted from the enjoyment of the meal aside from the temperature problems with the carnitas noted above.

The servers were very friendly and helpful.  As other reviewers have noted, this is a small, hole in the wall restaurant that doesn't seat a whole lot of people at one time.  I joined my friends and there was an extra bit of wait for service--my fault because I didn't stop anyone to let them know I wanted to order.  When brought a menu, it had dripped salsa on it in two places.

There was live music last night with two talented guys.  It was however very loud.  We really had to speak loudly to each other to be heard.  

If I come back, it would be for a shrimp cocktail that looked very good (the neighboring table ordered one) and I'd come back for the empanadas.  

Finally, you shouldn't have difficulty finding this restaurant if you go to the Charland Plaza at the corner of Charleston and Maryland Parkway.  Just go in the door under the open sign and you won't enter the beauty shop as I did.

As one group was leaving, another friend on Yelp stopped to introduce himself!  Yelp, you're amazing!