I write reviews because a place deserves my attention.

This time it's because I'm PISSED.
I'll echo and reinforce what was said earlier, with my own experience.
I go to this Qdoba maybe once a week because it's near my work and I can walk to it. I guess I have to open my mouth more so I get what I want instead of assuming that I'll get good portions of what matters, like in (angels sing) Chipotle or Baja Fresh.

I order a steak burrito. I was the only one in there.
She steams the tortilla.
"Chicken or steak?"
PAY ATTENTION!!!

Another time I went in, this most recently last week, I get the same thing. I always say light rice and get it fine. Different woman from the previous paragraph gives me this look like "I dare you to say something" as she totally skimps on the steak with a sprinkling of half a spoonful, like a dog testing you to see what she can get away with. What is this, war rationing?! You give less so you can take home more at the end of the day?
I talked to my friend about this and he says yeah, he always hears people asking for more this or that.
Cilantro rice..... where's the cilantro? 
You mean that speck right there?

I'M GETTING A STEAK BURRITO, not a steak flavored pinto bean and rice burrito!! GIVE ME THE FULL SPOONFUL!!!!
"Hard times, Qdoba?" Methinks so. I too have noticed the newly thin tortilla that ruptures every time.
I think the guac put on your burrito is half the price of Chipotle, so that's a saving grace,  and this place gets 2 stars because it's delicious as long as I get my burrito my way, as in micro-managing portions as it's being made.

ADDENDUM:
The GUYS don't pull any BS and have their head screwed on straight.
Just found out now. Decent burrito.

ADDENDUM #2 June 27,2011:
If there's trace amounts of pico in the container, don't scoop up THREE chunks of tomato and put it on my burrito and then look at me like "what's next?" and it's OK and normal. 
IT IS NOT. 
STOP THINKING I'M F-ING STUPID AND WILL ACCEPT IT.
Refill that pico container, I'll wait.

YES I'm gonna tell you how to do your damn job --------
Distribute the ingredients somewhat evenly along the length of the tortilla!!
HOW HARD IS THAT?

Sheesh!
Now get it right or I'll dock your ass another star.

ADDENDUM August, 2011: The blond gal is the only gal who cares. Come in weekday afternoons after the lunch rush and she'll do an absolutely perfect burrito job. If I had it my way all the tips would go to HER. Thank you blondie!! I don't know your name.

ADDENDUM SEPT 2011:  Uh oh, did I see a Spanish-speaker get extra meat while gringo me got the standard ho-hum level spoonful? 
Did I just witness racism?