I was craving some good late night Mexican food with my fellow Yelpers and we decided to check out one of the best happy hours at Supermex. To our surprise, Supermex was re-branded into Jalisco Cantina. Undeterred, we came in to familiar surroundings and sat down near the bar.

Though the restaurant looks the same as before, the menu has undergone some changes and unfortunately not all are for the better. There was no happy hour menu available and after finally getting the attention of our server/bartender, he quickly mouthed off a couple dishes on HH and left us. Unlike before, only select appetizers were half off and the portions/recipes have definitely changed. I wanted to order the chicken street tacos but our server quickly corrected us that they are now called the Tacos Tijuana and for whatever reason only the carne asada ones were covered under HH, no chicken. We also ordered guacamole as an appetizer and Mexican Pizza (new item!). Note: chips and salsa were included as well!

When we got the guacamole I was left wondering if the cook forgot to mash up the avocado. Now I don't mind big chucks, but this guacamole was really just diced avocados in pico de gallo. 

Unfortunately, the new Tacos Tijuana are nothing like what they used to be. Instead of the three generous street tacos before, I got two reduced size carne asada tacos with some rice and beans. The tacos fell victim to 'soggy tortilla syndrome' where the contents escaped to all over my plate. I really wish they didn't change it up as the street tacos were delicious and a great meal in themselves.

Now the Mexican Pizza was a pleasant surprise. Like the tacos, for whatever reason the happy hour special only covered the chicken toppings. The pizza was a good portion, with plenty of chicken, mushrooms, and cheese on a thin but crispy toastada like base. Definitely a great new edition to the menu.

Our server was terrible to put it nicely. He took about ten minutes to come up to us, and seemed annoyed when we asked him to repeat the list of ~8 happy hour options (they really should just print out a list). He never brought us out our utensils and we had to flag him down over and over for refills. Maybe he was just having a bad day but he just seemed hurried and uninterested, and there weren't even that many people in the bar area. 

I give kudos to the management for changing up the menu and trying new things but I really wish they didn't downsize some of their better dishes. I used to come here twice a month when it was Supermex but now I'm wondering if I'll ever be back.