Neither food nor service are impressive, hopefully the drinks will keep this place alive until Spring. 

I dropped in Saturday as tacos sounded a great idea on the last of the warm fall days. When I sat at the bar & caught up with a friend for 5 to 10 minutes, it took the bartender asking to refill my friends' drinks for her to come over and even then I had to get her attention myself to get a menu or water.

Perusing the menu was as disappointing. No entrees, chips & salsa are $3. Within 3 blocks is Moe's & Tijuana Flats. I get that Bakersfield's chips & salsa are made daily but do you really decide where to eat based exclusively on this side item? Tacos are $4 each and they're small. They are tasty, but flour tortillas aren't available, tacos are served on white corn tortillas only. 

My friends had the short rib sandwich earlier and remarked it was good but a lot of bread. I ordered 3 tacos, one pastor and each style of chicken. They came out in a timely fashion and the pastor is a good example balanced with fresh pineapple. I couldn't tell the difference between the two chicken styles. Still peckish, I had the veggie tortilla of fried potatoes, black beans, guac and lettuce. It's quite a treat!

I like the decor, the roll up doors and naked lights are a relaxed vibe. While I again waited for the bartender's attention to get my check, I noticed the bar back squeezing lemons for their margaritas. Since my friends stayed and had a pitcher they must be pretty good. It seems like a great place to drink which isn't my thing. 

Given the lack of parking, other places with equally good pastor tacos at better prices (la unica on central) and no reservations you could very well hunt for parking, find it, and have an hour wait. **The manager sent a yelp compliment and clarified they have more valet spots than those at Berrybrook up to 40 spots total** Still I hope the owners have the cash to survive until spring when margaritas or beers with a gentle breeze blowing in off East Blvd is a great idea.