I must admit I was so excited to go here for the all you can eat tacos special or $7.99. However, this review is mostly about the service, which eclipsed the food tenfold.

 Admittedly, we got there a little bit late (about an hour before close), but does that mean that we're not entitled to good service? Our server Jim seemed to think so. 

Jim stumbled to the table conspicuously inebriated and probably more than 3 sheets to the wind (I think he probably had his whole linen closet blowing in his boozy breeze).  However, the Cadillac  margaritas that we ordered WEAK! Perhaps it's because Jim had sucked all the alcohol off of the top before he served them to us. When I personally brought them back to the bartender for a redo (Jim was nowhere to be found),  the bartender really had no interest in doing anything other than cleaning up the bar so he could get home.

We spoke to the manager about honoring the AYCE deal that was listed on Yelp, however he said the promotion had expired and that only the I.T. guy was responsible for internet promotions. I guess you can't expect much from the MANGER or anything like that, right? This man was built like a Sprinter Van, and if Jim was drinking all the restaurant's profits, the manager had obviously been offered his paycheck in the form of burritos and tacos and enchiladas...which he GLADLY accepted. He still refused to honor Yelp deal, so we opted for the fajitas for two special that was going on at the time. 

Here's the good news. Jim left before he was done serving us (we saw him later in the pub getting cozy with a cold one at the bar), so Lucy took over. She was amazing and attentive, but sadly it was the end of our meal, so we didn't get to experience the extent of her awesomeness. Another busser named Do also seemed genuinely happy to be doing his job, too! He was also quite helpful.

The food was mediocre, but I do love that they bring a tasty bean dip to the table. I probably will come back to another of the Stations Casinos Cabos, but definitely not Palace Station.  

I had more fun at karaoke at  Jack's Irish pub that night. Singing Tina Turner songs made me feel better!