I love the decor in this place - Trendy Gothic with a Spanish feel....
The food was OK, nothing crazy good to me. The popular appetizer right now is deep fried avocado and they have it. I thought the Avocado came in a tie with the grilled shrimp as for the best things we ate. We tried the Steak and shrimp with cilantro rice and grilled tomatoes. The cilantro rice had maybe a hint of something but was very bland to me. The grilled tomatoes had no taste - even a splash of lemon juice or a pinch of salt before they grilled it would've helped taste wise. 
The waiter had a whole speech as to how their steak was excellent and it was the same steak as in the expensive steak house (I forgot the name) in the Silverton. So we were sold but the steak wasn't tender and I had to ask for sauce to deep it in for taste.
The shrimp had a yummy sauce on it.......
My brother really enjoyed his steak salad in a taco shell and my kid's cheese quesadilla was passable as well.....
The service was slow....too slow....the waiter at some point did come up to me and said that because I wanted my steak well done it would take longer which is fine to me but bring out all the other stuff like the kid's meals and the easy salad!!!! So even with all that it must be known that we were only the 3rd table with people in there so the extra slow service was just weird to me....
My main problem was with the young lady who was the greeter at the front. It was a Sunday afternoon on Father's day and her demenor was just awful. She hardly cracked a smile and she had "I hate my job" written all over her face!!!! I watched her with each customer that she brought to their table and each time it was just so unfriendly, so unwelcoming. I told our waiter what I felt and I hoped that he passed along the right channels because there are so many people right now that so badly need and want a job and that would appreciate one. So it just sickens me to see public service employees act like that.

Oh and as we were leaveing she didn't even look at as and then as we were going to turn a corner we heard in a very low monotone voice just like in a weird freaky movie "Thankyou, have a nice day" My Mother looked at me and said how nice she was thanking our backs.....