My girlfriend and I picked TQLA for one of our restaurant week selections. After perusing the website, I made reservations, though for 5:00 on a Wednesday I didn't need them. There were maybe 5 tables filled and several people at the bar. The hostess was very nice and friendly. The waiter started out well, with fast service, though he did have to ask us to repeat our orders. The chips were warm, the salsa verde was sweet and spicy. The rojo was overdone on the chipotle spice, with a flat, smoky flavor that neither of us enjoyed. For the appetizer, she ordered the ceviche and enjoyed it. My duck tamale was good, though not much duck flavor left. It could have been beef for all I could taste. The masa was spicy, not overly so, but with a latent burn that may have eliminated the duck flavor. 
Dinner came before we were even really done with the appetizer. This is the first complaint I have with this restaurant. There is no sense of pacing. Appetizer plates should be clear before the entree arrives. The entrees were just ok. Maybe they were so close on the appetizer that the flavors blended. I ordered the carne asada, my date the salmon. I tasted hers and it seemed that the salsa topping overwhelmed everything. It was like eating chilis with a salmon texture. The rice pilaf was underwhelming, with a pretty fair amount of liquid at the bottom of the plate. She enjoyed the fried green tomatoes, but ate about three bites of the fish. The crust was weird in the mouth, too many textures blending together. 
My carne asada was ordered medium rare but arrived closer to rare. Maybe I got a not so great steak, but there seemed to be a lot of gristle - every other bite or so. The cheese, peppers and onions on top were ok, tasty, but nothing you can't get at a good philly cheese-steak place. The rice was heavy on what tasted like chipotle spice and not much to my palate. The beans were better, but still not high on my list. 
Portions were large; probably a meal and a half for me on the entree without an appetizer. 
Dessert was pretty good. The crust on my cheesecake was nice and crunchy, not soggy, the cheesecake was fluffy and well-flavored. Most of the berries were sour, though, which was unexpected as we have been getting excellent blueberries here for several weeks. I enjoyed the strawberry puree though, and the spiced whipped cream was a good touch. My date polished off her flan, though, and said it was really good. My taste revealed good strong chocolate flavors with just a touch of coffee and a flash of tequila at the end. 
The server, while he had started out good, was overly attentive until the entrees arrived at which point he was hard to find. After dessert, he brought the check and then we waited for about 15 minutes before he showed up again to collect it. We were very obviously done and waiting on him, with the dishes empty. 
All told, it took about an hour and a quarter from seating to walking out and the entrees were finished by 45 minutes after seating. 
I won't be back, unless it is for dessert. The service and the food were not worth the price, though not quite bad enough to complain to the waiter about. The service was pretty good to start, but then I felt ignored after dessert was ordered.