I'm a Chipotle fanatic,  I got hooked on them outside of Wisconsin, and was super happy to discover this location when I returned to the Madtown area.

However, as others have noted, this location is far from perfect.  For starters, it's always quite packed, especially at the lunch hour.  Lines that extend outside of the building and onto the sidewalk are not uncommon, especially during weekdays from like 11:20am until around 1:00pm.

Chipotle is known for high quality ingredients, and this location doesn't disappoint when it comes to quality.  Quantity, however, leaves much to be desired.

I have eaten here at least 20 times over the past year (I work about 100 yards from this location), and with every single visit I have had to add the phrase, "could you do a little more?" to every single thing I've asked for.

Ordering a salad bowl?  You'll have to ask for "a little more" of the lettuce, chicken, and veggies.  

Ordering a burrito bowl?  You'll definitely have to request "a little more" of the rice, meat, and veggies.

Ordering a burrito?  Guess what?  Yep - more, please.

I'm not sure why, but this location seems to half-fill a traditional scoop, plop it onto your order and then attempt to quickly shuffle you over to the next station.  It's really frustrating, especially when you're trying to order 8-10 dishes for co-workers... you're literally repeating "more, please" for each dish.

And, what's up with charging an extra $1.80 for 1-1.5 tablespoons of guacamole?  Really?


To sum it up, I'm pretty certain these issues are specific to this location.  I've dined at Chipotles from San Francisco to San Antonio to Washington DC, and most are super stellar.  This location; however, is quite subpar.  Primarily because of the stingy servings, the lackluster service, and the nickel-and-diming of repeat customers.

Chipotle on Old Sauk = Super MEH

Food = 3.5 stars (great for fast food)
Value = 2.5 stars
Service = 1 star (you'll ask for more at each station)
MISC = 1 star (super busy, no parking, very loud inside)

Given the option, I'd hit La Bamba on Gammon.  It's about 1.5 miles away, and you won't be begging for a reasonable amount of toppings/fillings.