So this place is real new and i had to try this place when I saw the line out the door (was going to sultans grill next door).  From the door I thought I was going to be in heaven considering it was so packed and the menu was awesome with burritos, tacos, and tortas and they had pastor and carnitas, in the end I was let down.  I got a steak burrito and a pastor taco.

First the burrito was priced ok at 6 bones and it was a buck more for guac, not bad.  The carne asada was not good, like really finely chopped up meat stewing in taco sauce that tasted like something made from a package of taco seasoning mix, and it didn't have a good steak texture.  To be honest it really reminded me of crappy taco meat.  The rice tasted bland and the refried beans tasted canned to me.  It wasn't too big either, chipotle or cafe rio is way bigger for the price.  Also the tortillas weren't really good, not going to put it into words why I didn't like them but rio has some awesome tortillas and this place didn't.  It absolutely tasted like some one made mexican night at there house with taco meat, rice a roni spanish rice, canned beans, and mission tortillas. 

The pastor in the taco had good flavor for sure but it wasn't that meaty and was mushy in texture, one taco was 3 bucks and it was a little skimpy too, nothing memorable and except for the pork it had that same "generic" flavor as the burrito.

Now the service was extremely friendly and what looked like the owner came by and asked how everything was and was real nice too.  I did have to wait a while but I saw the line so no negative thing about that.  I have waited a long time for slider truck and it's delicious so no big deal, what do you expect when a place is slammed. 

My advice for anyone who cares or is listening, better seasoning of the rice and beans (home made if it isn't), and grill up some real carne asada.  The portions aren't as big as rio or chipotle, the quality isn't as good as rio or chipotle, and it isn't cheaper than rio or chipotle, something isn't adding up.  Oh well the place is packed (for now at least) so what do I know.