It sucks to give such a great place this review but here we go...
Okay so Café Rio is my girlfriend's favorite place to eat. If I said okay she would literally eat there every single day. Whether it's tacos, a burrito or a salad we are never disappointed. We used to go to the one off the 60 but since we moved over near San Tan Mall we have been going to this location. It is such a let down which sucks... :( The service is absolutely the worst. They are so sooo slow and have the worst customer service. 
Here are just a couple of examples: 
1) We went there a few weeks ago and there was NO ONE and I mean not even 1 person in line. We walked in an nobody greeted us, nobody paid any attention to us for a good 5-10 minutes. Everyone that was working was just standing around talking to each other behind the counter other than the girl at the cash register. She patiently waited for someone to come help us, as it was not her duty that day, but once she realized that was not happening she came to help. I wish I knew her name because she is the only employee at this location who is ALWAYS nice, friendly and helpful. Anyways, once she came to help the rest of the employees continued to just chat even though the phones were ringing and she helped us all the way through. 
2) Another example was one day we called to place an order to-go, when we place the order for ONE CHICKEN SALAD, we were told the wait would be about an hour and 45 minutes.... I'm sorry but WHAT?!?!? The guy said if you come in there is nobody in line so it would be quicker... I am sorry but that just makes no sense. If I could have come in and wasn't on a time crunch I would have! I understand places get busy but for a "fast food" type place that is just ridiculous. 

We have never had any issues with the food, thankfully, because my girlfriend would be crushed. Hopefully a manager will read this review and see that something needs to be done at this location about the employees. Customer service is SO important. We get it that you're just there to make a paycheck but come on.. Put a smile on your face and act like you care about your customers!