I really, really want to like this place. The food is decent, the space is pretty and the service has always been good. I just can't get past the clientèle. It is in the PV Mall area, and for some reason it draws a kind of rough and tumble crowd. And they bring their kids. Ugh. Which is kind of weird to me since Z Tejas is literally just down the street and has a completely different vibe. Oh well. Can a restaurant control that? Maybe I am being unfair. Anyway, about a month ago, we stopped in  on a Sunday afternoon around 2:30 and had a great experience. Probably because no one was there, ha ha. We were offered the lunch menu and I had a fantastic lunch bowl with machaca. So, I signed up with Groupon recently and purchased a coupon for $20 for $40 worth of food so we decided to go back. Since we didn't want to jinx it we went back on Sunday...at 2:30. There were a few folks there, but it was relatively quiet. We sit at the bar and the bartender hands us the dinner menu. Hmmm. Maybe they changed policy on lunch hours?  Normally I would ask for the lunch menu but I am using a coupon so don't want to appear to be too cheap. Got my Sangria, yum, and perused the menu. Directly behind us, something funky is going on. There's a chick harassing a couple of tough looking dudes and a waiter comes over and talks to her about her "language". Sigh. I did not hear much of what was going on...is she panhandling?! I try not to make eye contact in case she sets her sights on us.  Anyway, Bus Stop Betty finally moves on and calmness prevails. Back to the menu. The old man and I decide to order the same thing since I could not get him to change his mind; he can be so stubborn! We chose the Carne Asada with Jalapeno Bacon Wrapped Shrimp plate. It comes with a choice of sauce: sweet chili tamarind, prickly pear or mole! I love love love mole! I am so happy, because the other two are probably going to be too sweet for me. Just before the order comes out, our  bartender informs me that they are out of mole so he is giving me both of the other sauces. Seriously? Tell me that at the beginning! I would have ordered something else! As expected, sauces were way too sweet. Yuk. And how does a Mexican restaurant run out of mole? Not a good sign. Anyway, food was okay, but stuck using salsa. Also, thought that price was a bit on the steep side ($17) for two shrimp and way overcooked  (I ordered rare...it was well done) Carne Asada which is what...flank steak?! Walked out thinking doubtful I will ever come back. Sorry. I tried.