My mouth is watering just thinking of the fluffy floured freshly made tortillas.  The tortillas along with their cilantro butter are nothing short of amazing. And they should be.  I mean, it IS called the Old Town Tortilla Factory, so they had better be delicious.  

Other than that and the expansive twinkle-lit patio, there's nothing to really write home about here.  I found myself here twice in the past week so I was able to enjoy some great patio dining.

It seems like every Mexican/ Southwestern restaurant says they have the best margarita in Arizona.  OTTF makes that claim on the back side of their menu, along with a litany of other awards mostly from Citysearch.  City what?  City who?  The award-winning Treasure margarita looked impressive and robust presented with the shaker - providing an extra drink or so.  The taste was not anything out of this world like I expected.

The patio is really huge and makes up probably 70 percent of all the seating in the establishment abutting the quaint historic adobe home - meaning fall and spring are definitely the times to go here.  But the green plastic chairs - gahh!  A charming and impressive patio is diminished by the cheap picnic ambiance the chairs emit.

The food is ok.  The first time I had the Poblano de Mariscos -- stuffed poblano peppers filled with crab, cream cheese, herbed butter, roasted corn, diced red bell peppers with a shrimp cream sauce. The reality?  Stuffed peppers with mostly cream cheese and a smattering of crab flakes.  I couldn't even taste the crab.  The second time I ordered the tortilla soup and it wasn't all that great either.  It was more red than orange and had more chicken and not enough tortilla than I have had elsewhere.  It's ok if that the way you like it, but I will pass.  

The salsa was the worst though.  Mostly a red tomato sauce with bit of chile included.  It was the most mild and un-spicy salsa I have EVER had in my life.  I think Pace mild sauce is hotter than this stuff. Since I was with my friend Maya and a friend visiting from Queens, I was shouting "New York City?!" - mocking the old Pace commercials.  Maybe they accidentally served us Ragu.  Who knows? All was fine once we asked for habanero sauce to spice it up. 

2.5 stars overall. 5 stars for the tortillas.