We came here for my friend's birthday...and because of the reviews I read here on Yelp.

Unfortunately, our experience wasn't as great as a majority of those who have dined at this restaurant. There were seven of us total. Three people shared a nacho platter, one had enchiladas, one had quesadillas, one had soft tacos and I had crunchy tacos. 

First, the nacho trio asked for the guacamole on the side. There was a huge pile of guacamole on the top of the nachos. But they didn't complain and just ate around it.

Second, I asked if they had crunchy tacos because I didn't see it on the menu. The waiter said no. I looked more closely at the menu...there were crunchy tacos on the menu. Weird, I thought that the waiters were supposed to know the menu at the place they're serving at.

Third, THEIR CRISPY TAC0S ARE SPICY!!! I'm really wimpy when it comes to spicy things. I can handle some heat, but whatever they put on these tacos was H0T!!! Like hot enough to at least mention on their menu or have the staff mention. I couldn't eat them. I told our waiter. It took like 20 minutes to get non-spicy tacos out to me. That was cool, everyone else was done with their meals and was watching me eat since it took so long. And why did it take so long? Because there were only like five other tables that had people at the them...they should have just gone over to the street window and have them make them for me. It probably would have been 15 minutes quicker.

Fourth, and here's when it gets messy and sort of dumb. We get our bill. Bottomless chips, check. Nachos, check. Enchiladas, check. Quesadilla, check. Soft tacos, check. Crunchy tacos + $3.95 fee for non-spicy chicken...annoying, but check. 3 sodas, check. Quesadillas, again? No, there were not two orders of quesadillas. We call over our waiter. 

US: Excuse me, you charged us twice for the quesadillas. 
HIM: 0h yeah, I was going to take those off.

Uh, what? Weird response...if you were going to take the second one off, then why didn't you in the first place. 

Receive the new check.

Bottomless chips, check. Nachos, check. Enchiladas, check. Quesadilla, check. Crispy tacos, check. Soft tacos, check. Crispy tacos + $3.95 for non-spicy chicken. REALLY? IS THIS GUY F0R REAL? We didn't order 2 CRISPY TAC0S.

At this point, we're all just annoyed and wanted to get the eff out of there. We ended up going over to another waitress to fix the bill since our waiter was either trying to 1.) Get a bigger tip or 2.) Is incapable of being a server. 

The manager came over...he was nice, as managers are supposed to be. He gave us $50 worth of gift cards for our troubles, which was a round of shots for us. 

I would give this place another chance...but I would ask for a girl server next time. Good luck to whoever encounters the waiter we had...hopefully he's fully trained or finds another job soon.