I knew SOL was not going to be the my favorite style of Mexican food, but what I didn't know was that their style involved no flavor!

I had read good things about this place so I decided to try it for my birthday dinner last night.  The Watermelon Margarita was quite refreshing, but after that, things just went downhill.  The "chips" that they bring you are whole corn tortillas that have been flash fried and dusted with chili powder. Whatever kind of tortillas they use, makes for some very thick, hard chips, and not very good at all.  The salsa is just hot, no real flavor and the complimentary bean dip is so bland and unappealing.  I guess the "flavor enhancer" tray including hot sauce, lime and salt that they bring to your table should have been the first clue that we were in for an under-seasoned meal.

We ordered the Bacon and Shrimp Guacamole to start, and it was bland, even though it had bacon in it!  Plus you had to eat it with more of those hard tortillas, no bueno.  I got the Grilled Burrito with carnitas and my dad ordered the carnitas platter.  When they set it in front of him, it just looked like a pile of mush...and it didn't taste much better.  He asked our waitress what he was supposed to do with it, if there was a sauce for it, but she said you are just supposed to eat it with the sides.  The pork was the most bland pork I have ever eaten in my life, even when it was mixed in the burrito with guacamole, cheese and beans.  I have no idea how they were able to extract such little flavor out of it, or why, according to our waitress, it is the most popular dish on the menu.  But then again, some mysteries are never solved...like falling in to the Bermuda Triangle.

My mom and my sister had a shrimp salad and shrimp tacos respectively, both of them said they were edible, but not exciting.

I did get some dessert nachos on the house for my birthday; chocolate and regular tortillas deep fried and dusted with cinnamon/sugar and a drizzle of Dulce de leche.  They were actually pretty good...but not good enough for me to come back.

Their seemed to be a decent crowd for a Monday night during the summer....but I am just not sure how long SOL can survive in this Valley of the Sun with so many other, better options for a Mexican Fiesta!