I'm truly incredulous at all the high recommendations for this restaurant.  Because not only is it overpriced, but the taste is something the owners overlooked in their zeal to be authentic.

Problem number one is the long wait... too long for food that is so simple to assemble.  I do give them credit for actually making a freshly-fried tortilla for their hard tacos, but it shouldn't take much longer than not frying.  Assuming they have steam tables with hot food ready to assemble, it shouldn't take but a few minutes per order.

Problem number two, and I do emphasize this as being a big problem, is taste.  Beyond the great taste and texture of a freshly fried tortilla, the hard taco I ordered was absolutely boring.  Lettuce, tomato... and meat.  I'm not one to drown everything in salsa, so there was no rescuing it from that angle.  On my opinion, if the food doesn't taste great without salsa, it's not good tasting food.  Salsa should be an enhancement, not an integral part of the dish.  So that may be the problem here -- they overload your to-go bag with salsa in the hopes that you'll drown the food in salsa so you won't taste the food.

I also managed to taste their burrito, which seemed to be totally assembled with fresh ingredients.   Again, I totally applaud their effort.  The tortilla was freshly grilled, as was the meat.  In fact, it was over-grilled, with a strange carbonized/bitter taste.  Maybe it was the beans.  Or the rice, for what little I could find in the burrito (did I mention I'm originally from Nor-Cal? We do 'em different than the gringos do down here -- our burritos contain rice, mean and beans only).

Maybe it was the fact that I ordered a dish in a non-conventional way, and by combining ingredients that weren't meant to be combined I ruined their carefully planned flavor stack.  What I mean by that is that their regular burrito contains only meat and salsa, as do many burrito shops here in Phoenix.  They offer a "super burrito" with rice, meat and beans AND guacamole and sour cream + cheese (the latter 3 which I don't want), but charge a hefty $8.00.  The problem here, obviously, is that I don't want to pay extra for something I don't want.  So this is why I ordered it in an "unconventional" way.  I wanted it in a way they weren't offering -- rice, meant and beans only.  I think I now understand why they don't offer it that way -- they expect their customers to drown their food in guacamole, sour cream and cheese in the expectation that they won't experience the real taste and texture of their food.  Taco Bell, with their wide range of poor excuses foor food, makes better tasting food than this place.  Several bites into the burrito I realized that something in the burrito was overwhelmingly bitter or burnt.  There was no home-cookin' aroma or taste like authentic burritos, just bitter and conflicting.  There was nothing pleasant and soul-warming, just confusion and disappointment.

Finally, the prices were quite high.  Given how average their portions were in terms of size, there was no good reason for them to charge so much.  Plus this kind of food can be made deliciously without a lot of expense, it's all a matter of being clever.  Anyone that has to skimp on taste and portions does not know how to run a food business.  

The bakery items looked deliciuous and freshly made, so it's possible that is what's driving their business.  Given my experience with their Mexican food, however, I doubt many people return.  In a sea of Mexican food establishments in Chandler, this is just another over-priced, over-hyped Mexican restaurant.  Next!