The Thrill and the Legend are gone...

Once upon a time, La Paz was one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in the Charlotte area.  So I eagerly awaited the return of this Charlotte Legend, after they shut down their South Blvd. operations.  In many ways, I feel the wait was all for nothing.

I went here, Friday, January 6th on my birthday with a couple of friends.  Its worth noting that at the time, I believe the new La Paz had only been open for business for about 3 or 4 days.  With that being said, our waiter was a cool dude, with a endearing personality, that made me feel a bit better about the otherwise mostly negative aspects of the evening.  Top of these was the fact that it literally took 45min to an hour for my party of four to receive our food upon placing our orders.  Luckily it was my birthday, so there were  tequila shots flowing, which definitely helped pass the time. 

The tequila however, was not enough to offset the fact that the table-side guacamole we ordered was extremely bland.  We had to saturate it with salt and pepper just to give it any taste at all.  When our food finally arrived and hour after we ordered, I have to say I felt let down.  There's no other way to put it.  I ordered the gordo burrito with chicken.  As I remember, the gordo burrito version at the old location was huge and packed with cheeses, queso, meats, and all the other Mexican fillings you'd expect in a monster burrito.  I felt the present version of the gordo was small, skimpy and lacked a healthy serving of chicken.  As for my guess; its not that they felt their food was bad, they stated it was just missing that little something that takes a meal and a restaurant from good to great.

The other sad thing about La Paz redux, is that it feels very corporate.  Nothing from the food, location, bar, or ambiance inside feels authentic or real.  It feels like its being run by people who are more concerned with trendiness and the bottom line, than great tasting food.  To me, this is the definition of a place that "SOLD OUT".  

Everything was just OK, and in my book, "OK" is a disappointment for an establishment that once had it all.  Remember the old saying, "Legends don't die, they just fade away"?  Well, this new rendition of La Paz has proven that the legend of great food, service, atmosphere, drinks, and location are truly dead and gone.