Stopped in early Friday evening. The place as soon as I walked in seemed really clean and inviting. I got a little confused because they had a menu over the registers, so I thought it was like baja fresh where you order your food at the registers. My husband and I were drawn to walking right up to the counter when a waitress quickly walked up to us carrying menus and led us to a table to sit down, so I felt a little awkward. 

The atmosphere was open and bright with all sorts of different clientele. We sat down and right away ordered two margarita's on the rocks. Shortly after a basket of chips and sides of salsa and warm beans were delivered to our table. Our margaritas were pretty good. I ordered the house Margarita instead of the top shelf brand. But the tequila was pretty good tasting. It wasn't a hit you in the face type of drink, but had very good flavor. 

Menu's were given to us and we started looking at all the selection. Pretty nice mixture of fajitas, fish, meat, and poultry. I finally decided on ordering the carne asada cheese enchilada plate. We didn't have to wait very long before our meal was delivered. The portion size was pretty big for the prices, seems like the prices were around $8-$16 a plate. I looked around the restaurant and noticed a salsa bar, so I got up to get some and boo, all the salsa was gone. It was a empty bar. So I was kinda getting the picture of how maybe lunch is done??.. Walk up menu and salsa bar for lunch only. So I was a little disappointed at this point. I walked up to our waitress and asked for additional salsa, and she brought over the mild chunky salsa that was served with the chips earlier. 

Our food was served, and I started carving into my meat and noticed it was very tough. I popped it into my mouth and it was as I thought very chewy. I did eat about half of it before I was done with it. The meat wasn't as favored as I like mine. I took a bite of my cheese enchilada and it was OK, I mean it really didn't have any flavor to it, and I couldn't taste any sauce at all on it. The plate had a huge helping of rice which I didn't get into, not all that impressed with fillers like that overwhelming my plate. I can say this I did feel stuffed by half the meal. 

We had a 1/2 off coupon, buy one meal get one free, but honestly even with getting those coupons in the mail every week, I probably won't be back. It wasn't horrible tasting food, just bland for what I prefer.