Disclaimer:  The following review was made prior to the recent changes (including the menu) at C4.  The review has been updated following the old one ...

The two times that I've been here was to both eat and drink.

The Food: Completely average, but the prices were a pleasant surprise for the Central Corridor.  To start, my gf and I had edemame, which tastes like every other restaurant edemame, only cheaper, which made it taste immediately better than any other.  We then had sushi, which was pretty forgettable, which is another way of saying that i literally don't remember what it was.  For the entree, I had the Mahi sandwhich which was decent, but tasted almost swampy, which was weird.  My gf had the fried tofu, which she did not finish due to her dissatisfaction with it.  Oh well, I considered it inexpensive "bar food" anyway, because the main reason we were there was to drink.

The Drinks:  Are good and the atmosphere is pretty cool.  I actually preferred the set-up of Camus much more however, because the low tables in the bar dining room are waay too short and feel misplaced in there.  They need to invest in some high-tops, and i really miss the cushion back couches lining the wall of Camus.  Oh well ... because then we headed up to the rooftop bar.  

Okay, so on our first two visits, its incomplete.  There is no bar up there or even any service, but according to the staff, its in the works.  When this becomes available, this will be a very cool, very chill spot.  It has the striking urban views of our city's best scraper-lined street, Central Ave and really comfortable couches.  You can take your drinks up there, and they want you to put them in plastic, but just casually sneak your wine glass up there with you and no one will give you heat.    

The three star ranking is a result of:

~  Below average, but inexpensive food
~  Average drink prices
~  Good location
~  Good views
~  Cool rooftop patio


NEW REVIEW:

So, we returned to C4 to check out the new menu and it has been upgraded tremendously.  The food is much better, I had the chili beer short ribs which was smothered in a tasty sauce and fell right off the bone.  Good choice!  My gf's chopped salad was serviceable, but rather dinky.  When Ben, the owner, stopped by to inquire about our thoughts on the food, he said that he agreed with the opinion on the salad and that he would upgrade it immediately.  THAT'S service!

The prices have gone up slightly, but you get what you pay for.  Quality food worth returning for.  We had a delicious frozen lime tart to complete the meal (made in-house!) and we were very sated.

We returned to the rooftop to catch the end of "Sunsets", and lemme tell you, this will be a Valley hot spot in no time.  Word just has to get out.  Its been greatly expanded to cover most of the roof and the views are like no other drinking establishment in town.  People just love to drink up high.  The seating has also been reconfigured to maximize space and the sightline.  

I'll definitely be returning to this place for both the food and atmosphere up top.