I can' t figure this place out...It's authentic Mexican but with Eminem playing in the background, and a gas station decor. Nothing meshes with one another.

My sister and I came in last week for our first visit and they were pretty slow at around 1:30 not typical for this area during the week we had anticipated a wait... we were wrong! Sat right away but when walking in you can hear the servers "arguing" over who was going to take our table because they wanted to go home...Not an all that welcome feel and not a great impression of how our meal was going to go.

We ordered the Guacamole to start along with the chips and salsa they already give you (which were really good) the Guacamole wasn't my favorite (not made to order) i kept adding salt to mine because my sister liked it the way it was I found it extremely weird that we were never given plates to share these things so i kept making a mess everywhere Oopsy! I had the Shrimp Taco's grilled not fried and I liked everything inside but could've done without the Corn Tortillas they had a very rubbery feel and taste to them. the rice and Re-fried beans were tasty also. My sister had the Salad with some white fish on it I was thinking Mahi not sure though she said it was ok. 

Our server wasn't one for the small details like the lack of plates and the lack of refills of our water and tea. He did however knock out a bunch of his side work so he could get out of there! While eating our lunch the 2 servers working insisted on having a conversation about they're dislike for someone they work with and were even dropping the F-Bomb right behind our table and next to us at one point. I did see a gentleman at the bar eating that I do believe was the manager so obviously with that type of leadership the rest of staff will do what they want. I get it you all want to go home/eat your lunch but when you still have customers aren't you suppose to put all of that on hold or even just do it out of plain sight so we don't feel rushed...