I am going to give my honest insights on my experience at Barrio's. The biggest issue I had was with the service. After being told our table was getting cleaned up, we were finally seated 15 minutes later. Furthermore, it took the server 7-10 minutes to acknowledge us and say he would help us in a minute. In this time, the waiter had been  attending the table behind us three times in the time we were completely ignored at our table. Once he took our drink orders and we ordered our appetizer, it took another ten minutes to even get our water. It then took another ten minutes to have our orders taken. This happened after my sister got up from the table to talk to the manager about the time that had passed. Sometimes I can't help to notice that the value on service in a restaurant comes from the leadership. This was apparent when my sister talked to the manager...

Needless to say, our food took forever to come and was completely lackluster. I ordered the carne asada tacos which were good as they should be for $13. I dabbled in the various dishes my table ordered and wasn't impressed by the textures and flavors. The table side guacamole was small, had too much lime juice, and was slapped together effortlessly. The funny part is that we waited 30 minutes for this guacamole I could've made at home but instead I paid $12. How embarrassing! 

When we got our check, we noticed the 20% gratuity added because of our party of seven. I understand adding gratuity but it finally made sense why we were given horrid service because the service didn't have to work for the tip. Also, not often do I find the gratuity at 20% and on top of that, for such lousy service. It was quite a disappointing experience. I have always heard good things about this place but unfortunately I believed what I heard.

The reason why I didn't give this place one star is because the tacos tasted good. However, even with a decent plate of tacos, it doesn't overcome a very disappointing experience. If you need recommendations of a place to eat, let me know. I'm all about supporting local businesses but this isn't one of them.