Sadly, I am forced to agree with Leslie M who wrote on 4/10. This was one of my favorite places to visit, to introduce newcomers to, treat family and friends, and for a time I'd visit once every two months or so. My previous three visits have not gone so well; I'll relate my latest visit which took place just over a week ago. A friend attempted to make reservations for two on a Thursday. He was told that due to a policy change by  Richardson, a reservation for two on a Thursday could no longer be taken, as there was disappointment that their business for tables of 4 or more were suffering. Okay, I can understand, business decisions have to be made, but cut your nose off to spite your face? However, the woman that answered the phone let us know there should be no problem getting a table. I was seated shortly before my friend arrived so I had a chance to look over the menu. To my surprise, some changes have been made. First, a salad choice (and they're all very typically very yummy), anyway, a choice is no longer offered. Instead, the house salad is offered at $4 with the entree purchase. Next, a statement is now printed across the top of the menu letting the patron know "you order it, you bought it"...is this REALLY necessary? While the server and busboy were friendly and helpful (my water glass was never empty), my $4 house salad arrived about 90 seconds before our entrees did. Oh, the accompanying bread was hard as stone and arrived with my salad, while an attentive server should have brought it along just after our drinks were served, as my dinner partner hadn't ordered a salad. Oh, my friend, he's typically a big fan of the Steak Rokerij, and absolutely loves the crab/hollandaise sauce mixture. As normal, he asked for more sauce. On this visit, we found $10 added to the check for that request. We found that unusual for Rokerij. Things have certainly changed. I was willing to overlook these changes, after all, the economy is poor these days. I excused myself to use the men's room. After all, we did have Chimay (Rokerij has never had a wide beer selection). I found the towel basket to be so PACKED with paper-towels, I couldn't get one out of the basket, which is on a vanity so small, when you turn the water on, the towels become soaked. This explains the stained, linen towel basket liner...the stains were grays and greens. Overall, I feel that these things add up to failing to pay attention to detail. It's a shame really. I really hope the best for Richardson and hope Rokerij can return to it's former self.