One star for the trivia, one star for the food. The other three stars were knocked off for each time I had to ask for a to-go box. I know that sounds harsh, but the service was really bad. 

I received attitude from the bartender from the jump. Giving dirty looks and being really short with me and my boyfriend when ordering our beers when we asked a simple question about our tab. Just really annoyed and short with us. 

The waitress was very nice but I ordered a burrito and it was supposed to come with a side of tortilla chips. When my food was dropped off by a food runner, I was missing my chips. I kept waiting for the waitress to come by to check on us, but she did not. So I flagged someone down and asked them nicely to relay the message or send the waitress our way. That did not work either. It was not until probably 30 minutes later, when the waitress topped by, I mentioned that I never received my chips. She looked at me and said "do you actually still want them?" YES! It was actually a factored in decision in why I chose the dish that I did. I am at a nacho place and I wanted some chips but I don't like soggy topped nacho chip dishes and I wanted to have some leftovers for lunch the next day. So I get a burrito that I can scoop with chips and save half of it for the next day. Yeah I want my chips! I also asked for a to-go box for the first time at that time. She dropped off the chips about 5 minutes later and I reminded her of the to-go box again. When she brought the check around, she even looked at me and went "oh yeah, to-go box, I forgot that" the moment she looked at me. I had to remind her again when she came to pick up our paid/signed bill slips and then she finally brought it. 

It was busy because of the trivia night. The actual dining area looked pretty dead and the bar area was packed. People were getting drinks and food all night. They really should have been better prepared. The waitress was nice, but never came around or was forgetful. The bartender was full of atitude everytime I had to interact with her. What would make me want to go to this establishment again? Only the trivia and I would then maybe eat before I go to avoid the food chaos.