After hawking the dos caminos website like a creep since the abrupt shutdown a while back, I was to finally enjoy the delicious food I sinfully craved. I was ready for a mission! Loose fitting clothing ... Check! Somewhat starved family... Check! Husband prepared for the financial damage.. Check! There was no way I could fail!

Forgetting this was a mission that had to be completed by two parties! Dos had to deliver or I'd be fighting a war of devastation.... And I deed that ended up being the case! 

We ordered guacamole, chips and salsa, the trio bocadito ( may be the name of the app), two kids slider meals, 1 kids quesadilla, smoked brisket enchiladas, and the short rib barbacoa. 

The guacamole app was the initial warning enforce the storm! Call me 730 coocoo but they used to offer the guacamole trio... Not anymore . What ev! So the guacamole was ok, but I needed more salt, there was none. (Can't you just not stand when a restaurant fees the food s so on point that salt and pep are not needed. . Well exsqueeze me for having such a palate) the salsas were ok. My fave was the red one.. Salt would have helped. Also not sure what was up with the chips but they were chewy as the first review stated. On to the main dishes. To begin, when do kids sliders resemble three hamburgers from McDonald's, minus the fact that they're served medium!!! What kid eats a medium burger?? 14$ down the drain. The cheese quesadilla was inedible smothered in cheese, I couldn't let my son (10 months) risk that cardiac attack so i sent it back! The beef short rib ish was flavorful, but the meat wasn't as tender as it could have been! It made it a bit rough to enjoy. The smoked brisket was ok also, just a king a bit in flavor. 

I feel this day coulda just been a clusterfracked day for them being it was opening day. Waaaay too many people in your grill when your eating, food just not up to par. Prices for quality ratio out of wack! I really wanted to enjoy my meal but 100$ tab left me feeling sick and confused as to what happened! Maybe ill come back in about a year when the pace gets a bit more established.