This place is near me and was rated well, so I thought I'd give it a go.  I was pretty disappointed, sad to say.  My first bad feeling was seeing a large window painting reading "Jesus is still the reason for the season" and I got the feeling they weren't referring to the cook.  Being pagan, this made me kind of wary, as if I needed to hide who I was in order to eat there.  Upon entering the restaurant, my guest and I were blasted with music so loud we had to yell to hear each other while deciding what to order.

My guest decided on a chicken quesadilla harina.  I got a five taquito combo, a chicharron quesadilla maiz and a taco pastor, with a jamaica.  This order came to $22.56.

My guest's quesadilla and my Jamaica were pretty tasty.  The taco was surprisingly small, but decent.  Though, I didn't feel the pastor lived up to the reviews here.

I am a big fan of the chicharron I've bought from a local carniceria, which is fried until crispy.  This was mushy, obviously not fried and I could not eat it.  I will eat nearly anything, but I am a texture person and the fatty mushiness squicked me out.  I picked out all the chicharron, filled it with the grilled onions, salsa verde and sour cream and it was delicious that way, leading me to believe that a future order with a different meat would be good.  The maiz part was a sort of thick tortilla I've never had before and was fried to a lovely golden brown, having a good, crisp bite to it.

The taquito combo was great, as expected, but again, they were on the small side, being made with the same tortillas as the taco.

I'm not sure if this is a different style of Mexican food than I'm used to (I usually go with Sonoran or baja style) or an off night or what.  The customer service was excellent and the food delivered very quickly.  The salsa/veggie bar was also good.  My guest and I both really liked the carrots.  They tasted a bit like hot pickles.  I will probably give this place one more try and see if I like some other selections more.  I also look forward to trying out their Sonoran hot dog food truck parked in front of the restaurant.