Tried Mercadito over the Labor Day weekend. While I want to rate this place a 3 star, deep down it's really deserves just 2. My GF and I arrived a little after 5:00 on Saturday evening.

Service -

The hostess was prompt and our seating was immediate. Our server was pleasant and seemed knowledgeable regarding their menu and the offerings behind their theme.

Throughout our meal, our server and staff were attentive and responsive. Drink order was taken promptly and cocktails were on our table in good time. Our water glasses were maintained.

Food -

While I really enjoyed the flavors of the tacos. There were some missteps for me here. One is that I believe that chips and salsa should be standard at a premium priced restaurant like this one. Charging $3.50 for a "salsa tasting" is a bit cheap, when you are charging $14.50 for 4 small tacos per plate. 

We tried 4 plates of tacos Camaron (shrimp), Pollo (chicken), Carne Asada (steak) and Pastor (pork). They tasted great, with exception of the Carne Asada which we sent back.

Also, though ordered premium tequilas, the cocktails we a bit too steep given the  use of rocks glasses with heavy ice. 2 Don Julio Margaritas $32, 2 Fortaleza Margaritas $34... I'm sure you get the picture. 

Atmosphere -

For me, while the interior is visually pleasing, the interior is way too narrow and small. First of all, I have a personal grudge against establishments that use bench seating and this one uses it throughout. There are a few booths, but the entire restaurant feels cramped and claustrophobic to me.

Also, I feel that the dress code is too relaxed and doesn't reflect the pricing point. I shouldn't see flip flops and shorts abound in the interior dining room. For the patio area that's fine, but that should be regulated better.

This is maybe a Happy Hour place where you might meet for a drink at the bar and then proceed with the rest of your evening somewhere else. Overall, while the food and service were probably worth 3 stars, the headwinds of pricing and atmosphere keep it at 2 stars for me.