Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy. Where do I start...

First off I'll say that I'm pretty fair when it comes to eating out. I've lived around the globe and have eaten things that would make most people... well, you know.

But sometimes there are places that have strikes against them right from the get go. Such was the case with Lulu's Taco Shop.

The restaurant was well kept with the usual Mexican decor strewn about the walls.  Mariachi music filling the room. Tables, chairs yada, yada, yada. Nice place for a taco shop.

Now the strikes -

Strike One: 
 As another poster noted, 75 cent charge on all cards. ALL CARDS? Not a huge deal but a ding none-the-less. Fortunately I had some cash on me (which is unusual). Yes, I know the burden of paying that fee falls on the restaurant but that is made up in the cost of goods rendered is it not?

Strike Two:
 My wife and I ordered the taco plates (two tacos, rice & beans). When asked if we would like chips and salsa with that I replied "sure!" To which the young lady behind the cash register said "That'll be $4.00" O.o??? Four bucks? For chips? They weren't even freshly made chips! Needless to say, after all was said and done, I got out of there $24.00 short of cash. For that I could have eaten at Arriba's and been served my food and have all you can eat chips, salsa and bean dip. At Lulu's you pay a high price and are still expected to get up and get your meal when they yell out your order. Just rubbed me the wrong way.

Not happy so far....

Strike Three:
 Location. If it wasn't for the fact that one of the best restaurants in Gilbert is literally 50 feet to the south, it may not have been so bad but as I sat eating my (ahem) $4.00 little basket of store bought chips, I kept looking over at Flancer's wishing for a Chili Verde Birdie Turkey sandwich. That was almost unbearable.

One other little thing that I noticed was their beef is obviously grass-fed and not corn-fed. You get the distinct smell of hay or a stable as you chew your meat. Maybe it was just me but it was definitely there.

All in all, Lulu's is just okay. Not terrible food-wise but for what you pay, service could have been way better. Will I go back? Probably not. You'll find me 50 feet to the south.... ;-)

Cheers!
Shawn