Went to see a movie with the hubby today and decided to stop and get some lunch before,we had a choice between the sandbar and blu burger, I made the wrong choice! Dont get me wrong ive been to the sandbar at night on the weekend and I loved it but I didnt eat anything those times and frankly I didnt even know they served food during the day.Anyways so we show up and its kind of weird looking around this place while its light outside! But we are seated at a booth by the kitchen.....I hate sitting by the kitchen! not because I think im better than anyone else but because I dont like people looking at me when I eat, I usually have food falling out of my mouth or something when the servers look at me lol.I ordered the chicken chimi and the hubby ordered a steak burrito, they both came with rice and beans, I thought we would get some chips and salsa to munch on but that didnt happen,the drink glasses are big so you dont have to get a million refills.when our food arrived I looked at it and knew it was going to be horrible.the chimi had no sauce on it and just a little bit of melted mozzarella cheese on top....mozzarella on mexican food? then I looked at the rice and laughed,the rice they use is like the lipton mexican rice you get in the grocery store,I actually think thats what they use! the beans were flavorless and had more mozzarella cheese on them, come on people! the chimi was ok,not very much flavor and not very good.Now there are mexicans cooking this food I wonder what they think about this.the hubby liked his burrito though......not much coming from him though because he liked the rice! my hubby is a total white boy and im guessing thats why he liked it! Now im white also but I lived with a mexican family for 6 years so I know what REAL mexican food is and that  is what I expect when I go to a mexican restaurant,That didnt happen here and I will never go back here.....to eat that is!  so if you like totally Americanized mexican restaurants you may like the sandbar but if you actually know what real mexican food looks and tastes like your going to be very very disappointed with this place!