Well, I must say we are frequent visitors of CABO because of thier fajitas.  Usually pretty consistent.  We've had a few issues over the years but nothing that wasnt fixed.

Over the last couple weeks we have been twice and seen a rapid decline in thier customer service.  Last Saturday night around 10pm (time may have been a problem), we walked in and either intrerupted employee's discussion at the bar because either they were laughing at their convo or laughing at us.  Immediately we felt awkward walking in.  Only a few tables had people being that it was a little on the late side.  We were served some stale chips and salsas which we had some of while we waited for our drink order or dinner order for that matter-which never happen.  Apparently it was social hour amongst the Cabo staff because after 20 minutes of waiting for someone we looked around in sloooow motion (like in a movie) and the employees were in multiple areas chit chatting instead of taking care of their customers.  We waited a few more minutes and were so disgusted that we left and went somewhere else for a late night dinner.  :( big bummer.

Now LAST NIGHT, we were seated around 7pm Friday night...the place was pretty busy.  We were served our STALE chips with all the crumbs at the bottow.  Seems like a usual....hm.  The salsa a little watered down.  BTW I must say BF very disappointed that the salsa verde is not being served anymore.  :(  Anyways, our server Colleen - has worked there so long....and has lost her luster.  She looked so worn down and was not happy to be there at all....barely talked to us.  I rememember when she first started to work there she had a pep in her step....not anymore. :(  Anyways, regardless of the chips and salsa and service....our fajitas were good.....on a happy note.  I do love amazing chips and salsa though..thats part of going to a mexican restaurant.....that they dont have anymore.

1 star on the chips and salsa, 2 stars on service and 3 stars on the fajitas (still not deserving 3 stars).....all to leave a little desired for being the BEST place to work in Las Vegas~Station Casinos. ;)  Customer service is key Mr. Fratita!