I was so excited to try this place because of its close proximity to my casa & they have a Groupon this week! Duh. When I saw someone's picture of a Mexican Pizza, I was sold. The chips & salsa were decent (especially considering their free-ness), but everything else was very sub-par compared to other Mexican restaurants. I let my husband handle the ordering because he always complains about the "weird" stuff I order, so we got the Mexican pizza & surprisingly, you can choose the protein that goes inside! He chose the shredded beef since I've seen many good reviews for it, as well as the huge Super Mex carnitas burrito. 

When I was a kid, I used to LOVE the Mexican Pizza from Taco Bell. I thought it was the best thing ever, so crispy & fatty & what not. The Mexican pizza looked great, until I tried to get a piece. It was so soggy I had to use two forks to pick it up and we all had to eat it with a knife & fork because we couldn't pick it up like the Mexican pizza of my childhood. In hind sight, I think that the shredded beef may not have been the best choice to go on a Mexican pizza because it's usually swimming in juice right before they ladel it. I MAY try this again with steak next time (if there is one), or just something that's not so watery. Another problem I had with it was that some of the chunks of shredded beef were WAY too big. I had one that was 2in. x 2in. Who wants a piece of beef that huge in a fallen apart Mexican pizza? Not me! I want my beef actually shredded thanks, not the cow delivered to me to shred. 

The carnitas burrito was pretty gross. My favorite carnitas is from the Amigos Tacos, not far from here, but this carnitas was shredded, dry, and chewy. Wamp. They also put crappy iceberg lettuce in their burritos which I should have read and asked for them to exclude. I think iceberg lettuce has a crappy flavor when combined with Mexican food because it tastes so bitter. They just don't go together. So, bill pre-Groupon was $22. Not bad considering the amount of food we got. We actually brought home the majority of the burrito which is surprising because I'm usually a food disposal and I never had left overs, but unfortunately, I didn't think any of this food was worth the calories so I didn't do my standard over-eating. Hey, I guess this place is great if you're on a diet, because you won't have too much that's edible and enjoyable.