I came with husband and toddler to try out restaurant. The first thing we noticed on the door was two signs, "No one under 18," and "No weapons allowed." I got concerned whether or not this was a restaurant and hookah bar, or just a hookah bar that would not allow the toddler in with us. Luckily, the waiter told us it was alright to come in with the child. While getting sat down, the waiter told us the restaurant did not have any booster or high chairs. We knew would have to hold the child while eating which would be uncomfortable, but were hungry and decided to stay. There was another table being served besides us.

I was seeking Mediteranian food and found this restaurant on yelp. The menu was a book with pictures that don't show the description that well. I ordered the steak skewer plate which came with potatoes, even thought the steak skewer in the picture on the menu looked burned. It was around an additional $2 to add salad to the steak skewer and potatoes. I didn't get the salad because usually other places include the salad with the dish. The plate was around $13. 

There was a Mexican section in the menu. The pictures of the Mexican food did not look Mexican. There was also a Russian and American section. 

The steak and potatoes tasted good. The cons were that I did not get full because the portions were not proportioned adequate. The plate presentation was plain.

The waiter was friendly, but I felt unwelcome in the environment due to other environmental factors, as well the restaurant not feeling family friendly.

The environment did not match. It's a open seating area that looks like a big cabin that has an industrial looking ceiling with a small chandelier in the center, with decoration that is from Spain and Middle East, with traditional and Tuscan furniture mixed up. 

I noticed that restaurant had a list of alcoholic drinks served on each table, probably for the hookah population. On the list, there was a drink called wet p****. It was definitely not kid friendly. Luckily our toddler cannot read or ask questions.

From reading the previous reviews written, I agree with the previous review written on March 8, 2015. If this place is going to be a hookah bar and restaurant, it needs some work. I question if the other reviews are authentic because they sound like they are promoting the place and all gave this place five stars, which misled me.