Went to Arriba Mexican Grill the other day for lunch w/ my wife and son.  We went late (about 3 pm), and the place was nearly empty.  

Let me start this review by saying that I read many of the reviews posted by other Yelpers, and we have had many of the same experiences w/ this place.  All of our bad experiences in the past were do to very poor customer service.  When I read about the grouchy greeters and the surly servers, it was like a trip back in time.  

At one point, back around 2000-03; we were going to Aribba 2, sometimes 3 times per week.  We were regulars, but never treated as such.  Same snotty greeters and servers who wanted to be somewhere else.  We liked the food, and there were a couple of servers that were very good at their jobs.  This is why we kept going back.  Unfortunately, it just got to the point that the good servers were replaced by poor ones.  We stopped going, and went to Ajo Al's instead.

On to the present.  We decided to give Arriba a try after a self imposed exile of about 6 years. 

New greeters, however same old problem...not welcomed, greeter and server at hostess station talking about who knows what.

We were seated, and chips, salsas, and bean dip were brought out quickly.  Fortunately, the chips were hot and fresh.  The bean dip was good, w/ a little spice in it.  The mild salsa didn't do much for me, but the hot salsa was favorable, and was good when mixed w/ the bean dip.

Our server was quick and efficient, and brought our drinks out quickly.  I ordered the lunch chimi, my wife ordered the lunch poco pollo con queso, and Jr. had his usual bean and cheese burrito.  

The food did come hot and fast.  I ordered the red chile chimi w/ red enchilada sauce, and substituted the black beans for refried.  The red chile was good; rich w/ good flavor.  The rice was the standard affair, nothing to write home about.  The black beans were good, but just a tad bit watery.  

The only complaint I had was the size of the chimi.  It looked like it was a deep fried enchilada, not a burrito.  I understand that I ordered off the lunch menu, but this thing was tiny!  For almost $10.00, I expected a little more (like Ajo Al's, or Valle Luna).

My wife liked her dish, but it was also on the small side.

Jr. loved the bean and cheese burrito (for the most part, he's pretty easy).

With many other options for Mexican food in the north Glendale area, I'm not sure if/when we'll be back.  The service was good, the chips and salsa were good, even the main part of the meals were good; but the very small entree size won't bring me back anytime soon.

Arriba likes to make the claim of using Hatch chiles, and having New Mexico style food.  If you really want to try some New Mexico style food, I suggest Si Señor in Chandler, or Los Dos Molinos in Phoenix. In my opinion, both of these restaurants out do Arriba Mexican Grill by a long shot.

2.5 stars, there are other restaurants where they at least act happy to see you!