We have been in Vegas since Sunday and this was the second time we ate here. I was pretty skeptical because of the reviews but by the time I saw them, we'd already been seated inside.

Trip 1 was for dinner. The restaurant was pretty empty but the service was excellent and so was the food. I had a chicken fajita burrito with rice and beans on the side. It was delicious. I thought the reviews were wrong. The only negative was the pricing seemed a little high. 

Wellllll, trip 2 was the absolute opposite experience. We went for breakfast this time. They drew us in with 99 cent bloody marys. They were good... Had to order doubles so they came in a standard glass and not a kiddie cup.  

The service was slow (and slow is being nice). Our waitress was horrible. It took at least 10 minutes for her to even come over after we were seated. We ordered our drinks and she asked for our IDs. I was having trouble finding mine in my purse and our drinks came out before she came back to look at the ID which I thought was funny. It should have been a clue as to how "on top of things" she'd be. 

Anyway, we ordered food and once the food came, she brought our bill, told us to let her know if we needed anything else, and scurried off before we could order another round and ask her to separate our checks.  She didn't come back for at least 15 minutes and that's no exaggeration. At that point, she tried to take our bill -- which had no payment in it because we weren't finished. We ordered our second round and requested out bills be separated. The waitress told us that she would need to find the manager to do that and acted as if it was a major inconvenience.

Again, she didn't come back for about 15 minutes. In the mean time, I watched her dig in the trash can on two separate occasions looking for things she'd thrown away.... Who knows if she washed her hands. 

She finally saw me staring at her and I guess she remembered we needed our bills. She brought them and since I paid with my card, she wanted to see my ID again. I really couldn't have gotten out of there any faster.  It was a terrible experience.

The only reason I rated this place two stars and not one was because of the dinner experience.