I went to Fremont Street hoping to finally try LeThai. But as is my luck with any Tony Hsieh supported business I had another bad experience as LeThai was closed. So I head back to the parking garage at the El Cortez hungry and wondering what to do. I step out of the elevator and see Mamacita's. Or is it Mamita's? Heck if I know, it's Mexican food, my second most favorite thing except pizza. I punch the down button, a couple steps through the casino and across Fremont has me inside waiting on someone to help me. 

Mamacita's is s-l-o-w. Like the polar ice caps will be melted by the time they get to you slow. I grabbed a seat and waited to get a menu. I waited to get salsa, which by the way they brought chips and a medium and a hot salsa, both of which were good. I waited to finally get someone to take my order. Meanwhile I'm sitting there facing Fremont St. watching ESPN on the flat screen on the wall and waiting some more. Finally I get my lunch special, a taco, enchilada, rice, and beans. They used regular beans, not dehydrated beans which was a surprise of sorts. The taco was crispy but had me relying heavily on the salsa to make it good. And everything else was just ho-hum. 

I also ordered ice tea, which was good but they brought out the sugar tray and all it had in it was artificial sweetners. I'm sorry but I only do real sugar when I'm out, or Xyla at home, I won't use anything else. So not having real sugar on the table was something I didn't like. 

I got a phone call so I had to leave and it took forever to get someone's attention and to get my check. I tried to hand my server my debit card but she ignored it, went up and printed my ticket then came back and got it. Seriously, I needed to go at that point, when I tell you to just run the damn card, run the damn card. 

If I was on Fremont Street and hungry I might come back here again. But if you're on a tight lunch hour this is NOT a place you even want to consider. They take slow to a whole other place and it's not good. Also decor wise it's kinda cool but the 80's music and other crap gets old very quickly. 

2 Stars: It's just not all that.