TacoQuest 2013 hits a rough patch

Needing to grab a quick bite to eat before heading out of town for my daughter's basketball game, I dropped by El Pastor for some carry out nourishment.  

I ordered a trio of tacos: the pastor, the lengua and the aguacate.

The verdict:  Exceedingly average.  While better than the slop served by Taco Bell, it is well below the quality of the tacos I have recently enjoyed at America Latina or Los Gemelos.

The $1.99 aguacate taco was a big tube of goo and impossible to eat on the go.  It was a puree of avocado and refried beans topped with lettuce, tomato and onions.  Any attempt to pick it up would result in the unsupported end dumping the contents on my lap. Even with a healthy dose of salsa, this dish was bland and uninspired.

The $1.99 lengua taco has had numerous flaws.  Unlike the aguacate taco, there was a great deal of textural contrast, but not in a good way. While most of the meat was tender and well seasoned, every other bite yielded a morsel that had the texture of well-chewed bubble gum, not what I wanted to encounter on my virgin foray with beef tongue.  To make matters worse, the roughly diced onions that topped this taco had an extremely sulfuric taste that overpowered the rest of the dish.  The last problem I had with this taco was how it was packaged for my carryout order.  It was double wrapped in paper and foil, so the corn tortillas were well steamed when I opened up the packaging and they disintegrated when I tried to pick it up.  The one positive was that generous amount of meat filling.   

The $1.99 pastor taco was the best prepared of the three tacos, but that was the only thing going for it.  The pork filling was generous in quantity and but again under seasoned.  I did not detect any of the pineapple that usually provides an accent to this dish. The salsa I received with my order did not help things out much.   It was similar to the bottled salsa I find at the local Piggly Wiggly (and that is not a good attribute for a Mexican restaurant).  

Since this was a carry out order, I cannot comment about the service, other than the hostess was courteous and my food was ready to go within five minutes of ordering it.