It pains - PAINS - me to write this review, as I was a HUGE fan of this location when it was known as Taqueria Guanajuato.  Unfortunately, it appears to have suffered some drastic changes - none really for the better, and here's why.

I loved the old Guanajuato.  The burritos were massive and featured loads of tender steak, gobs of fresh onion, heaps of cilantro, and a nice mix of lettuce and tomato.  The steak was always seasoned to perfection, expertly seared, and heaped into the quality flour tortilla.  Oh man, my mouth waters just thinking about those good 'ole days...

So imagine my shock when I spied a new sign (with a similar, yet new name)... 

On Halloween weekend, I ventured in and ordered a steak taco and a steak burrito.  The taco was excellent - soft corn tortilla, a fair amount of steak, and a nice mix of onion and cilantro.  No tricks there.

The burrito was still massive, but seemed light on the steak.  It also came filled with steamed white rice, which was a new one on me... the old Guanajuato never had rice in their burrito...

Alas, the taco was tasty, the burrito passable, and the salsa bar solid, so all things considered, I left the new Guanajuantense "treated" and happy.  

Fast forward from Halloween to today.

Arrived at noon and found just one older couple sitting at a table eating.  Out came the familiar menu and thick corn tortilla chips.  I placed my usual order - steak burrito; my dining partner followed suit.

We bellied-up to the salsa bar: check.  Still solid.  Note: a lot of the salsas pack a punch, so be prepared.

Out came the burritos. From afar, they still looked monstrous - yet something was amiss.  As the waitress approached, I could tell that the tortillas were new - they appeared to be a "flavored" tortilla - like a tomato basil?  Or a cheese-infused tortilla?  Hmmm.

She placed the 2-pound behemouths in front of us and I recoiled in horror.  The burritos, which once featured a heaping mound of beef now featured a heaping mound of yellow rice, mixed with canned corn and - wait for it - CANNED PEAS?!  What?

I quickly tore open the "burrito" and dissected it to find: large quanties of the rice/corn/pea mix, a boatload of lettuce, 4-5 diced chunks of tomato, 4-5 diced chunks of onion, 3-4 sprigs of cilantro, and maybe 3 ounces of beef... So... gone was the quality steak; it was replaced with this unholy rice/corn/pea mixture.

I was so disappointed.  I appologized profusely to my coworker - I swore this wasn't the way I remembered Guanajuato.  He thought his burrito tasted "ok," but did comment that there was a lot of rice.  Sigh.

I suspect they're cutting a few corners... granted, steak is expensive, but why not make the burrito a little smaller and use less rice?  Truly disappointing.

La Guanajuantense = FAIL

Food = 1.5 stars (too much filler in the burritos; salsa bar is still excellent)
Service = 3 stars (friendly staff)
Value = 1.5 stars ($8 for a rice burrito with lettuce and a hint of steak)
MISC = 2 stars (nothing exciting about the place)

Looks like I'm back on the hunt for a quality burito.