2.5 stars is more like it -- but  I can't give it 3, I want to cause the servers are all super nice, but the food. Man the food isn't very special -- and some of it was bad. 

I've been here a few times, that said, the only thing I have gotten that was wonderful were the chips and salsa that they give you for free. 5/5

I'm not one to like salty food to begin with, so I usually have the opposite complaint - but I don't think they use any salt or pepper when preparing food. Yes, there is salt on the table, however when fillings are completely unseasoned, sprinkling the top isn't really going to help. In addition, you can't stir the sauce covering enchiladas or burritos, so adding table salt is fruitless. I digress. 

Yolandas - Chicken was stringy, tasted like uncrisp chicken skin (but was meat) and chewy. Red sauce was flavorless. I wouldn't order it again and I'd advise others to avoid. 1/5

Cheese Enchiladas - Corn tortilla that didn't have the typical taste or texture of a corn tortilla. No subtle sweet hint of corn, no  grit -- a whole like like a flour tortilla. Cheese was flavorless. I thought maybe the sauce was drowning out the cheese, but it was also on my beans and I couldn't taste it there either.  Sauce, first of all way too much on the plate probably 2 cups -- and it tasted faintly of metal can, chili powder, and a hint of cayenne. With sauce scraped off 2/5.

Beef enchilada - same underwhelming tortilla and sauce as the cheese enchilada with under seasoned beef.  The beef did melt in your mouth - super moist. 2/5

Beef taco - stale shell, same under seasoned beef. 0/5 -- because the shell was that horrible.

Rice - just like Uncle Ben used to make. Flavorless and no veggies, but cooked well. 2/5

Beans - with added salt, they were standard issue. 3/5

Guacamole - super flavorful in a sea of bland. 4/5

There is a note on the menu about not all Mexican food being spicy - I appreciate that because a lot of people complain if it is not spicy it's not "authentic". I really want to make real clear that isn't what I am talking about. A lot of the food lack any actual flavor - cheese enchiladas tasted just like the beef with a slight textural difference. The rice tasted like it white rice right out of the box. Beans needed salt added to be "ok" tasting. Etc. Etc. 

Service is usually good, sometimes slow though. Last time, the food came out pretty slow. There were 2 tables of 2-4 people already eating when we arrived, and it took 30 minutes to get food. And one group came in while we were there, so they didn't get swamped.

The decor is nice. No dollar store sombreros and real wood stools and benches.