I really wanted to like this place.  We were driving through Dormont, saw all of the neon lights and turned around to check it out.  There was a "Victory" sign, which is a sign of excellent Pennsylvania beer, and after living in Southern California for eight years, I became quite the Mexican food junkie.  About a mile up the road is the place where I got my first sampling of Mexican Food in the 70s, Jose and Tony's, which has lost its luster under the new ownership, so Mexi-Casa sounded like our new hope in my old stomping ground.

Well, they did have good beer on tap - ONE good beer.  Victory Hop Devil is an old favorite, and I buy it often.  There was something not quite right about the 22-ounce Hop Devil that I was served. (Besides the whopping $7.25 purchase price...)  It didn't taste right, and I know what it's supposed to taste like.

The menu got my hopes up.  It was quite extensive, and I quickly decided on the "Soon-To-Be-Famous" steak burrito, because nobody can resist advertising like that.  My partner got a trio of tacos - grilled chicken, taco meat, and steak.

While we were waiting for our food to be prepared, we munched a basket of tortilla chips and salsa, which I immediately identified as being produced by Reyna Foods in the Strip District.  Yay!  Reyna makes the best chips and salsa in the city.  SCORE!  We loved the chips and salsa and didn't mind paying $5.50.  My partner's margarita was pretty good, but the bartender looked at us with a blank stare on her face when I asked if she could get us a BLUE margarita, my favorite drink up the street at Jose and Tony's.  Nope.

When the food arrived, I admired the presentation, but was quickly disappointed, because despite the fact that my burrito was quite a handful, it was absolutely the most bland tasting burrito I had ever had.  All I could taste was virtually unseasoned rice and a very large amount of refried beans.  The steak inside had zero flavor, and I had to pile on large amounts of the Reyna salsa to get any flavor at all.  Unseasoned meat piled up with rice and beans in a large flour tortilla does NOT a burrito make...

My partner's tacos were three different meats, but were virtually indistinguishable.  The ingredients had virtually no seasoning whatsoever.  In fact, we shared quite a snicker when we looked inside the "steak" taco, which was highlighted by little strips of sliced up "Steak-Ums," totally unseasoned, overcooked, cardboard pieces of "meat."

Well, the people working there were very nice, and they had a pretty good crowd when we walked in.  I decided that I will give this place another chance and try something else on the menu next time, but it is my sincere hope that in the meantime, someone will bring the blandness factor to the owner's attention.  Even if my bill had been half of what it was, I would have walked out thoroughly dissatisfied, because the place is actually pretty nice, and the servers are very nice, and it's in one of my favorite parts of town.  It really deserves one-and-a-half stars for tonight, anyway...

I would have given this dining experience a SINGLE star had it not been for the fact that the people working there were so friendly.