I was so excited to try this place. I was hangry but nothing sounded good until my husband suggested pupusas. I couldn't wait to get them pupusas in my belly stat! I went with my husband and friend. Right off the bat we told the waitress we wanted separate checks and she was cool with that. 

 I ordered horchata, pupusa de frijol, pupusa de pollo con queso and a flan. My husband ordered 2 pupusas de loroco and a pupusa revuelta. 

My horchata tastes horrible. It left a weird burnt aftertaste in my mouth but they let me exchange it for another drink. Why an horchata would taste like that is beyond me. When the food came out the waitress forgot our silverware. Not a big deal. She brought them after we let her know. My pupusas were good, I liked the beans better than the chicken one. My husband got 3 loroco and no revuelta. We informed the waitress of the mistake and she seemed to have a hard time understanding the problem. The conversation went something like this: (it was in Spanish so I'm translating to English)

"I ordered 2 loroco and one revuelta and I got all 3 loroco"
"What did you order?"
"I ordered 2 loroco and 1 revuelta"
"And what did you get?"
"I got all 3 loroco"
"So what is the problem, I'm not understanding"
(At this point we all start chiming in "it's not what he ordered, you gave him the wrong thing)
"It's not what I ordered"
"So what do you want me to do"
"I want you to fix it"
"So do you want to buy another pupusa?"
"You know what, forget it. It's fine"
"It's ok I'll just get you another pupusa"

She did not return until 30 min after we finished our meal and only because we called her over. She did not bring the pupusa and she forgot about the flan. I should mention the place was pretty empty so she was not overwhelmingly busy. We asked for the flan and our check and reminded her we wanted separate checks. So she asked us to tell her exactly what we each ordered again so we did. 

The flan I got was slightly burnt. The flan my friend got was delicious. :/ and of course my husband never got his pupusa revuelta. When she came back with the check she told me, "I charged you for your friends flan" umm...Ok. When it was time to sign she just stood there waiting while I calculated the tip and signed. It was so awkward having her stare at me while I did this. Needless to say I won't be coming back.