Well...First off, I LOVE good Mexican food.  We arrived around 6:00.  The place was PACKED.   I put in my name, and was told around 15 minutes.   We took a seat 15 feet from the receptionist.  25 minutes later, I asked when we would be seated and our name had been crossed off the list.  I told her that they seated the wrong people and she snapped "Well there must have been two people with your name".   I did not see another "Hamburgerler" on the list and pointed that out to her.  In her snotty attitude she came back with something, but I was walking away to tell my wife it was time to leave.  Before I had a chance, someone said "Sir, I have your table."  Reluctantly, we followed and were seated in the worst table in the restaurant located in a cold echo chamber between two tables filled with 8 people on the left and 12 on the right.  The people on the right were having a party with lots of drinks and lots of loud voices making it impossible to carry on any kind of conversation with my wife.  All I ever heard her say was how cold she was.

We placed an order and started with the Queso Fundido, which was more Queso than Fundido and I was looking for more Fundido than Queso.  It was basically a cheese dip only appitized and neither of us would order it again.

Next we both had the Carne Asada.   It took 25 minutes to get the main entre and the meat and vegetables were OUTSTANDING.  The Refried beans were ... uh ... bland, can't really find a word.   We had to ask the waitress why we didn't get any tortillas that are suppose to come with the meal and 15 minutes they made an appearance.  Of course my food was half gone, and my wife's food was untouched and cold (cold room) because she was waiting for the tortillas. She barely ate anything and NOBODY ever asked either of us if everything was ok, or even how we liked, it or anything.

To summarize our experience at Tia Rosa Taqueria - Eating out is expensive and should not be a hassle.  In addition, I don't care much for hostess's (or anyone else for that matter) with snotty attitudes.   The room was cold and noisy, the fold was tasty but cold, the tortillas showed up when we should have been considering desert options and we both decided, shortly after we arrived, that there was no reason to ever come back.