It's pseudo-Mexican fast-food and all, but I really like Baja Fresh. Usually, that is. This particular location's odd, uninviting customer service has just about ruined it for me. They really don't seem to have a clue what they're doing or how to do it.
Not long ago, after ordering a taco combo plate, I had to return it because it was smothered in sour cream (for the first time in many visits). No big deal. Stuff happens, right? Well, everyone behind the counter acted like I was somehow at fault. The menus (paper and board) plainly list all of the stuff that comes on each item. Sour cream is listed in neither place, but they acted like I was being difficult for only wanting what was advertised on my tacos. "No crema?" over and over again. No...because it doesn't come on it! Granted, it was in Spanish, but the entire staff seemed to spend the next 10 minutes loudly debating the situation, the cook rolling his eyes and the server repeatedly checking the paper menu for proof of my mistake. Even on the 5th time, it still didn't say anything about sour cream. I will say that the manager did quickly step-in and tell them to remake my food, but even he seemed not to believe that they had messed-up in any way, that it was my fault. Eh, it is what it is. Everyone is entitled to an off day, right? Then last night, when my wife and I went back in, I made it a point to just go ahead and avoid any possible confusion by ordering my food without sour cream (that it obviously isn't supposed to come with in the first place). "It doesn't come with it, sir."? Really? No shit? Well, maybe you should inform the rest of your staff because they clearly didn't get the memo. Anyway, when my wife tried to order a small plate of nachos, the cashier told her that they only had large plates left, so she had to order a large nacho instead. My wife asked why they couldn't just put the small portion on the larger plate for the appropriate price (It wasn't her fault their stock order was short), but the girl just smiled, said something that I think was mumbled Spanish and cheerfully said "No". That was that. Now, neither experience is some kind of massive, unbelievable offense, but they were both rather frustrating and, far beyond that, textbook examples of substandard, lazy, utterly unconcerned customer service. And with that being said, I don't really see us going back to this location any time soon.