My first yelp review. 
So upset after going to The Mission on our anniversary. We walk up to the entrance and encountered the tall, spiked hair, male employee who was blocking the patio entrance to the restaurant. He was advising everyone to try the House Brasserie and handing out their menu. It was very confusing, and he was only acknowledging certain people of the multiple people trying to get by him into the restaurant. We  finally made our way around the crowd after getting my feet stepped on and  spoke to the two female hostesses.  We were told it was a 45 minute wait. We were fine with this because we had not made a reservation. The bar was crowded so we went back out  front where there was a place to sit.  The bench where we were sitting was by the patio entrance. There we waited 45 minutes starring at a table on the patio that was available the entire time we waited. The hostesses texted us that our table was ready. As we were walking in, there was the spiked hair, male employee blocking the hostess station. He saw me walk up and did not acknowledge me and began to talk to a female who walked right in front of me. Eventually he turned to me and said " you will have to wait a minute." Then, he turned to me and said "are you trying to get a table tonight"? At this point the female hostess are trying to look over him to talk to me but he would not budge his location. (Who is this guy? The bodyguard. He is not giving this restaurant a good first impression.)
I assume because the hostesses recognized me, they said, "wait here because we are preparing your table." We stood there and waited another 10 minutes.
Then, the hostess proceeded to walk us to the very open table we had been starring at for 45 minutes. This was the table they were "preparing for us" for the last 10 minutes? It had been prepared and empty for about 55 minutes!
When we told the hostess we did not want to sit at this table, she became visibly angry and hateful.
We were reseated at another open table on the patio. I wish we had just left and gone elsewhere. 
Yes, the guacamole was good and the gentlemen that made it was extremely nice but there was nothing else about the food or restaurant that seemed worth the snobbiness of the staff.