This place was a Mega Cafe, a Coco's and Mi Tierra, prior to becoming Fiesta Chips and Salsa.

I don't think they will be around long, Mi Tierra had much better food, at much more reasonable prices. Mi Tierra charged $7.50, including taxes, for a beef chimichanga, sides of rice and beans, with guacamole, sour cream and pico de gallo on the side, with iced tea. Chips and Salsa charged $12.00, including taxes, for a burrito with a little shedded lettuce and a small slice of tomato on the side, with iced tea. As I said, if Mi Tierra, selling better food at lower prices, went out of business, I don't thinks Chips and Salsa stands a chance,

That being said on with the Yelp:

They start you off with chips and salsa, no surprise there. However, you would think with the name Chips and Salsa, they would have good chips and salsa, they don't. The chips were cooked wrong, they were cooked at too low a temperature for too long. The result was over cooked, on the edge of burnt, oily chips. The chips were so oily, they were shiny, as if someone poured oil over them. The salsa was okay, nothing to write home about. With salsa in their name, you might think they would have brought a variety of salsas for the chips, (Mi Tierra brought two kinds of salsa and bean dip to go with the chips, while you were deciding on what to order and while they prepared it.).

I had a Grande Meat Burrito (carne asada), it was okay,  Carne asada, rice, cheese, beans and pico de gallo, in a flour tortilla, though I didn't notice any cheese. It was not served with any sauces, I would think a place with salsa in it's name would want to showcase their salsas, guess not. Although size is relative, the grande burrito was closer to medio, than grande.

While there I heard several complaints from people, on the lines of " there's suppose to be guacamole served with this" or " I specifically ordered this with the sauce on the side, they put the sauce on it and tried to scrape it off'". So apparently the kitchen doesn't know what's on their menu or how it's served and have trouble with simple requests. I assume the servers corrected the mistakes, but it's always more impressive to get it right in the first place. As near as I can tell, I got what I ordered, so it appears I was lucky. The server checked to see if I needed anything else, refilled my tea, etc. so I have no problem with the service side. I gave an extra star for the server, a girl with dark red hair, or they would have gotten a one star.

There are too many good Mexican restaurants in town, to settle for what they offer at this one. I won't be back.

Update:

Angie M.commented, "hey wen did u went to fiseta and chips salsa and wht time   u should talked to the main manger " [sic]

In my response to Angie, I took the time to translate into English, corrected the spelling of fiesta, corrected the business name and answered her questions.

Que lastima (what a shame), this may account for the mistakes people were having with their orders.