This was almost a one star review... I really enjoy the food burrito Bandito creates and I'm craving one right now! 
This happened a while back but the experience was so hilarious I must tell what ensued. 
I go in to order 2 breakfast burritos, one with chorizo and egg, the other with bean, egg and cheese. 

It's only 10am and they tell me that they haven't made any chorizo, the cook got a late start. OK I can work with you... make the chorizo burrito with bacon instead. OK. 

I wait and wait. The burritos finally come out. They are in the bag and the girl asks me if I want salsa... I say yes but she just ignores me and hands me the bag. I tell her again that I want salsa and she then gives me 2 cups. 

I drive all the way to work where my coworker is meeting me in the parking lot. I open a burrito since it isn't marked and see that there is ham in it. For some reason neither I nor my coworker enjoy ham though we love our bacon. I was aggravated. They didn't have chorizo at 10 am when they open at 6 am, and they mess up a simple order. 

I get the girl on the phone. 

ME: "Hi. I was just in there, remember? I wanted the chorizo breakfast burrito, but the cook hadn't made it so I ordered one with bacon instead? Well, I understand people come in late, have a bad day, so I was willing and happy with changing my order to bacon, but it STILL got messed up. And that I am not happy with." 

Socially Retarded Girl: "Well I wasn't in the kitchen, I didn't make it." 

ME: (aghast but still trying to be polite) "Yes. I know. But the fact remains that the order was still messed up." (Now I expect her to apologize, get a manager... comp me SOMETHING!) 

Socially Retarded Girl: (She honestly says to me...) "SO? What do you want me to do about it?" 

ME: (This is where I effing LOSE it because I can't believe that she couldn't put herself in the place of an unhappy customer and just be nice, I was.) "WELL? WHAT DO YOU NORMALLY DO WHEN YOU MESS UP SOMEONES ORDER?" 

Socially Retarded Girl: "I have no idea." 

Me: "Well then how 'bout you give the phone to someone who does!" 

I am completely stunned at the way she talked to me. I mean, this was a simple "I'm sorry, let me get my manager, let me comp you one." 

Guy/Manager "I'm so sorry about this. The mess up and the way she talked to you. Let me give you $10 store credit." 

Done. I'm happy. 

I use it on BB $1.29 Mondays for tacos and burritos. 
MMM I could go for some right now.