I love Chipotle but this location is a mess. I've had Chipotle burritos in MN, MO, KS, NE, CO, and now in Vegas. And out of all of their locations nationwide this one has some serious issues. Last night around 9:30 I went in for my usual order for my wife and I. 2 Barbacoas, black beans, mild salsa, green salsa, light sour cream, cheese and guac. I also get chips and guac and a side of salsa. I've ordered this so much I know the sales tax price differences in all the states I listed above. In short, I got this order down cold. But that means NOTHING when the people making your food DON"T EVEN LISTEN TO YOU!

I go in last night, tell the guy heating the tortillas what I want and end up repeating it 4x. What type of beans? 3x repeats. Then I get asked for salsa and I ask if they could put a little bit of extra cilantro on one of the barbacoas? (Fresh cilantro is a secret menu item). I'm thinking a couple of small pieces, a pinch would be nice. Instead she grabs a salsa cup, fills it completely up with cilantro and proceeds to dump it ALL on my barbacoa. I can't even see the shredded beef or the salsa, it looks like a grass eating cow dropped a powerdump of poo on the barbacoa! It was a green mess! I'm like WTF, NO, PULL IT OFF AND LISTEN! She takes about 2/3 off and I'm like I just wanna get out of here. I finally get to the register to pay and the lady rings up two regular barbacoas. I tell her both have extra guacamole which is an additional charge. Rather than take my word for it and ring up the extra money she's gotta ask the woman who made my food if it has guac in it. Seriously? WHY CAN"T YOU PEOPLE LISTEN? 

This is not the first time I've had problems at this Chipotle but damn, is it asking too much to simply be listened to? My voice is clear and I can communicate effectively. I don't need communications or voice lessons from Ch. 8's Dave Courvoisier (a voice over specialist for those who don't know) in order to be understood at Chipotle. What I do need is employees and a manager to listen, and for the manager to not have an attitude. I don't think that is asking too much. 

I came close to giving 1 star on this one, but I'm writing this the morning after and want to show some love to the giant foil wrapped burritos that are usually awesome. We'll use some NASCAR terms and say they get the 2nd star based on provisional points. 

One last thing: Parking for this location also reminds me of NASCAR as it's almost too easy to trade paint getting in and out of here.