Do not be fooled, this is a fancy food court. 


The only difference between the commissary and a regular food court is that you  order from one location. There is an odd mixture of  Mexican food and burgers /bar food. You order at the bar and are given a pager. You find a seat wait a while a then go to the station that prepares the type of food you  ordered and pick it up.


The Good:
Atmosphere is modern and very clean  with plenty of seating. The bar area is cozy and has a good selection beers on tap. The variety is interesting if you are trying to please a group of people with varied. 

The Bad:
Co worker and I went for lunch, spent several minutes wandering around trying to find out how to place an order. There is an ambiguous order here sign above the bar, with no further details. The only two menus are pasted to the bar counter, one was at the register and the other was under one of  bar patron's lunch.  After placing your order  you are left to figure out which station has your food. The burgers station is pretty easy, but  the other two stations look to be split between hot and cold entrees,but there was no definitive signage to that effect.

Food was awful.  I ordered tortilla soup and a bacon cheeseburger. Both items were presented well and looked delicious. Tortilla soup was very runny and tasted like strained corn chips and velveta. There were also lumps of something that I assume was chicken, but I could be wrong. Bacon cheeseburger was the SALTIEST thing I have ever eaten in my life! I removed the bacon hoping to cut the salty taste only to realize that it was not the bacon. I wasn't able to finish half the burger due to the crazy amount of salt. I am still tasting salt. 

Co-worker had the same burger and the nacho fries. His burger was just as salty as mine. The nacho fries were blah, cheese and salt and fries. 

We have to go back to try the "latin" food (just to make sure this isn't a case of ordering hamburger at a sushi restaurant.), But i am not looking forward to it. 






Co worker ordered