I recently visited the Clarendon Kitchen for the first time. We went on a Sunday after church with about 6 people, myself included. The decor was great, kinda Va-to meets chic. And the urinals made out lips were stunning!!! That was the good.........
Here's the bad........
We were the only people in the restaurant and were seated immediately. So I had thought that quick service with our drinks and food would follow in the same foot steps.Boy was I wrong. The table only ordered 2 drinks for the bar, one Bloody Mary and one Mimosa. And with $8 dollar price tags each you can see why....ouch. After about 5 min the waitress brought out every ones coffee and water. about 5 min after that she brought the drinks from the bar. Remember the place is empty. I ordered the Chimichanga, and my bf ordered the patty melt. after about 30 min the chef came out and asked how everything was. We said "good except we do have our food yet" He said I will go and check on it........Wait......didn't he say he was the chef? Maybe they have to when its so busy like this...........
Finally when the food arrived, our waitress couldn't remember who got what. My Chimi was enormous in size but pretty mediocre in taste. My BF's Patty melt which he asked for rare come out well done.....oops, close i guess  
We stated up front that everyone was on separate checks except my BF and I. When the checks came we had our own check but  everyone else's was together. When we told her she said it's alright I can ring them all, I remember what each of you got.......uh not likely, you couldn't even remember when you were bringing the food. So after about 2 min she came back and said I will just print out new separate bills. "Ya think?" When she came back with those bills she had added the tip in, so now our bill was 8 dollars higher then when bill came out before. Cool whatever, at this point we are ready to run for the hills, it had been one dumb thing after another. When she brought out my friend Danny's change, she told him that they didn't have 19 cents so she just gave him a quarter. What? And after he looked at his bill he saw that he was actually owed 50 cents not 19. Can this girl not count or something? What else can she not do? 1. Remember what everyone got 2. keep drinks filled 3. listen. 
So all in all I might go back  but maybe only for a dip in the fabulous pool. 
One other note, They should get music that compliments the atmosphere, decor and the food......