I needed to grab a quick bite to eat after a long bike ride with my daughter, so I decided to finally try Get Some Burritos.  Hoping to get a light, healthy lunch, GSB seemed like the right choice, since their website proclaims they were founded on the principles of high quality food with the distinct flavor unique to the San Diego region.  Unfortunately, the high quality food tenant was lost in translation somewhere between the West Coast and Madison.  Instead of California dreaming, I found myself in a Taco Bell-esque nightmare of greasy ground beef, pre-shredded orange and white cheese and mounds of iceberg lettuce.  

I ordered two tacos for $4.69, one chicken, and one beef.  My daughter eschews meat, so she opted for the cheese quesadilla.  

I dug into the chicken taco first and it wasn't too bad.  The freshly made corn tortilla shell provided the requisite crunch, though the bottom of the taco was already soggy.  While lacking any heat, the shredded white meat chicken filling was moist and satisfying.

The beef taco was an unmitigated disaster.  I was expecting shredded beef, based on the on-line menu description of shredded taco.  I guess the shredded referred to the pile of shredded iceberg lettuce, because I got greasy, overcooked ground beef.  On the other hand, maybe the term shredded referred to the bland, dry, pre-shredded orange and white cheese.  Also missing from my meal was any of the traditional cilantro or onion garnishes associated with Mexican cuisine.  The shell disintegrated after one bite, leaving me picking the remains of the taco out of the puddle of grease that had accumulated at the bottom of my to-go container.  So much for my expectations of healthy California cuisine.

The cheese quesadilla also suffered from poor execution, with semi-melted cheese and a soggy tortilla with absolutely no crunch.  It had the texture of bubble gum and no cilantro or salsa to add any zip.  I suspect that instead of being heated on a hot griddle, it was warmed in a microwave.  

The person taking my order was pleasant.  I scored a free bottle of water by mentioning the word of the day that I pulled from their Facebook page.  However, when I asked for the wi-fi password, things fell apart.  None of the employees knew the password and when someone called the manager to find out; I was told there was no free wi-fi for guests.  When I showed them I was picking up a GSB Guest network on my phone, I was told the restaurant was under new management.  Welcome to Bizzarro World.    

While I appreciate the concept of California-style tacos and burritos, Get Some Burritos failed to deliver on that promise with poor execution and low quality ingredients.