Wandered in here on a Friday night. Was seated quickly, and the menu was large...seems like a chain vs. family owned establishment. Not worries.

We were served by the most timid hipster-faced mumbler I've ever met. Seriously could not understand a word he said. I asked for a kids menu for my 13 year old daughter, and he immediately questioned my motives, asking "just who is this for?" I explained that my youngest was 14 and special needs and couldn't read such a vast menu with so many choices.....he awkwardly left the table to get our drinks. He then asked to take our order and I had to ask him again to bring a kids menu to the table. We ask if the guacamole is fresh in house. He said yes, and that he recommended it highly , because he just came out here for his night off to have dinner with a friend and that is what he ordered. Okay, then bring it to us. I am pretty sure that it was the Wholly Guacamole brand from Costco. I buy it all the time, and I know the taste. 

I have some recent IBD issues, and have to stay away from beans at all costs, so it was hard for me to find a menu item without beans. I finally settle on a salad that is to have Grilled chicken, calabacitas, parmesan cheese and a blend of mixed greens tossed in Cilantro Lime dressing. I looked up clabacitas and noted it had no beans in it (it was supposed to contain corn, zucchini, sweet and poblano peppers). My salad comes with black beans...At first I was not sure if it was my mistake or theirs, so I ask to see the menu. Sure enough, there is no mention of black beans anywhere on the salad description. When I bring this to the attention of our server, he says "Oh, this is awkward, I hate it when something like this happens. I don't know what to do...." Then he mumbled off....awkward really is the only word for the service we received. Our bill came for the full amount, and we paid it. As much as I tried to eat around the black beans, the meal still managed to get me sick.

I might go back just to have mumble mouth serve us again. He was so awkwards he was entertaining. But the food really wasn't good enough to warrant a second try.-