Heard around the way that this hole in the wall was serving up good authentic Mexican food so we decided to give it a shot. The menu had a couple of my favorite authentic items ( i.e posole and blue corn ) I thought I'd try both. They don't have the blue corn so I just went with the posole hoping it would be as good as moms. Well unfortunately it wasn't, not even close. It was extremely bland and didn't come with the traditional garnish. I know that sounds petty but without the cabbage, onion cilantro and radish posole is incomplete! Kinda like pancakes with syrup. Bean and cheese burrito was ok and the gordita was ok as well. Now..... Let's talk about how long the food takes to be prepared. Mind you this is a Roberto type of taco shop! It took them 45mins! I'm ok with waiting on good food at a normal restaurant but this is a taqueria! And they forgot my bean and cheese burrito. I called and was told she forgot and would refund me my money on the burrito and being I stay right around the corner I went back for my burrito but wasn't refunded my money instead was given a complimentary side of chips and rice pudding. Ok no biggie I thought as I'd like to give this place a second shot. So we came back here 5 days later to give it another chance at redemption and sad to say they couldn't deliver  This time I ordered 3 asada tacos thinking they cant mess this up. My wife order the green chicken enchiladas and again my boys order bean and cheese burritos I tried to order the blue corn again and still they had no blue corn. The tacos failed miserably! The burrito came with black beans this time instead of pinto but was slightly better this time. The enchiladas were actually really good! But again almost 1 hour for food coming from a taqueria. Let me stress to you that the first time I was the only customer they had. The 2nd time there was 1 lady that ordered ahead of me. I might come back for the enchiladas alone! I suggest you look at the menu online and order 30 to 40 mins before arriving and please do not attempt this place on your lunch break unless your the boss or the boss really likes you and doesn't mind you taking well over 1 hour breaks. P.S don't bother asking for the blue corn as I think it's on the menu for show