First and foremost, let me get this out there: I love Chipotle.  Always have, and always will.  So this review is nothing against the company itself.  I will continue to be a Chipotle customer, just not at this location...

I went to this location after work on 7-22-11, around 5:45 pm.  First of all, I waited in line for approximately 20 minutes.  Not a huge deal, since the line is usually pretty long at Chipotle (particularly at this location).  And I was there during the dinner rush.  But still, an extra staff member or two helping out would've been nice.

I finally got my food and headed home with my three soft barbacoa tacos.  A few bites into my first taco, I bit down on something hard and relatively big.  After spitting it out and cleaning it off, it was apparent that it was a rock about the size of a dime (Picture: http://i72.photobucket.com/albums/i175/starstruck1980/chipotle_rock.jpg).  I had several other family members inspect it as well, and they agreed that it was a rock, rather than a bone fragment.  Since I didn't swallow it, choke on it, or chip a tooth, I did continue to eat the rest of my tacos (which, despite the rock, were quite delicious).  My family members weren't exactly pleased with me for continuing to eat the tacos.  They advised me to take the tacos back and speak to a manager.

Had I eaten in Chipotle, I probably would've spoken to the manager.  However, since I was at home, I felt that going all the way back and causing a scene wouldn't have been all that effective.  I didn't want to upset anyone, make a scene, and I definitely am not going to sue or do anything drastic like that.  It was probably just a mistake, but certainly a big mistake that definitely should never happen again.  They need to make sure they inspect their food better before it goes anywhere near those serving pans.

I was disappointed because Chipotle prides itself on clean, fresh, organic food, which is why I'm a regular customer.  This experience has left a bad taste in my mouth (quite literally), but hopefully this was just an isolated incident.

Again, I felt that a Yelp review would be more effective than any other measure I could've taken.  I just want to make people aware of this incident and to be alert for any rogue rocks hiding in their foil wrapped tacos!