We returned to this Moe's after about a two-year gap.  Why?  Last time we had been there, we had such an awful experience that I wrote to the manager.  He sent me gift certificates to use at another time at that location.  

I think the reason for my complaint before was all about poor customer service and restaurant cleanliness.  From our recent experience last night, I see that in the two years that I haven't visited, nothing has changed.  

I'm surprised this Moe's stays in business.  First, it's hidden behind a staircase in the strip mall it's in, creating a dungeon-like atmosphere.  Second, it's very narrow, not allowing for much walk space.  And since last night happened to be Kids Eat Free night (a coincidence), it was super-crowded with families and a balloon clown that blocked the only narrow walkway with the throng of kids around him. Getting through over-active kids crowding the tiny walkway to outdoor seating without spilling my salsa was a mighty challenge. 

Ordering toppings for your food is always a treat.   The job seems so routine to the food assemblers that they barely pay attention to you and you have to repeat yourself several times.   They screwed up two of the kids' orders because they weren't listening and just hurrying along adding whatever they wanted that they had to start again from scratch.  And then, upon sitting down, we realized that they STILL ended up screwing up the orders.  How hard is it to put tomatoes on one taco and cheese on another?  My burrito came out pretty good, though, because I was meticulous about focusing on what they weren't focusing on.  

The cashier rang us up:  a burrito, a salad, a bowl, and two kids meals.  The kids meals were free, so I guess the total came to $22 or so.  We handed them $20 in gift certificates, intending to pay the rest in cash.  Apparently, the task was too difficult for the cashier.  Too many things going on.  The cashier took the gift certificates and told us that we were all set.  He probably voided the order.  I wonder how the restaurant makes any money at all.  

Cleanliness?  The salsa bar and drink stand was a mess, but thankfully the salsa containers were all full.  What few tables were open needed to be cleaned.  And there was a giant water spill/puddle in the ordering line.  Certainly a safety hazard.  

Will we go back?  Heck no.  If I want Moe's, there are too many better locations in town.  Better yet, I'll head to Chipotle or Qdoba.

p.s. Regarding the "Welcome to Moe's!" thing.  Stop it.  It's annoying, and if the employees are going to do it with little to no enthusiasm because it's so routine to them, don't even bother.