We had moved from California two months earlier and were craving an authentic Mexican food experience.  Upon pulling into the parking lot, we had high hopes based on the location - we're convinced that the tastiness of Mexican food is directly correlated to the dodginess of its location.  Taqueria Mexico is located in an ugly little strip mall where the biggest store sells auto parts - PERFECT.

Sadly, the location belied the actual food experience.  My husband had the wet deluxe burrito; since I'm pregnant, I had to forgo my favorite huevos rancheros for a mushroom quesadilla.  I also ordered a side of rice and beans to share with our toddler, since for some reason that particular quesadilla did not come with it (other quesadillas did, though).

My husband doesn't talk too much about his food, but 95 percent of the time whatever he is eating is "AMAZING."  I have literally never seen him dislike Mexican food, and we've been to a great number of taquerias together.  Burritos are either "amazing" or "that was the best burrito I've ever had."  He declared his burrito here "not that great."

I'll be a little more descriptive about my quesadilla.  It was terrible.  The mushrooms were canned, and I absolutely hate canned mushrooms.  You really can tell, people.  The cheese - I don't even know if it actually had cheese.  The "cheese" filling had the texture of watered-down sour cream and did not act like any cheese I've seen, ever.  There was what was supposed to be guacamole on the side, and I really do not think it was guacamole.  It was almost translucent, and bore no resemblance to any guac I have ever seen.  It did not taste at all like avocado.

The beans were refried, and they were so intensely salty I didn't even want my kid to eat them.  Luckily he didn't like them.

After reading all the good reviews I was surprised to have such a bad meal here.  Maybe it was an off day, or maybe our expectations are just too high after so much amazing California Mexican food.  We're hoping to find a good equivalent someday, but will keep looking.