The first time we went it was around 10pm and not too busy. There were a few other parties in the restaurant and it was generally quiet. Our waiter had energy and was friendly and attentive. We took two orders of nachos, the Buffalo Hot and the standard kind just to be safe. It took far too long for our order to come out, somewhere around 45 or 50 minutes. Considering how un-busy it was (most restaurants in the area close kitchens at 10pm and Nacho Daddy is an exception closing the kitchen at 11pm) I was not pleased. However when the food arrived we were so hungry and it was delicious enough that it was worth the wait. The standard nachos we got were a little boring (naturally) and the Buffalo Hot was unlike anything we'd had before, just awesome! All in all we decided we would return.

This evening we decided to reward ourselves after a long day with another plate of those Buffalo Hot Nachos and some regular 6 pc. Buffalo Wings at Nacho Daddy. We walk in and there's no apparent hostess but everyone seems to be chatting at the bar sitting around. After a moment or two, they notice us awkwardly waiting to be noticed and someone comes over to seat us offering us "anywhere you'd like is fine!" with a smile. Dining area is empty except for one couple. We sit and our waitress comes out perky and nervous to do well. She takes our drinks and complete order and returns timely enough throughout the evening to check up on us, she did great on that part. Not so great on refilling our drinks or clearing our plates/finished appetizer basket. Order for the nachos came out really late again, this time they were cold even (although the waitress told us to watch out because the plate was hot? hahaha which may or may not have been true, we didn't care enough to check.) The nachos were all soft where they were cheesed and the cheese was starting to get solid again. We  ended up not finishing them because things aren't really appetizing when they're melted and then solidify again. There was a lot more to be disappointed about this evening but I'm not really bent up over all of it so it's not worth mentioning. The only heartbreaking part was our Not-So-Hot Nachos. Which, I really like the Buffalo Hot but after this I don't think it's worth going back again even if I do get a craving for them.

Hopefully things get figured out and it isn't a Chef Ramsay intervention that wills customers back in a year from now.
They're not THAT bad but, it was slow business-wise both times we went in and somehow the food was coming out slow. I mean, even if they ARE really good when they're hot, they're still nachos, does it take that long to put them together?
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house. If i'm wrong about them not being made in house then I'm sorry and they didn't look all nice and thick and bubbly (or taste) like regular fresh made chips that I'm familiar with. (Maybe they're frozen and then dunked to fry, idk.) And I'm not even really expecting this from them, but just suggesting that it would be really cool to get fresh, made to order, homestyle tortilla chips, especially when the place is called Nacho Daddy. I feel like THAT would be totally worth 10 or 15 bucks and a 40 minute wait. Assuming they're warm this time.