Meet up with some friends Sat night to have some dinner before I painted the town red, we all had decided on going to Garcia's, meet up time was 7pm, and were a group of 10 or more, and we didn't have wait long to be seated, which was nice.

I wanted to try something different this time, I normally do burritos or beef tacos, but I am trying to eat just a little bit healthier and lose some weight, so I decided to try the Grilled Fish Tacos

I told our waiter what I wanted, and on the menu it says your choice of beans, refried, churro, or black, our waiter didn't even ask, and to be honest I am ok with whatever showed up on my plate. Now the menu description was Two corn tortillas with grilled tilapia, tomatillo mayonnaise, shredded cabbage, pico de gallo, and cilantro. Served with a side of salsa de piña,  that right their got me craving the salsa of pina, which in my white girl head flipped it to pineapple salsa, man doesn't that sound delish and I was so sure that it would go so well with grilled tilapia, like how mango salsa is grilled chickens best friend. But guess what, I couldn't tell you, it never showed up, the one thing I was looking for and it didn't show up, was super bummed. The type beans I wound up were charro, like I said I was easy going on that part. The grilled talapia lacked flavor too, it was sort of bland.

I understand that it was a Sat night and we were a big group and the place was busy, but I had to flag out waiter down to even ask for our checks, he just kept disappearing, and wasn't very attentive, never once asked any of us if our meals were ok, just sort of gave us our plates and left and just ignored our table, so I never even got the chance to ask for the salsa de pina. Saw his tip was already included on the bill since we were a big party, which I expected, but I just don't like when the tip is already added and the server didn't really do anything to earn it, but its part of the going out and eating beast, sometimes service is spot on or better and sometimes we get treated like the red headed step child.  One of my friends even had food fall of the plate down her back when he was picking up our plates and never once did he say sorry.   Wouldn't blame her if she didn't want to go back.