My family and I spotted this place while shopping at Michael's in the Target shopping center and decided to give it a try.  We were initially hesitant that the restaurant was connected to the Doc Holliday's bar, but there was a banner that stated that it was "family friendly."  We walked into the place and found an almost empty room with scattered tables and chairs and a few booths along the wall.  The table that had people was occupied by three kids (pre-teen, early teens) one of whom got up immediately and grabbed menus to present to us.  Honestly, we were just about the turn right around and go somewhere else but felt bad because the kid seemed eager.  We decided to give it a try anyway.  The teen (who I will refer to as our waiter) asked about our drink orders and placed a basket of chips and salsa at our table.  The menu was very small and nothing really caught our attention.  My wife had the fajitas, my daughter the chicken strips and I decided to order the carne asada nachos.  The chips and salsa weren't bad - only needed a touch of salt.  While we were waiting for our food, I decided to look up the Yelp reviews and was shocked to see so many 4 and 5 stars!  This gave us hope that maybe looks can be deceiving and we shouldn't judge a book by its cover.  Our food came and the fajitas were sizzling and my nachos and daughter's chicken strips were hot and freshly prepared.  Overall, the food was not bad - just a little bland.  The reason for the 2 stars - 1) decor and ambiance is severely lacking!  The tables and chairs were run down and the pool table and Galaga video game in the corner added to the confusion of the place.  The fact that the restaurant sits at the entrance of the bar was a little distasteful.  Every time a bar patron needed to use the restroom, they would have to walk through the restaurant.  My wife's fajitas got compliments at least three times by people on their way to the bathroom.  2) pricing - we visited the place on Saturday, so no specials.  The fajitas were $13, nachos $8 and kids meal $4.  Neither my meal nor my wife's were up to par with these price levels.  Again, the food was not bad, just not worth the price we paid.  Perhaps if we had the $5 specials others have mentioned it would have been better.  I will say that the kid who served us was very nice and professional and we had no problems with service.  Obviously a family business and the owners should be proud of this kid!