Last week I bought a deal on Living Social. It included an appetizer to share, two entrees, and a dessert to share. Oh, and four margaritas. It was a good deal, needless to say. We decided to redeem our voucher on a Friday night. I called to make a reservation, and was told they don't make reservations for parties less than 6, but to come in and they would seat us. No big deal. We got there a little after 8.

We asked for a table outside, sat down, and I ran to the restroom. By the time I got back, we still didn't have a server. We sat there for nearly 10 minutes before I was going to say something. Then, finally,our server came over. He was nice, and took our drink order. I told him about the Living Social, and all night he proved to know little about it. He even mentioned that this was his first one. That's fine, the voucher hadn't been out long... But if an establishment is going to run a deal like that, the entire staff needs to be aware of it before greeting tables. As you can see in other reviews here on Yelp and other networks, the voucher has been redeemed several times already.

We ordered our first round of margaritas. Sheryl asked for frozen. When he came back, hers was not frozen. Our server corrected the issue, but why would he bring a drink that was not what she ordered all the way from the bar? Then we ordered our enchiladas. We asked for both with no sour cream. When they arrived at the table, both had sour cream on top. You can see where I am going with this.

Once my entree hit the table, I asked if they had any hot sauce. "Yes, we have a nice habenero hot sauce." I asked for some... Never came to the table. It was literally one thing after another all night long. By the end of the night, I needed to inform a manager of our experience. I did, and she offered us a round of drinks. We had already consumed two margaritas each, and didn't want another one. Then she offered us a dessert. That was included in our voucher. Again, she was nice, and I didn't ask for anything... Just wanted her to be aware.

A few minutes later, the server grabbed our dishes to box up... We only ate about half. There was a lot of food! He then came back, and we asked for the check. He made a snide comment about the experience not being "up to standard," which it wasn't, and walked away. Why would the manager mention that to him while we were still in the restaurant?

We left happy with the food... But the experience was the worst I had seen at the Old Town Tortilla Factory. I remember the first time I visited the Tortilla Factory. Such great memories of sitting outside under the stars eating delicious authentic Mexican fare. I once would recommend people visit the Tortilla Factory, but with the recent experience we had, am not sure I can recommend it again. The food was awesome... Always is. But the service needs work. Hopefully the next item I go everything runs smoothly.