Oh, I really wanted to like it.  REALLY!  I heard such great reviews and saw the special on PBS Check Please AZ and I was so excited.

Unfortunately, I have to give my honest review.

We went for happy hour, which isn't your typical happy hour of 50% off, no problem, we were there for the food regardless of any specials.  Started off with an Horchata which we agreed didn't have that rice flavor like fresh Horchata should, and it lacked sugar. But I did like the sprinkle of cinnamon.  Also had a lemonde which could've used a little more lemon, no problem we added some fresh squeezed lemon!  And we also ordered a strawberry shake, which was pink but tasted mostly like milk, where's the strawberry flavor?

Okay, we ordered the chips and salsa-what not complimentary?  It was 2 salsas, one red and one green, nothing that stood out because they tasted mild.  They also provided 2 additional bottled salsas, one was a watery green tomatoe salsa and the other was a burned chile salsa which was good.  And we ordered the guacamole.  I thought the guac was great although I like mine spicy, but what I liked about it was the fact that it has orange pieces inside, new addition for me and it was a good portion for the price.  BIG side of chips with both orders.  We also tried the Queso Fundido with Chorizo.  The chorizo was good although I order it from the same place they do which I learned from a NewTimes story, good job on this dish it was yummy and I enjoyed every melty piece of cheese and chorizo!  1 star check.


We ordered 6 carne asada tacos and 1 veggie taco.  The carne asada had this zesty flavor like it was marinated in orange juice, it was good but not your typical grill flavor.  What I really liked was the veggie taco, it has grilled veggies like squash and corn and mushrooms and it was so good, but by that time I was stuffed with all the chips that I couldn't order a few more! 2 star check.  I wish now that I could've ordered one of each taco.

I agree that service does need help.  I had to ask for my cup to be refilled with water several times.  Even when they brought our tacos out they saw our used plates stacked up and there was no place to put the tacos, they didn't address it.  I had to ask them to take the dirty plates so we could make room.  They didn't offer dessert when we were done like most places do, but we still wanted to end our night at this place knowing we tried a little of everything.

We ended with the brownie dessert which was this brown cake with vanilla ice cream on top.  Where is the chocolate flavor?  Ice cream was good and that's all I can say about this item.

I really, really, really wanted to love this place, I came in with high expectations and so excited, but I left $50 less rich and still yearning for more.  Well, there's still plenty of other places to try.....