The family and I stopped in this afternoon (Saturday) and the place was pretty slow. It was my first trip to this location, though Ive been to the Scottsdale location on several occasions.

The first thing I noticed is that this location is beautiful. From the two large bars to the outside patio I felt immediately comfortable and had flash backs of spending Spring Break in Cabo.

Our server was gorgeous, just incredible. I cant recall her name but she reminded me of a younger, more attractive Thandie Newton. So within just a couple of minutes I was ready to give our visit 5 stars. 

Unfortunately things went south fast. After our server took the drink order she just disappeared for about 10 minutes. Since we had just come from playing miniature golf (in the middle of summer) the kids were very thirsty and this long departure made it very difficult for them... and us.

She finally returned and took our order. That went pretty smooth. We didnt order anything unusual or "off the menu." My wife decided to have a Strawberry Margarita.

Again the server disappeared, this time for over 20 minutes. So by this point we've been in the restaurant over half an hour and we still dont have our food and my wife never received her margarita... on a very slow Saturday afternoon.

I caught the attention of a manager and asked him to refill our drinks and check on our food. He returned a couple moments later with our server in tow and food in hand. It looked good, but the plates were scorching hot and the food was lukewarm, which is usually a sign the food has been sitting in the expo window for a long time.

The food tasted good, including my wife's chicken quesadilla... unfortunately she ordered a steak quesadilla. By this point we were just happy to have food so we didnt complain.

The manager seemed very apologetic and offered us a free appetizer for our next trip, which isnt likely to ever happen at this location. I would have preferred a discount on the bill or maybe an offer of dessert but no luck.