Dona Maria Tamales Restaurant has been a local family owned business in Vegas for over 30 years. I ate here a few times growing up and didn't like it so when a friend suggested that hubby and I meet for dinner here I was hesitant, but figured why not give it another shot after so long. 

We were seated next to the bar (bar was dead) and service was very good. We were started off with the usual suspects... Chips & salsa. The chips were good however the salsa had no kick at all and was very sweet, almost like it was just a can of thinned tomato paste. Gross! 

All dinners are served with a soup or salad. I chose the "Tortilla Soup" and it actually didn't taste bad. I ordered the #29 "Taco and Enchilada" priced at $13.50 plus an additional $2.15 because I wanted carnitas in my taco. The beans and rice that accompanied my meal were either under a heat lamp for too long or reheated. The beans were crunchy and hard around the edges and the had no good flavor. The rice was pretty much the same. The green sauce on my enchilada had great flavor it was just that the enchilada itself wasn't that great. It was edible, but the tortilla was stiff. The carnitas had good flavor, but again I wasn't crazy about the tortilla. Our friend ordered the #14 "Chile Relleno and Enchilada" priced at $13.50 and they thought it was decent. Hubby ordered the #27 "Fajitas Dona Maria" (beef) priced at $14.75 and said that he's had better.

I wanted to try the "Churros" priced at $5.50 for dessert. It was presented well, but all of the cinnamon sugar was on the plate not on the churros. These churros were very dry and not worth a penny. 

Though I have no plans to purposely come back here, I did give it 2 stars because the service really was very good and I did enjoy my soup. I believe they try hard to do something good here at Dona Maria Tamales Restaurant, it just isn't good enough for me.

They claim to be knows for their "Tamales" and even though I haven't tried them here, I have heard from people that they are worth picking up. Prices are $3.95 each, $14.25 for a half dozen, and $19.25 for a dozen. They offer the following tamales:

Red - pulled pork in a mild sauce
Green - shredded chicken in hot sauce
Cheese - monterrey jack, green chilies and onions
Sweet - pineapple and raisins ($3.30 each)