My first Blah review while in Madison

This place was recommended by the mixologist at Merchant. I wanted faijatas  and they said this was the place to go. We walk in and sit at the bar. For a place that's supposed to be real good there wasn't a lot of people inside. Maybe 2 tables and a couple at the bar. Mind you this was a Saturday Night around 6ish. Even my wife mentioned something about hardly anyone being here. My wife gets a lime Margarita and I get a Sol Beer. They pour her margarita from a pitcher that was inside a small refrigerator behind the bar. Now maybe I've been spoiled while visiting your town with all these made from scratch drinks but to see this was disappointing. To be fair, my wife said she liked it. 

 I order the chicken and shrimp fajitas with extra shrimp and extra tortillas. All to go. My order comes up and I double check it. It's missing the extra tortillas, which I was not happy about, and the sour cream and guacamole looks a little small so I want another one.  I tell the server and he brings me both items and says the guacamole etc was on the house for the mixup. That was cool. We call our hotel and they come pick us up. 

Service

I want to back up here and mention this. This was the first place we went to that the servers were not friendly. The one bigger guy looked like he didn't want to be there and didn't crack a smile once. The other one was eating behind the bar when we walked in and wasn't friendly either. Now if you two servers are reading this I want you to pay attention. I'm not asking you to walk around the restaurant like the joker with a smile permanently fixed on your face. But you should greet your customers with a smile and introduce yourself. It wasn't busy. It's called being a professional.  Make a damn effort is all I say. 

Food

The was nothing outstanding about these fajitas . It came with corn tortillas which I hate. I like the flour ones. Also it came with no cheese. The horror! Never had a fajita that didn't come with cheese on the side. Isn't NO cheese a crime in Wisconsin?  These were no different than Applebee's or Chilis. Honestly Chilis make a better fajitas than this joint. 

Verdict 

Go somewhere else. I think that about sums it up LOL Stay Hungry!