It's OK.  

I hate to always be bitching about Mexican food in the Valley, but what can you do?  It's a disgrace.  The fact that this place appears to be some kind of Holy Grail of Mexican food here in Phoenix just seems to emphasize that point.

Let's deal with the food first.  This isn't really Mexican food. It's Tex-Mex food.  That means you've got your choice of tacos, burritos, tostadas, enchiladas, chimichangas, etc.  

We tried the "Oaxaca" burro (massive air quotes around the "Oaxaca" part of the name), which was just fine, but very, very small.  I mean seriously, i'ts beans, cheese, potatoes and a bit of chorizo - we're not talking ahi tuna here.  Why not give a normal sized portion?

We tried the menudo which was delicious but again, a miniscule portion. And they can't even be bothered to give you a plastic bowl, so you have to eat it out of the styrofoam to go container.  I mean, for F's sake, they give me a plastic bowl at my favorite taco truck.  

Still hungry, we ordered a combination plate, which was the same sort of tex-mex crap that you can get pretty much anywhere in town.  Not so great.

It was all fine for what it is (I guess) but nothing that I would particularly go out of my way for, with the exception of the homemade flour tortillas, which were awesome.  I even bought some to go.  And that's about it for the food.

Now as to the restaurant itself, it's actually pretty disgusting, to the point where one has to conclude that they are just showing contempt for the customers.  The place is filthy.  The bathrooms, in particular, are vile. As Tony Bourdain says, "I may not be able to look in the kitchen but I can check out the bathroom and that let's me know how much they care about the restaurant." Uh, exactly!   And the answer in Carolina's would seem to be, "not very much."  The surly and uninterested staff add to that special ambiance. 

We eat in lots of small ethnic restaurants and just because a place is "in the hood" doesn't mean it has to be gross.  Our favorite Salvadorean restaurant is in the hood but it's also hospital clean, which makes me pretty confident that the kitchen is also clean. 

Finally, the neighborhood.  LOL.  To describe this street as "in the hood" is an insult to "hoods" everywhere.  This street is one of the most blighted streets I've ever been on, anywhere.  I'm actually thinking of going back there today to do some documentary photos to send to my friends in Cambodia whose visions of America are mostly derived from CSI Miami.  Seriously, it's appalling.  The main thing I was thinking about driving away from there is that the Phoenix city government needs some kind of federal intervention.

So would I eat there again?  Yeah, probably, if I was in the neighborhood.  Would I go out of my way to drive there?  No way.