Yay!   I love to eat a variety of burritos and this Taco Bell makes them just the way I would make it if I were making 6 burritos, but they make it all in one with some magical process I can't fathom!

You see, you order a Burrito Supreme.  When you begin to eat it you will be surprised to discover that it is only a Sour Cream Burrito.  How cool is that!  A sour cream burrito!

But then you have another bite and Wow!  The very same Sour Cream Burrito has somehow transformed into a Lettuce Burrito!  How refreshing is that!  A Lettuce Burrito to chase a Sour Cream Burrito!  Perfect cool summer fare!

But then you have another bite of this magical Burrito Supreme and Zowie!  You are now eating an Onion and Diced Tomato Burrito!  Again, how brilliant and refreshing is that!

But that is not it my friends, the odyssey is far from over!  With the very next bite the Onion & Diced Tomato Burrito has vanished and you are eating a Cheese Burrito!  

Not only that but there are 2 bites of this incredible Cheese Burrito!  The 1st bite is cold shredded cheese and the very next is melted cheese!  Did you follow that!  Cold shredded cheese immediately followed by melted cheese!  Obviously this Taco Bell has developed and utilized some kind of device capable of altering the thermodynamic properties of matter itself!  For use on burritos!  Truly amazing!

I know, nothing else could possibly top what has already transpired with my Burrito Supreme but with the very next bite my burrito had again transformed into yet another burrito!  This time I found myself enjoying a Beef Type Meat Product Burrito!  

As if all of this had not already been enough, my final 2 bites of this magical burrito were a Bean Burrito!  I kid you not!

I was so awestruck and speechless at the heretofore unheard of Magical Burrito Supreme that I was not able to carry myself back into the Taco Bell to congratulate these remarkable Magical Burrito makers!  Perhaps one day I will again venture to this Taco Bell.  I had no idea that the mythical border in Taco Bell's subtle advertising campaign was that of the supernatural itself!