I've gone to Juan's on and off over the past ten years. I return, because I forget that the last time I went I told myself to not go again.

I agree with a previous rater, Juan's food is so-so and acceptable.  Generally speaking, the service might be called good service ("...except for the owner who is...").

Be prepared to wait and no matter what, the wait to get your food is always slow no matter how empty or packed--ESPECIALLY if you order take out and ask how long before pick up will be ready. On a recent occasion, I placed a take out order and asked the owner on the phone how long it would take and he told me 20 min.  I waited 15 min before leaving the house and it took 5 min to get there. When I arrived and asked for my order, I was courteously advised by the cashier that it was "not yet finished." I watched the kitchen staff as they initiated preparing my order from the beginning. As I observed this process I asked the clerk why she said my order was already in process and she responded that "...it was."

When I had first inquired about my order (having been told it was 'nearly ready') I asked whether chips had been included and the owner advised me that I would have had to have ordered chip and paid for them.  While I waited AT the restaurant for my order for 20 min (that is in addition to the 20 min I waited before leaving my home) I would have thought management would have been courteous enough to offer me chips while I waited. They did not. So, instead of apologizing for the inconvenience of waiting on them or making my wait pleasant, I left a very dissatisfied customer.

When I got home with my order, I had to endure my companion's complaints that the Albondigas was skimpy on the meatballs. Same said companion used to frequent Juan's extensively several years ago when he worked closer. He now challenges me each time I indicate intent to go there and refreshes my memory on past disappointments.

The burritos are indeed well made and are pretty much the highlight of the menu. The tosdadas shell are not freshly fried (you can see them sitting on a shelf above the grill), yet, my tostada was still soft. The prices are cheap $7-8 combos. Again, fair if you are in the area but you can find better Mexican elsewhere, even nearby..