Tonight was date night. The BF wanted to try Tia Rosa since we have been awaiting the arrival for sometime now. It is within walking distance so of course we had HIGH hopes for this place. And we were pretty disappointed. 
Pros
1. Loved the decor. They went ALL out on this. Really does make you feel like you are in mexico. 
2. The Bean Dip App was delish. We really LOVED every bite of it. 
3. We went around 5 and was seated very promptly. 
4. Margarita were pretty good but nothing to really rave about. Id prefer a mexican place with good margarita specials. 
5. THey were quick and prompt with refilling my water. 
6. The service was very prompt as far as getting our drinks and food to the table. 

Cons
1. Service. Our waitress was not the friendliest. I asked if she recommended a margarita and she really didn't have a good answer. Kinda pointed at a few things but there was no,  "O Yes, You should def try..." I think being a new place in a new location the staff should be very informative and up beat.. When we ordered the enchiladas, we were told we could not have one beef and one chick. We had to pick one meat and one sauce. Not mix and match. Kinda odd, I said to her Ive never been to a place that doesnt allow that. Is there a reason? (bc maybe there is), she said I don't know. Ok then. I think with the economical status we are in, there must be more energetic upbeat people dying for a job. 
2. Price. We had an app, 2 Margaritas, 2 entrees and split a friend ice cream. And our bill was $60. For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone. 
3. Chips. Each time we got chips there were about 15-20 per basket, the were constantly needing to refill them. Even with our BIG bowl of app bean dip, it came with about 20 chips and the bowl of dip was HUGE, the chip porportion was way off!
4. Extra sour cream, $1.00. WOW!

And in the middle
1. Fried Ice Cream, it was friend ice cream with strawberries. I really prefer the honey over the strawberry anyday. Wasnt my fave. And I LOVE fried ice cream. 
2. Chips and Salsa were ok. Nothing to rave, I would say average. 


I think with the place being new and in a great location, the management would be more hands on. I love more than anything when a manager walks the floor to check on the customers. I think that is AWESOME. But this didn't happen while I was there. In the end, I wanted to ask for the manager and tell them to go across the way and step inside Oreganos. BC those people that work over there are the friendliest and Happiest people Ive ever seen in the food service. 

I would say to give Tia Rosa a chance and see what you think But in my opinion, I've had much better as far as mexican goes. 

I look forward to the other side opening to see the menu and prices. I would def love to see if they have a happy hour bc Id love to go for the bean dip and Margaritas :)