Tacos are really good. Best I ever had. Inexpensive. Sketchy neighborhood but just be watchful. Place is a little run down with bars on the door but I'm not that picky as long as the food is worth it.

Now for the staff.  The cashier lady tonight was so rude. Very unprofessional and unfriendly. She had a sour face, would not wait for us to finish our orders so she kept placing them incorrectly.  She did not only mess up our order but I overheard she messed up another customers order.  When the customer told one of the staff there, she went to tell the cook and she laughed about it and the cook had an angry face like it was a bother. It was just tacos, why is it such a bother to place them on different plates?!

Fear asking for a refill:  So this place only has the soda machine  where you have to ask the cashier for a refill.  This is a pretty busy place so I timed it to where the line was short (one lady in front of me). I stood behind this lady for about 15 mins.  The lady was not placing an order but was chit chatting with the cashier about personal things.  The cashier could of easily stopped the convo very quick to see what I needed but instead she kept on ignoring the actual customer behind (I'm gonna assume) friend. I finally got my chance when her friend realized I was waiting. The cashier barely acknowledged me, did not stop chit chatting with her friend, took my cup without looking at me but correctly assumed what refill I wanted (lucky guess?). I've been here before and I know they charge 50 cents for refill but I guess the cashier didn't care cuz she just placed my drink on the counter and continued to ignore me. I quickly ran off and my friend could not believe how long that took.

When we left the cashier had a stupid smile on her face directed at us. I just ignored her and walked out without saying anything with my friend behind me. Later, my friend told me the cashier and another girl that was cleaning the floor were laughing when we walked out and assume it was at us for some reason.

This would get 5 stars if the staff was friendlier, it's a shame because the food makes it 5 stars.  It's not a high end restaurant by any means but a smile and politeness wins over customers who would write positive reviews to bring in more business. I hope the owner sees this review, not only losing customers but giving away free refills.