Starting with the good. The cashier/server was nice. The menu didn't mention my chicken burrito would have rice in it. I told the cashier, because I hate rice, and he apologized promptly and offered to remake it, which he did, really fast.

The restaurant was clean, as far as I could see. I felt comfortable eating there and the menu provided variety, which I love. Also, the prices were decent for the amount of food we received.

Now to the not so good things. I ordered the chicken nachos and they were not good at all. The chicken was room temperature (it was a chilly room), the cheese was too loose, the sour cream was runny and the chips were too thick for my taste.

I ordered the chicken burrito and it was a nice size but I didn't like the fact that the majority of the filling was beans. I didn't have a lot of chicken at all. I do have to admit, I liked it better than anything else I tried though.

I ordered a Mini Monster Shrimp Taco also. Although I didn't eat it, it looked awesome. My friend ate it and she enjoyed it. She said that it was better than the other items she tried.

Now, because we were very hungry when we arrived, we also purchased chips and salsa as we waited for our food. We were not aware, nor did the cashier tell us, chips and salsa came included with both the taco and the burrito we ordered. Consequently, we ended up with three servings of chips.

Spending 2 dollars on extra chips would not have been the end of the world, if I had something to pair the chips with. The salsas were terrible, to say the least. They were sitting across the room in a little self serve area and they looked horrible. They were all just runny and dingy looking.

Nevertheless, I tasted all three they had to offer. Two of them were very hot and disgusting. I dipped one chip and almost passed out. The taste was horrible and the flavor was worse. I was reluctant to taste the last one so my friend did. She liked it, so I tried it, and it wasn't terrible, but it wasn't delicious either.

To sum up my experience, I would say I didn't like the place and I won't be going back to be tortured.