Let's face it, Taco Bell is bad news!  You know it - and I know it!  But we all have that guilty pleasure that, for whatever reason, provides us with comfort after a rough day.  For me, grabbing a Baja Blast and a few Taco Bell items drenched in my favorite (outside) sauce has always been at the top of my list.  And I think when you're reviewing Taco Bell, you're better off discussing the service as opposed to the actual food itself.  We already know the food is incredibly bad for you, so I'll just skip that part.

This was my go-to location for several years.  They've never messed up an order (something many TBs are notorious for doing) and they've always been very polite.  Plus, it's a standalone Taco Bell, shared with no sister business.  There's just something about those hybrid locations that makes me uneasy.  Like they're going to accidentally stick a KFC chicken wing inside my burrito supreme or fear of finding mashed potatoes in place of my sour cream.  Oh, the horror!

Unfortunately, despite being a Taco Bell-only location, I've watched the quality quickly drop these last couple of years.  There are many evenings where the drive-thru is held up, leaving customers completely trapped if someone pulls in behind you.  My worst experience once involved waiting 45 minutes (no joke!) in order to get my food.  And what's even more disturbing, is that when I finally made it to the window, they didn't even acknowledge that anything was wrong.  No offer to discount my food, no explanation, and most importantly, no apology.  There have been several instances where I've been trapped for a good 20-25 minutes and all have taken place in the last year or so.  

Odd, that I've had hold-ups at other locations that have been 1/3 of this time and they've either discounted my meal or offered some free cinnamon twists for my troubles.  I don't even ask - they just do it.

The staff seems to be in constant rotation.  Yes, I realize that it's fast food, but their turnover rate seems higher than usual.  I still stop by every once in awhile, but I've found that I get more consistency over at the location off of 67th Avenue and Happy Valley.  Plus, they remember my name!

Sorry, guys!  Get your act together!