This is a family owned Chipotle like kind of place adorned with  Whimsical Disneyish  boarder line offensive Stereotype Mexican Caricature Paintings. Your food is served to you in aluminum cake pans. (that might be a sign to run away) and they ring a cow bell when you tip them. (maybe another sign of I got another sucker today and this one going to die when they try this food)  I've been here before and thought I remembered it being better and maybe I was just here on a off day on my most recent visit. My expectations weren't high I knew where I was I was just expecting quick and OK.

I am giving two stars based on my husband's meal of two enchiladas that he said wasn't the best but edible and cheap.

I liked the fresh greens in my salad and I really liked the fresh cabbage option for the salad but I didn't like my Chicken Green Chile Salad for many reasons. So I have to think do I just don't like it because of my taste or is this a meal that IS awful? My conclusion is that it was awful.

1) The Chicken tasted like CANDIED Chicken. It's a shame because the chicken seemed fresh and was cooked nice and seemed like it could have been good in other hands. (even a caveman can do better)  I didn't know you could make chicken that sweet. They took the time to marinate the chicken with honey and poured a ton of honey on top of it.

2) The what seemed like house made dressing was awful and I don't know what it was suppose to be. It could be used as a WD40 substitute. I took a small taste and pushed it away before it caused damage in my system.

3) The pasteurized guacamole like green stuff just doesn't taste good. It's manufactured mix of chemicals that Lowe's maybe uses in their paint.

4) The salsa tasted like those budget jarred salsa that always suck. Nothing fresh and not so good tasting. Very flat and soggy.

5) They gave me a fresh made flour tortilla that was RAW!

6) Where was the Green Chile? Nothing resembled green chile in my salad but I did have fried onions and I did have fresh greens in a tin! WOO HOO!

ADIOS Bajio!

1.5 Stars