Abuelos,
    Sorry, but you lost a regular today and while I will not be actively badmouthing this restaurant, neither will I recommend that any of my many family and friends in the area go here. I live in Middleton and this restaurant is close enough to my house it is nearly walkable.
    My family and I used to come here several times a month, knowing full well that this is not very authentic Mexican food, but it is close to our house and my teen boys ( 6'2" and 6'7") could fill up on chips, tacos, fajitas and the like. Tall teens can really eat!
    Today I was dining alone for lunch at 2:00 pm, definitely not peak time. There were more wait staff ( three or four) and manager types ( 2?) plus the bartender, than there were patrons ( only two small tables and me). When I arrived in the entryway at the hostess station there was no hostess in sight. Two employees (one of whom would later be my waitress) were rearranging tables within full view of the hostess station. At least two other employees plus the bartender were just standing around (not engaged in customer service just then). Why all the detail about who was doing what? Because I had a lot of time on my hands to watch the goings on while standing on one foot and then the other waiting to be greeted and seated. 
   Both of the employees rearranging tables (for what purpose I can't imagine as there was no one else in the lobby waiting to be seated) looked up and over at me, but neither made any attempt to greet me or rescue me from what was becoming a hostess stand stand off. I then * literally* walked up to the hostess stand and placed both my elbows on the customer side and put my head in my hands in a gesture of despair. (In all honesty, I was having a bit of a bad day which is why I decided to treat myself to a solo lunch). When this did not elicit any action from the employees (as Lyle Lovett would say) " I made my first mistake..." 
   I was hungry, it was two o'clock and I was too lazy to get back in my car and search out another meal... Which is what I should have done! I marched to the bar and demanded the bartender's attention saying "no one has greeted me, can I just choose my own seat in the bar?" And proceeded to seat myself at a table without waiting for an answer. He must have notified somebody because eventually one of the wait staff came by with a menu.
   A manager did come to my table at some point and apologized that "the hostess had gone home for the day" and he should have been the one to seat me, but he had had to "attend to something in the freezer" and had therefore not been available. He managed to apologize, without sounding very apologetic, and was already turned away from me and halfway across the bar without waiting for my response when I said something to the effect that it really bothered me that I hadn't been greeted. He shouted across the bar ( without returning to address me properly) that if I ordered an appetizer he would pay for it. 
   I was already seated at a booth in the bar and hungry soooo " I made my second mistake... " I stayed and ordered. My meal was hot and standard but at this point tasteless due to my frustration. I had a full size drink at my table that I managed to knock over on accident (just my luck today). It was really full, so immediately started expanding to the edge of my table. I looked up to the bartender, to my waitress... ( I am sure at this point I was her only table) No one seemed aware of my dilemma and I didn't want a wet lap so I got out of my seat and helped myself to cocktail napkins to dam the flow. When my waitress finally returned ( I had been looking in her direction trying to make eye contact and report my need for a rag- to no avail) she did clean up the spill but did not offer me  another drink right away ( even one that I would pay for). She did ask me near the end of the meal...at which point it was irrelevant.  I must have looked ready to cry at this point because a woman (also a manager, I think) whom I had interacted with before came by the table and asked me if I was OK. At this point I was so speechless with my poor experience that I mumbled something about my teenagers (not the real problem at all at this point, but just didn't have the energy to complain a second time...) 
    When I left she said "hope we will see you again soon. " my third mistake: I didn't articulate that this was highly unlikely. I did tip my server 17%, my go to is always 2o%, but if I hadn't gotten my own napkins and waited for my server's attention my lap would be wet! 
    Both Lyle and I stop at three mistakes. Yes they were MY mistakes not to leave much earlier in this debacle... But I am not going to compound them by coming back.
   In case anyone from Abeulos actually reads this stuff: HAVING A NEARLY EMPTY RESTAURANT IS NO EXCUSE FOR LEAVING YOUR GREETING/SEATING STATION UNATTENDED. How hard is it to ask someone to cover you if you need to step away? I will not be back.