I enjoyed some of the food and drinks at China Poblano, but I am baffled as to what the fuss is all about.

My biggest pet peeve with this restaurant was that it is pretentiously creative.  I agree that the concept of Chinese and Mexican food served together is an interesting (and successful) one, but then it goes too far.  For example, I ordered gazpacho, expecting some semblance of a cold vegetable soup.  When the waitress brought a fruit plate with orange juice drizzled on top, I assumed the kitchen had made a simple mistake and tried to send it back.  She explained that it was, indeed, gazpacho.  But where was the soup?  She said that the orange juice was the liquid (but literally, the juice was squeezed on like you might squeeze lemon onto a piece of fish...there were only a few drops).  Call it a fruit plate, but don't call it gazpacho.  Gazpacho is a soup.  This was not soup.

The same thing happened with dessert.  I ordered the mango sticky rice and, behold, there was not a single grain of rice on the plate.  The waitress proudly proclaimed that it was "their take" on sticky rice, which was really a milky reduction with some mango puree.  If it had blown my mind flavor-wise, I would have been fine with it, but as it was it was a weak little dessert and the texture was slimy.

Also, unless you're dining with only one other person, the concept of sharing at this small plates restaurant will be frustrating.  I spent a relative lot of money on a not-too-substantial amount of food.  Plus, the carnitas tacos were too salty.

The service, too, was unimpressive.  Our waitress completely forgot to bring a drink my friend had ordered, and the servers were repeatedly bringing the wrong dishes to our table.  Everything seemed disorganized.

I loved my margarita, the salt breeze margarita (served with a delightfully light and airy salt foam on top).  I also loved the guacamole.  But, really, I can find good margaritas and guacamole at plenty of other places in Vegas.  On the whole, China Poblano was a disappointment.