If you're on McClintock and Elliot and want Mexican food, I could suggest about 8 places better than this one.  Went in after a movie, while wasting time getting my truck worked on across the street.  If you get your car worked on at that place (across the street) on a regular basis, you know, you have lots of time to kill.  I, like most, saw the add at the movie theater for $2 off and got the same bait and switch feeling once we got there.  Who's going to order an entrée right after leaving a movie theater full of popcorn.  I'm sure it's all in the fine print on the screen, but who's reading fine print on a movie screen.  Whatever, it's $2.  The place smelled funny when walking in initially.  Kind of like a bathroom that's been cleansed.  The food is just OK.  The restaurant was empty except us, the waitress was very nice.  The menu said rib eye is an extra $2, but was informed it's actually $4.  My GF loved it, but I don't think she really knows authentic Mexican food.  She ordered the beef tamales lunch special.  I thought the maza was mushy.  Nothing amazing.  I grew up eating tamales from New Mexico, so maybe I'm used to it a certain way.  I ordered the Mexican pizza which was HUGE, especially for the price, even after adding rib eye, so I appreciated that.  It's literally the size of a large pizza, so be prepared for leftovers!  I shared it with my 10 year old, and we were full after a little over half.  I can only really compare the flavor to being very similar to the taco bell Mexican pizza, only with slightly elevated ingredients in black beans rather than refried.  I ate the leftovers for dinner that evening.  Woke up about 4am with a terrible stomach ache, and my GF was already up in the guest bathroom.  She called in sick the next day.  Not going to blame the food, because I'm not like that.  Just telling my experience.  Not bad if you're stuck waiting to get your car fixed, but can't suggest coming here if you have means of transportation.  I hate giving bad reviews.