2 stars mainly for the lack of customer service bc chipotle, hands down, is the shit. My fiancé and I love chipotle. When we have a hard time deciding on what to eat, we already know where we're headed, Chipotle for my burrito or salad bowl depending on my mood and his meat lovers burrito.

Today we decided to try the online ordering system as we were in a hurry to get back to our Mariokart game and two cats. We get there a little past our 2:30 pick up time, went straight to the register as directed online and asked for our pick up order. The greeter then looks at her coworker at the beginning of the line and laughs while telling her that the 2:30 order needed to hurry up and be made bc it is 2:33. Not worried and in no terrible rush I wasn't completely bothered because I know chipotle is known for its fast and efficient service. What turned me off was there was no apology and she just hands us 2 soda cups with no eye contact or a heads up as to when our order will be ready. My fiancé and I are grateful for our free sodas and decide to just wait and refresh. As I see the cashier bagging our order I approach the register ready to pay. I told her I think that's our order. She doesn't care to see what it is and starts ringing me up anyway. I get my change and look in bag to make sure our order was correct. I realize my dressing for my salad bowl wasn't in there and I politely ask if she had put it in the bag. Maybe I missed it? She grabs a side of dressing and just drops it in the bag and turns away to continue talking to her coworker.

I personally thought the whole experience that should've lasted no more than a minute was the complete opposite of customer service. We go to this location all the time and have not had any problems but the one individual at the register was rude the second we walked in to the second we walked out.

I understand shit happens and pick up times may or may not be on time but I feel like a simple smile and a better attitude could have easily remedied the whole situation.