Being from the East, I was craving some "real" Mexican food. Staying just across the street at the Ritz, I looked out my hotel window and saw this place. Black Chile Mexican Grill. Heaven!

I walked over in the stifling heat, entered the restaurant, and had a seat at the large circular bar. I ordered the Red Chili Burro, which contains cubed beef with tomatoes, onions, garlic with Asadero, and Manchego cheese. All of this is served with something called borracho beans and sticky rice. 

And it was all outstanding! A virtual feast of delicious Mexican food that clearly told me I was not in Kansas anymore. Or Maryland, for that matter. I resigned myself to come back at least one more time during my three day visit to Phoenix. 

But here's where things started to break down a little. My server was a nice enough girl, but she completely forgot about me once I had my entree. I waited for over 40 minutes just to be able to catch her attention for a drink refill. I had decided to try some fried ice cream in keeping with tradition, but after 20 more minutes waiting for her to circle back to my side of the bar, I just gave up. 

No dessert for me tonight. 

She was constantly on the other side of the bar talking with two other patrons. That's fine, but I'm the only other customer in the entire bar area so how hard can it be to circulate back my way every so often? 

Sometimes I think I have my cloak of invisibility on. 

One highlight occurred near the end of my prolonged stay. Phoenix Suns General Manager Lance Blanks sat down next to me. All of a sudden my server was quite attentive to my side of the bar. Oh well, I guess he has more clout than I do. 

Understandable. 

But I liked the food so much I just decided to come back the following night. Same bar, just as empty with two other patrons, and a different server. This guy was very attentive. But now I had a surly kitchen runner girl who practically dropped my plate in front of me without so much as a greeting or eye contact. 

This time I decided to get dessert, the fried ice cream I'd seen on the menu the previous night. Both it and the Chimichanga I ordered this evening lived up to expectations and were most excellent. But then the same kitchen runner came out to drop off the ice cream. She seemed mildly annoyed at having to come out to me twice. 

What is it with customer service these days? This could easily have been a five star experience and would have been but for a few of the staff. And I've worked in restaurants so I know how hard the work is. I also know that if managed correctly, customer service can be consistently solid. But here at Black Chile, the entire experience was really colored by the service. 

So all in all, I recommend this place for the food. But the service is, for the most part, indifferent. Think excellent food served by your average New York McDonald's cashier and you won't be surprised. 

And don't tick off that kitchen runner!