It gets two stars because our waitress was awesome. The bartender was unfriendly and made our drinks wrong. The hostess was also quite unfriendly. 

April 28th we had just checked in to the hotel and met at the Pink Taco for a quick bite and cocktails. We saw a sign that said $.99 margaritas and inquired with the bartender. He mentioned we had to get a players card to get the deal. Well we only had 15 more minutes on the Happy Hour clock to even benefit from it and we were ready to just get started. The last thing we wanted to do at that moment was wait in line for a players card. Not going to lie, the sign is what got us in to the restaurant. Seemed convenient and then turned out to be inconvenient. If it's too good to be true... 

I decided to ask what the price range was for margaritas on a normal menu and as he walked away in irritation he said $9 - $100 and then didn't ask if I wanted anything or offer me a menu. 

We were hungry and we were there so we decided to stay and get a table. The hostess didn't do anything memorable to be lame, she just was disinterested an unfriendly. 

The Pink Taco was a terrible first stop after checking in. It's like they both hated their job and were taking it out on us. 

The waitress was awesome. Thank goodness. She was friendly, positive and accommodating. We had a couple special order tacos. There's always one in the group that has to be different :) 

No matter how friendly our waitress was it still didn't make up for the fact that the bartender made our drinks wrong. We order straight from the menu. It was something like a Spicy Michelada. Well they added tomato juice and that was not on the menu!!! So gross. She returned with drinks made the right way but we couldn't get past the initial tomato juiced beer we were originally handed. We never asked her to do it, she just took it off the bill on her own. 

It was just a crappy way to start the trip. The rest of the Hard Rock experience was great. The Paradise Tower is awesome. This review is simply a reflection on our experience at The Pink Taco.