I do wish I could actually review this restaurant because I've heard good things about it.  We attempted to eat here last week but things didn't go so well.  Upon entering we were given very rude glances by some of the diners because we had young children with us, but the staff was very accommodating and seated us at a corner table where we wouldn't be a distraction.  We ordered our drinks and dinner and were snacking delightfully on the yummy chips and dips when my sister's one year old started to fuss.  So like any normal mother she did her best trying a variety of techniques to soothe the little guy, who gradually kept getting louder (mind you, we had informed the hostess of his mood and that is why she sat us in a separate location as the rest of the patrons).  Just as she was about to take the baby out to the hall a diner from ALL THE WAY across the restaurant YELLED at us to shut that baby up.  So I would like to ask...which is more rude in a restaurant...dealing with a fussy baby or yelling?!  Needless to say the manager went over and had a chat with this diner (who was irate and very rude to him) and the manager came over and basically asked us to leave.  He did say sorry because 'we are a family restaurant' but we felt so uncomfortable and made the decision to leave as this man complaining was basically in attack mode towards us and the manager.  As we walked out this man yelled at us that the baby needed a spanking and we needed to shut him up.  By far one of the most uncomfortable dining situations I have ever been in.  The baby had JUST started to fuss and we weren't even given a chance to deal with him.  This is not some $50 plate gourmet restaurant.  It shouldn't have been that big of a deal, but we weren't impressed that we were the ones asked to leave and not this inappropriate man who also acted like he had been drinking.  Unfortunately it left a sour taste in our mouths and I doubt we'll return, even though my sister who is a local, has raved about the food!