Let me preface this by saying that I have eaten at dozens of Chipotle locations throughout Texas.  I avg'ed 3 visits a week to Chipotle over a 10 year span.  Chipotle's food quality is consistently good.  The only variation tends to be the dryness of the meat (particularly steak) and the preparation of the burrito (ie overstuffing, spreading of sauce, etc).

This is hands down the worst experience I have ever had at a Chipotle.  I have no major complaints about the food itself, albeit the steak looked dry and the chicken a bit charred.  The real issues are the service and location.

First of all, this location may as well be outside because it was easily 90 degrees inside.  No wonder the service is poor, because it would be a miserable place to work.  Also, there is no real character to the location.  This is the first Chipotle I've been to that really doesn't feel like a Chipotle. Outside there is a large covered area where tables/chairs could be placed.  Instead, that space is completely empty and those of us unable to find seating inside must sit on ledges.  This isn't completely horrible except that most of it is not under cover and one risks being either crapped on by pigeons or bomb attacked by them (which I witnessed).

In regards to the service, this is the slowest Chipotle I've ever been to.  You would think given the location that throughput would be paramount but apparently not.  I've gotten through Chipotle lines 3 times as long in less time.  There were tons of people working, and the line wasn't long so I really don't understand why it took so long.  Also, in general it annoys me at Chipotle when they ask you the same question twice.  If you aren't ready to ask me what kind of beans or meat I'm having then don't ask.  This location was particularly bad about this.

The only positive about this location was the price, which was reasonable and in the price range I would expect of Chipotle.  To be honest, I would rather they increased the price and improved the service/location though.  As it stands, I will try to avoid this particular location on future Vegas trips.