Shopping at Desert Ridge and it was past lunchtime.   Despite there being only two or three tables occupied and several hours past standard lunch hours, it was a bit untidy.  A few littered tables, some bits on the floor, the salsa bar needed straightened. (Minus a point)  I was waited on at the counter by the manager, who greeted me with a big smile and was very pleasant and patient as I studied the menu.  As it was my first time, I decided to go for the Famous Fish Tacos plate.  They gave me my number, my pop cup, and I mosied over to the salsa bar and filled up some cups with different salsas to try before settling at a high-top by the window.  It wasn't long before another smiling counter-person brought out my order and checked to make sure I had everything I neeed.  Very nice level of service.

Then things started going downhill.  The fish tacos---they  tasted very, very, VERY fishy.  In fact, I started to worry that maybe the fish had gone bad.  (Of course, I didn't think of that until I was halfway thru my second taco!  Eeeek!)  (Minus another point) Now the beans were very good---super tasty!---in fact, I should have gone with just a big plate of them!

But the killing blow---and so many eating establishments, both fast, casual and fine do this and I don't know why!!!!???---was as I started my meal, the manager started sweeping up around my table with a broom and dustpan as I ate.  As I said, the dining room was basically empty, she could have started anywhere else.  Better yet, she could have done something less dust-raising, like clean off the table tops or tidy the salsa bar or clean a bathroom or iron money or SOMETHING!  Do these people not realize what an absolute turn-off it is to be trying to eat and imagining dust from countless other diners wafting around your food?  Yuck!  So, MAJOR point reduction.

Would I eat here again---maybe, maybe not.  There's quite a few quick eat places at Desert Ridge to try out and even though I didn't get sick, there was something not right about those fish tacos.  Or maybe that's just how they taste at Rubios---but I have had fish tacos before that have been delightful.  These were not.    And, like I said, it just irks me to be swept around when I am eating.  So, like I said, maybe...maybe not.