I've been there a few times and I can now make an honest review.

The parking lot is small and at first spot is not very "inviting" and it's no fancy place so if that's your thing, seek elsewhere.  Yes, it's probably open but u have to pull hard on that door as it won't budge easy and it fools you that's it's close.  This Salsitas here is more of an old fashioned traditional taste fast food restaurant where appearances are priority 3, taste is 2 and profits is their 1st.

This is something you might not be aware of but when  it comes to your sweet tooth Salsitas got your covered....from Fresas con Crema (strawberries and creme) all the way to Escamochas (no translation on this tasty treat).

The food is great but the taste still not all the way authentic.  You can still appreciate the effort and enjoy the food and if you haven't taste the true original traditional Mexican flavors, you will love this place.  As for me, the ratings will still remain at 3 stars as I've been exposed to absolute originals from the mother land.
One fact that pushed me away from Salsitas, at least from this location, was the assistance of an uninvited crawler on the wall; yes...u guessed right, it was a small roach!  I saw it by the wall close to the exit door. -_- Far away from the kitchen but close enough to keep me away from this location.
The tables are old and they wobble and their look is out of date, as I mentioned, their appearance is not their 1st priority, I might be wrong, but it's how it appears.

In a nutshell, Salsitas has a great variety of food with taste improving opportunities, authentic Aguas frescas, sweet heavenly snacks and a lack of concern for cleanliness and equipment failure.

If u can get past the thought of the roach on the wall,  do give it a shot...as for me, it's the only thing keeping me away as I don't mind the wobbly table nor the outdated look, but I'll b going to a different spot.
I'm hoping that after this review they take care of that issue as all places have the ability to be better and become great as I know this spot can be.

Well, may the taste Gods be on your side.  'til next time.