I've edited this review to say that after the restaurant received my complaint, they called me and apologized. I wish they wound have handled it better while we were there, but I appreciate them reaching out. I also threw another star their way for the effort.

If I could give this place zero stars, I would. But the avocado fries were quite good, so perhaps that is where the one star can come from. I wouldn't really know on the rest of the food because after waiting for over an hour for our entrees to show up, we had them wrapped up to go. And by the time I could sit down to actually eat, the food was cold and gross and I threw 3/4 of it away.

I was visiting family in Arizona when we went to this On the Border. Our  party consisted of 3 female adults (including me) and two children, a 5yo and a 16mo old. We arrived at 4:45PM on a Saturday and were sat quickly and ordered appetizers drinks and entrees quickly. We received drinks and appetizers in a timely manner, though we did have to stop our server and other workers to get us refills on drinks and chips. 

But that is where the positive experience ends. After we received our appetizers, we waited for 45 minutes before we were told that the food was held up because the 5yo's chicken strips were frozen. We were not given an opportunity to order something else for her, and though we asked to have the rest of the food served, it was not. Then our server told us that there was a complete breakdown in the kitchen, which led to all the waiting. However, we watched no less than 6 tables around us arrive, order, eat, pay their bill and leave. These were tables comparable in size to ours. Also, when we arrived and ordered well before dinner rush, there were hardly any other patrons. 

Finally at 5:45 after we had been there an hour, I asked to have the whole order wrapped up to go. Our server was apologetic, and offered us free dessert that we did not want. The manager did not come talk to us, and no one offered to comp any portion of our meal. The order STILL took another 20 minutes to get to us, and we finally were able to leave at about 6:15. 

There was a major breakdown in communication that I have never experienced at any other restaurant in my life. I will not return to any location of On the Border. Terrible customer service.