This review is going to encompass a couple of visits over the years. More specifically the past 2 years of Cinco de Mayo visits. 

Patron is a local Mexican chain with 4 locations around Pittsburgh, the newest being the local I will be talking about in East Liberty on the corner of S. Highland and Center Ave.

PIttsburghers never miss a chance to indulge in lecherous behavior and Cinco de Mayo at a Mexican place is no different, even on a Tuesday. My girlfriend and I had made plans to attend Patron yesterday as we had last year right when it opened its doors and pretend to be stereotypical. We made plans for 7pm, which understandably is prime time and we expected a wait, so in anticipation of events I called to add my name to the list ahead of time to cut down on the wait. The hostess must have stepped away as on of the other staff took to the phone [first bad sign]. In broken English I was told of the 1-1.5 hour wait [hence calling 45 minutes early] and I said to add my name to the list. Upon arrival I went to check on where I was in line, just to discover that my name had never been added to anything and that we were back in the queue [1 star for that]. However, we had done this last year also and it was lovely outside so we decided to wait anyways. 

In anticipation of the wait, Patron had set up a front bar where you would be able to have house margaritas or beers while you wait [good redemption]. While we waited we observed the hostess staff where at one point 4 people were standing debating who to seat next. The process was fully manual and groups came and left in droves so crossing outs and addings were happening left and right. We thought this quite inefficient, the same remark we made in 2014. [however that was about a week after their grand opening so we let that slide]. The waiting area, similar to the rest of the restaurant is colorful and ethnic and airy. Very pleasant. After about an hour we were given a booth in the back.

Now the real wait began. For about 7-10 minutes we sat until a busser appeared to bring us salsa and a basket of chips. Our hungry selves immediately delved into these and soon found ourselves thirsting for water. However, no waiter was in sight. After about another 15 minutes rather than a waiter appearing we were greeted by the manager who brought us more chips and salsa and finally flagged down exhausted looking teen so take our beer orders. [Beer works for thirst too but water would have been nice too] Those finally arrived 10 minutes later with surprise! more chips. We observed the neighboring tables who were in similar pain. Nobody to help them along in the process of anything. We kept our eyes out for our frantic waitron who continuously disappeared into a black hole. When we did see him he was frazzled and sweating and busy... with... I actually couldn't tell you. We finally flagged him down to ask for food orders. One side of guac, one Fajita Chesadilla and an Enchilada Carnitas. 

Finally. Progress... until the waiter came back and asked if the Enchiladas would be with chicken or beef.... um... carnitas. ... Know you menu. 

Eventually waters appeared, which was fantastic at that point in time. While waiting for our food, the waitron checked on us apologizing profusely for a backed up kitchen. hm... They sat a table next to us who had eventually just abandoned the process because of no service. [Not the kitchen's fault]. In attempts of cleaning abandoned menu I finally understood how the service was slow. Waitron would do one thing then run back then come out do a single thing and then return to the waitron station... no dear... you made 3 trips for something that could have been 1. This is why you don't hire new meat right before you busy drinking days.... especially when they are 18 and don't know any better. [1 star for this]

To the actual food. It was good. 0 complaints there. By the end of the evening we had been there for 3 hours for an entire meal. [which was good and still decently warm when it arrived] Even the complimentary shot of tequila was not a good remedy for this. and $25 a person.... i guess that's $8 and hour... [1 star for this]

Understandably, we half knew what we were getting ourselves into for the wait outside which is why this doesn't have a single star rating. Also they had a live jazz[ish? band we couldn't figure out what the trumpet player was doing] band playing which was nice, just a little bit [very] loud.

We will be moving our Cinco de Mayo festivities somewhere else next year.