I can sum up this review with this:

An alcohol-free lunch for two at a Mexican restaurant that costs $45 better have me saying, "Holy crap that was good, I can't wait to go back!"

Not so at Cantina Laredo.

They tout "gourmet Mexican food".  And while some of the entree's looked interesting, and I suppose "gourmetish", I was basically unimpressed.

The table-side prepared guacamole was very good, though $10 seems a bit pricey. It was nice and chunky, just how I like it (though the onions were TOO chunky for my taste. Unlike a previous reviewer noted, the jalapenos were diced to the perfect size).

Chips were excellent, and the salsas were quite tasty, but had absolutely no fire.

I ordered the Enchiladas de Mole, which were just OK. Not bad, not great. The "Sweet, spicy blend of dried Mexican peppers" made me think there would be some spice/fire to this dish, but again there was none. Flavorful, yes. Spicy, not-so-much. And there was something odd about the taste that we couldn't quite place. One of those dishes that I couldn't quite decide if I liked or not. It was almost as if the cook did something for the sole purpose of making it "gourmet".

My lovely bride ordered a combo plate that was anything but "gourmet". It was standard Mexican fare. Again, OK but not great by any stretch of the imagination (and available for half the price at any mom & pop type place on the planet).

The guy behind me ordered fajitas that smelled delightful. Then again, you can throw a hunk of any form of beef on a sizzling skillet and it'll smell delightful to me. 

Service was very good. We were seated swiftly (the place was basically empty at noon, which doesn't bode well for their future) and the food came quickly. Our soda / tea / chips were never empty. Very attentive service, though not particularly friendly. Clearly not rude, just sort of "there".

This place looks like it might be fun to hang out and have drinks. A large (and apparently well stocked) bar is front and center. With margaritas pushing $12 a pop though, be sure to check your credit limit before leaving home.

In short, you can slap "gourmet" on the facade and on the menu. You can charge "gourmet" prices. But if you don't serve gourmet food, you wind up with a two star restaurant that I can't recommend....