I must admit, I had high expectations due to the Tia Rosa name.  But I guess I should have been warned by the total lack of customers at 5pm on a Monday.

Since the place is a taqueria, I figured I'd skip the usual burrito or chimichanga and get tacos.  Seeing the $2.99 price, I had to ask if it was for more than 1.  I was told it was just one, but they were pretty large.

I was really hungry, so I ordered 1 chicken taco and 1 pork taco, with a side of guacamole and a soda.

Scouting for a seat, I was about to sit in one of the booths nearest the counter, but then noticed a funky wintergreen smell just like the Skoal smokeless tobacco that some teens used when I was growing up.  Needless to say, I found other seating.

After a few minutes my number was called and I got my food.  At first I thought I got the wrong order.  The tacos were laid out flat, with all of the contents piled on top.  Looked like a soft tostada.  On the side was some extra shredded lettuce, but it was all wet and mushy, and starting to brown.  Clearly not fresh, and cut with dull knives.

The tacos themselves were smaller than I expected, and pretty bland.  A rather small amount of meat, some bland white cheese, a lot of pico de gallo and lettuce.  No beans.  And the toritillas, although doubled, were way too fragile to facilitate eating the tacos without a fork and knife.  The plastic cutlery was that really cheap bendy kind, making it hard to use.  Guess the owners never tried eating here, or they'd have realized the need for some better quality plasticware.

I honestly couldn't tell which taco was chicken and which was pork, by taste alone.  Only upon visual examination of the meat could I tell the difference.  I know they call pork the other white meat, but come on, where's the flavor?

Lastly, the guacamole was really weak.  No spicyness at all, and it was somewhat runny and salty tasting.  What'd they do, make it with saline solution?  Blech.  And not even some chips on the side, without paying extra.

I left having spent over $10, and while I wasn't hungry anymore, I certainly didn't feel like I got my $ worth.

I'll stick with Chipotle, thank you.