I gave this place an extra star because the atmosphere is great and has the potential to be really nice. But everything else was pretty comically bad.

I arrived with two other other people around 7 on a Thursday. We asked the two hostesses if there was seating on the deck. We were told it would be a half hour wait. I thought well, okay, we can wait and just get a drink at the downstairs bar first. 

We ordered drinks and before our beers were even poured we were told a table was open. This would normally just be a result of good luck if it weren't for the fact that there were about 5 open tables when we went up there. This tells me that the hostesses had no grasp on what was really going on. Why have two if one is not keeping track of your biggest draw during the warm months; the upstairs deck?

We were all starving. The menu is sort of lacking any creativity so it was difficult to make a choice, My party ordered the carne asade tacos, a carne asade burrito and the fajita burrito. 

It took a little while for the food to come out, but nothing bad because it was sort of busy. The people in my party that had the carne asade dishes complained that the steak was chewy and rubbery. My fajita burrito, was perhaps the worst burrito I have ever gotten. I would rank it below chipolte, taco bell, 7-11 frozen burritos.

Issues with the burrito

(1) There was hardly any chicken in it. It was basically a tortilla filled with bland and generally undercooked rice and peppers and onions

(2) The chicken that was there was disgusting. You would expect a fajita chicken burrito to have, I dunno, grilled chicken in it. This seemed to be shredded chicken or canned chicken. It was difficult to discern because there was so little to investigate. Maybe it is better when there is more a spoonful in it? Not sure.

(3) the vegetables were probably microwaved. Well I do not know that for sure. There were no sear marks to be seen. Onions change appearance when cooked. A shortcut was taken somewhere. Maybe they were just warmed quickly in a skillet. I hope its not just a massive pile of onions and peppers in a prep bin!

Despite all that I polished off the entire thing because I was starving. I told the waitress it was terrible and she said sorry and asked if it was the pulled chicken in the burrito. Why don't the servers know what is in the food? Every place I ever worked at had all the servers sample each meal before starting. 

The food was so gross. It is a shame that the bar next door that has a small kitchen mainly for wings and hoagies has better mexican food (quesadillas and tacos) than a place that is marketed as a mexican restaurant.

This seems like a place that had all the money in the world to design it nicely, but is not being run by anyone that even has the slightest grasp on food service and definitely has no one of any pedigree making the recipes for the food. Or maybe it was just a bad night. But you know how first impressions go...

My advice to the DeSimones is to hire someone that actually is trained in culinary to make the menu, and to hire someone to run the place that understands basic concepts on how to run a restaurant. I only worked food service for two years and noticed too many things wrong to name. I would think anyone that has served at a chain restaurant for a year or two would be able to make some of the changes needed for this place to even be remotely run like a real restaurant.

Or maybe this place is making money hand over fist based on atmosphere?