My family and I normally love this place up until this past Friday night. I was lucky enough to come here prior to them opening to the public to sample and critique the Cantina. I loved it! we have been here a minimum of 10 times since then. Back to Friday Night and the 2 star rating! 
We get there at 9:00 pm, order our food, sit down outside, in a few minutes we get our food served by the gentleman from the kitchen. the waitress that was helping the other patrons outside literally blew us off completely.
There are 2 other tables being occupied, the manager comes outside and greets the couple next to us and asks how their evening is and if everything is alright, they chat for about a minute. He then proceeds to pass our table and goes to the next table and asks them the same questions, they chat a little longer, wait.. here comes the big issue.. the manager looks at me and my group with a look of disgust, turns and walks back inside! WTF!! seriously?! 
We paid for our food like everyone else in this place, why not ask us, how our food is? I did not want to make a big deal because I don't want the girls to feel uncomfortable, but the manager continues to stare at us from inside, but never came out again. 
My husband had to go to the front counter to ask for a to-go box and to refill our drinks. This is the first time I have ever felt so little in my life! Need less to say we did not leave a tip and i felt horrible, but like my husband said, since we were invisible to the waitress, she got an invisible tip too! She did nothing for us, not one word to us for the hour we were there. 
I hate to tell my daughter that we will not be going back, because, us being Mexican, we think the food is actually delicious. I dont fel comfortable returning. I was really hoping that is was not a racial issue (we are a biracial family) because this is the first time i had seen that certain manager and we were treated like crap.. but after reading some of the other reviews, they pick and choose who gets good service :( 
I will not recommend this place to anyone again. Good food, horrible service by those 2 who worked on 11/6/15.