So here we go again, dropped the son off at school, late, no time for me to eat a good breakfast, so I start craving a breakfast burrito.  My buddy tells me the other day that a new place opened up by Basha's, this is the 4th business to open in this same location and the second Mexican joint.  It's 0815 and there's no one inside the place, but the staff, this doesn't scare me away because most responsible folks are at work already, so I push on.  There are two dry erase boards with specials written on them, so i try to find the breakfast burritos in the array of typical Mexican food offerings.  The staff are busy setting up for the day and finally realize I'm there and they warmly welcome me to their shop.  A man, who I assume is the owner, because he is dressed rather nicely for someone who is slingin' burritos all day, says good morning and I start questioning him about all their breakfast burritos, ingredients and combos, he tells me they have, sausage, bacon and only beef chorizo (that's to bad because my wifey cannot eat beef), so I panic because there is no machaca, no pork chorizo for my wife and no ham.  The nice lady behind the Ipad they are using for a register asks me for my order, I ask if they are only making breakfast burritos and she crushes my heart, when she says yes, because I really wanted a carnitas burrito for later ;(.  I place my order to go(one bacon and one chorizo) I pay a little over $8.00 for them and the old Hispanic lady at the griddle gets busy making our burritos.  I ask the lady at the register if the chorizo is spicy and she says no, she's right it wasn't, but they have a full salsa bar so you can doctor your burrito to the level of spiciness you like.  By the time I'm done messing around with salsa and those little plastic cups and lids my food is ready!  Before I go I ask for a menu to take with me and the owner and nice lady assure me they have them, but after an extensive search they tell me they are OUT, that's not a good sign.  So  I head home with my food and now I am starting to worry that I'm still gonna be hungry, because these are not the typical Filiberto's sized burritos that I am used to paying $4-5 for.  I get home and the wife finds her bacon b.b. and I get my chorizo b.b. she has eggs, cheese and a few overcooked strips of bacon on top, takes a bite and adds some of the chunky (not pico) salsa to hers.  I open mine and it is soaked in red grease, like most typical b.b. tend to be and I am surprised at the child sized portion of both.  I try my burrito and it is okay, but it takes a healthy dose of salsa to make it better.  Then I decide to try the red, seed laden salsa, that I know will probably tear my stomach up later and it is HOT, limey and a little salty, I liked it!  Bottom line is I have been ruined by Filiberto's, Armando, and the list of great valley Mexican fast food joints goes on.  For the price I paid, I'm likely not to return anytime soon.  If  Cilantro's doesn't want to be added to the list of failed restaurants in this location they need to increase their portion sizes and get more variety.