Hit this spot with my family and dad after visiting the Anthem Farmers Market on Sunday.  

Either we visited during a perfect alignment of bad luck or it really is systemically flawed on the part of the operators.   

The place was pretty empty for noon on Sunday.  There were 3 covers...the place looks like it seats around 40.  Our party of 4 plus my 2-year old were seated immediately.  My daughter was given a coloring book page and some well-used crayons in a dirty rubbermaid container.  While our family isn't the germaphobe type, communal crayons for toddlers doesn't send a message of sanitation.

 It took around 15 minutes for our server to take our drink orders and another 10 minutes to return with our waters and ice teas.  (The ice tea was slightly tinted tan water with barely enough tea flavor to incite nausea...growing up in Alabama, I'm an ice tea snob.)

Our food order was fulfilled in a reasonable amount of time.  My entree was a bit spicy for me, but that's pretty subjective.  Requisite beans and rice were solid though.  Value was pretty low though for what we got.  The quality wasn't any better than any other strip mall counter service Mexican joint but prices were about double.

After a long wait upon finishing our meals, we were met with an apologetic server who said their computers were down and we could either wait longer or he could write up manual ticket.  We were paying cash and I've got to think that's the simplest transaction to process, but he looked supremely at a loss when we opted for the manual ticket option.

We finally completed our transaction and left.  We were given a 10% off our next visit coupon for our inconvenience.  My dad asked rightfully why we couldn't have 10% off this transaction for our current inconvenience...that was met with a vapid stare.

Given the benefit of the doubt, it did seem they were shorthanded in the kitchen.  We did see another couple walk out because of the long delay.  Maybe it was just a bad day or maybe it was a more systemic problem.