We came here for dinner in hopes that this place would end up being a bar we could go to on a regular basis. We generally have to drive out to Chandler or Ahwatukee to get anything decent; Maricopa isn't exactly booming with great places to eat or shop. When we walked in I liked the atmosphere of the bar; all the things hanging on the walls and from the ceiling was fun. It was pretty busy and it took a few minutes for someone to find us a table. Once sat our server introduced herself and took our drink order. She came back and we ordered some chips and salsa to start. We got our appetizer. The chips and pico de gillo was great but the other salsa tasted off...it had a metallic taste. We were waiting for our server to come back to take our entree order but she was running around to other tables. We waited, and waited...and waited. 25 minutes later another server saw our menus still on the table when she went to grab them l I told her we'd been waiting quite a while to order. She took our order; I asked for the fish and chips and my boyfriend ordered the meatball sub. Now we waited and waited...and waited again. The woman who took our entree order brought us more chips and salsa on the house for the delay. Finally after another 25 minutes we got our food. We were trying to stay positive thinking maybe all this waiting will be worth it. It really wasn't. My fish and chips seriously looked like those fish sticks you got as a kid. They looked very unappetizing and the portion did not match the price. Also the breading on them was falling off and was moist instead of crispy. I couldn't believe I was paying near $13 for 5 little fish sticks and some under seasoned, frozen, crinkle cut fries. This meal should really be priced around $8...$9 at the most. My boyfriend's meatball sub was also on the smaller side as well but he did say it was tasty, however they really jipped him on fries. Our original server came back, apologized, and refilled our drinks. The whole evening was kind of blah. I could honestly overlook all the waiting but what I can't overlook are the prices you pay for the food you get. It's truly not worth it. I'd rather make the drive out to Chandler or Ahwatukee and get better food and better service. We're not sure if we'd be back. Who pays $33 for cheap fish sticks and fries and a small meatball sub!? We could have gone to Outback Steakhouse and gotten delicious prime rib for that price.