Eh.....this new place that took over what used to be a Wendy's is average.  Just average.

Wifey took us here after her co-workers raved how good their food was.  We decided to stop by one Friday night for a quick dinner.  It was less than what I expected.  Most of her co-workers are Mexican!  No joke.

You enter Taqueria El Buen Pastor and it's just confusing where to go.  You look straight back and there you see the counter where your order is cooked.  But the cashier station is all the way on the left side?  Weird.  Second thing that really bothered me?  The damn pricing!  Is this upscale Mexican food?  I was hoping for more rustic like a good tiny taco shop or even a Roberto's.  But this place charges you an arm & a leg for an entrée.  It's cheaper (and probably just as good) as the eatery in Cardenas Market right across the street!  But I digress.

After looking at the menu, which is basically plastered all over their walls in no good arrangement, we placed our order.  We had:

*Burrito Al Pastor ($8!)
*Carne Asada Nachos ($10.50!)
*Cheese Quesadilla ($5.50!)

I place the '!' as definitely an exclamation.  Prices be rising!  Unfortunately I cannot condone the quality for the prices.

The salsa bar on the opposite side of the cashier was OK, stocked with the usual pickled carrots, cucumbers, radishes, and salsas.  Veggies were a bit limp, the carrots didn't have enough time to pickle properly so they were weak.  And their salsas?  Ugh, they weren't so tasty.  Salt, guys?

Burrito Al Pastor was really lackluster.  It was small first of all, and when I cut it open there was nothing to be excited about.  This burrito was gloomy!  Al pastor, rice, beans, some cheese.  So plain.  No even a little color with some fresh salsa inside.  It tasted kinda plain too.  The al pastor was light on flavor - not much spice on my tongue, or much sweet from pineapple that should be in there.  Pretty disappointing.

Cheese Quesadilla?  For over $5?  Better be damn good!  And it really wasn't.  It was a tortilla.  Filled with bland cheese.  Then put on the grill to brown.  How hard can it be to make this?  And why does this particular one cost so much?  Nothing special.  I could have easily made a quesadilla better than this one for much less.  Hell, Del Taco makes a better cheese quesadilla.  Maybe even Napoleon Dynamite too.

The somewhat saving grace of this place was the Carne Asada Nachos.  Chips were hot & crispy, carne asada was crisp.  There was even color in the form of fresh salsa (with a TON of red onions) & guacamole.  But even this dish wasn't perfect.  Nachos should have cheese!  Lots of cheese!  This one was skimpy on the cheese.  And for damn near $11?  The platter should have been BIGGER!  Could barely feed the 3 of us.  With more cheese and more chips this would have been a winner.

Taqueria El Buen Pastor is not a winner overall in my book.  It was just so underwhelming.  And I was a bit excited too because I saw Tacos de Cabeza (brain) and Tacos de Lengua (tongue) on the menu.  But at like $2 each ($2.50 for lengua) I'm not so sure.  

Mira, mira...update your prices amigos!