We so wanted this place to be good.  Really we did.  We have been here for (nearly) four months and have yet to find a Mexican restaurant we like, which is very disappointing.  Any suggestions are welcome!

I found this place on the Phoenix's event calendar stating that they offer good mimosa and bloody mary deals on the weekends.  Honestly, I just thought the pictures looked fun and the over-sized Jenga needed to be played.  So, we used our Saturday morning to give this place a go.

When you walk up, it is fairly obvious that this place took over what used to be a lawn and garden center of a store.  Nothing wrong with that - it was funky and eclectic.  The entryway is neat and has fun touristy "stick-your-face" in the cutout and look like something else photo props out front.  We decided it was decent enough outside to sit in their porch area under one of the misters.  

The booths are two steps up and fun - but a touch awkward for our shorter waitress considering that the extra foot off the ground for the table didn't exactly extend her reach.  We got our drinks quickly and I order the pick 2 combo while my fiancee ordered the street tacos.  

My pick 2 - gringo rolls and mini tacos (fried mini tacos with shredded beef and avocado salsa) which came with a side of rice / beans - $10.  His meal was the shredded chicken mini tacos with jalapeno salsa (didn't include rice and beans) - $11.  

Gringo Rolls - decent.  Kinda bland.  It was simply mashed black beans and cheese wrapped in a tortilla.  They weren't bad, but weren't amazing.  Mini Tacos were my favorite, but just as the name implies they were definitely tiny and there were only 2 of them on the plate.  Surprisingly the rice and beans were totally bland and without flavor.  Boo.  I'll be honest, I was hungry about 2 hours later. 

The waitress was nice and got us refills and such in a timely manner.  No complaints there.  

Overall: C-
(I would recommend them for a late night bar to drink some beer and watch tv - that's about it - maybe play a round of giant Jenga.)