Took the whole family to check this place out on a Saturday. The place is very nicely decorated, however the chairs have  like a wicker type material and my shirt kept getting snagged on it, bummer.

Our server was really bad...no personality at all. I did notice the other servers were having a great time with other guests and were very friendly, but alas....not ours.

We all ordered typical dishes, tacos, rice, beans. I got a special of three different tacos : ground beef (YUCKY!!), shredded beef (OK), and chicken (OK). The problem was the tortilla that the taco was in...as soon as I went to pick it up the bottom was filled with grease that it went to pieces...all of them. My husband is Mexican...I have had every kind of taco under the sun...this tortilla ordeal was not acceptable.

When our server returned I showed him the evidence and was told that this how the tacos are served...they fall apart..there's nothing he can do. Yes...this is what he said. Then he just turns around and leaves. Then a cook from the back comes out and asks if I had a problem with the tacos...I said yes...look. He apologizes and offers to make a new one and I gladly oblige. New tacos come out with the appropriate casing. But as stated earlier the filling are not that great.

Our server never returned after that...ever. We had to ask another server for our bill, and they brought it to us...not our server. Told the manager on the way out about the situation and he gave us one free meal on next visit. I have not returned at this time ...we will see what happens next time.

Bottom line about this place is that it is average mexican food that is in no way fabulous or special. Also overpriced for the quality of what you get . I have better at a local taco shop.It also annoys me when these places serve a taco with ground beef and screw that up. I really think that ground beef should not be used in mexican restaurants at all. I really need to stop going to these types of mexican restaurants...I am always disappointed. 

Good luck to you on your visit.