High hopes not fulfilled

The recent re-opening of Taqueria Guadalajara had me in a taco state of mind, so the wife and I made the trip to the east side of Madison to El Poblano.  We knew the owner from her days at Tex Tubbs and were looking forward to her take on Mexican cuisine.  

The restaurant is in the parking lot of Woodman's East and hasn't changed a lot from its days as a Hardee's / Popeye's Chicken, other than a mural painted on the wall.  Some of the tables had embroidered table cloths under plastic, which was a nice touch, but many of the tables needed to be wiped down.  And the bullet hole in the window of our booth was a touch I could probably do without.

Once we were seated, we received a basket of chips with red salsa.  The chips were so-so; they didn't appear to be made fresh.  The red salsa was quite delicious, but the salsa verde (which you need to ask for) was the real star and we enjoyed our chips and salsa as we perused the menu.

I ordered three tacos:
The fried tilapia was by far my favorite.  The interior was flaky and moist and the exterior was well seasoned.  I would have preferred a little crunch, but still a very solid offering.  The garnishes of spicy mayo, slaw and pickled red onion provided nice contrast of flavor and texture.  I would like to come back to try the blackened tilapia and the shrimp versions of their Taco Del Mar.

The el pastor taco was very dry, I needed to spoon on several spoonfuls of the salsa verde to overcome the dry, chewy texture.  The dish needed a sauce or a little pineapple to provide some moisture.  I'd take the el pastor as Los Gemelos over this dish any day.

The asada taco suffered from the same problem as the pork.  It was dry and chewy and needed several spoonfuls of the red salsa. It was my least favorite of the three tacos.

My wife ordered the chicken enchiladas.  The chicken was so dry that I could not cut off a section with my fork.  When she removed the chicken from the tortilla wrapper, the chicken stayed in cigar shaped tubes.  I was tempted to put one of the chicken tubes in my pocket as eat it like jerky, but decided that I didn't want to risk chipping a tooth.

At the end of the meal, my wife reminded me of her simple rule for evaluating restaurants: if the restaurant is almost empty at dinner time, there is a reason for that.  We really should have heeded that advice.  While I will return to try the other seafood tacos, she will not be accompanying me.