After just moving here from the west coast, my husband and I havr been in desperate need of a good hand-held burrito joint. He's from San Diego, and we are both rediculously picky when it comes to mexican food. So, we were very excited after ready all the great reviews on yelp. Unfortunately,  we were both extremely disappointed. I give it a two star because I'd be willing to give it another chance, but it'll be a while. If I were asked "Do you want to go to Taco Bell or The Burrito Factory" I'd ask, "Which is closer?"

I'm a sucker for little "whole in the wall" joints so the decor and the location didn't bother me. But I was immediately turned off by the way you order. I thought if you ordered a burrito it would just come with everything on it that was listed, but it's just a typical conveyer belt like ordering counter. You have to ask for all the toppings individually. It also set me off that the only types of cheese they have are, feta, mozzarella, and nacho cheese sauce? How is this an "authentic californoa burrito" without jack or cojita cheese? 

After my confusion at the counter, I finally got my bean, rice, and cheese burrito. Meh! That's it. Absolutely no flavor with the rice or beans, and the tortillas aren't fresh. I thought the only saving grace would be the salsa bar, but each salsa was just as bland as the next. They had no flavor, and no spice. What's the point of having a salsa bar if they all taste the same? 

My husband got the tofu burrito (we are both vegetarian), and it was the worst cooked tofu we've ever had. If you are vegetarian DO NOT get the tofu burrito, it is wet and slimy. Terrible texture, and as bland as the rest of the meal. 

I'm willing to give this place another shot based on all the amazing reviews, but I have a feeling this is not a good place for a vegetarian. Even with all the veggie options, it's not worth it. If the rice and beans are flavorless, even if I order another dish I'm worried it's not going to get better. 

This place might have great meat dishes, but based on the flavor and quality of ingredients, this is in NO WAY "California style burritos". This is just another americanized, bland, burrito joint. Nothing special.