We were very excited to go to Elvira's this evening! It was a beautiful 80* and we'd waited  with anticipation as they remodeled. We decided this was the night for our first visit.

We parked in the lovely back parking lot, walked by the beautiful patio and excitedly entered the building. Little did we know, but that's where the fairy tale ends.

We asked the underwhelmed hostess if we could sit outside, 'We aren't seating outside,' she responded. We sucked it up and agreed to sit inside the beautifully remodeled building. 

The restaurant was nearly empty yet she tried to seat us at a table right by the hostess stand and kitchen door. We asked for a booth so we were seated at a booth created for no human with the booths so far from the table that we finally decided to pull the table toward one side of the booth and sit as 'same siders.' If their policy is to fill up the worst tables first I highly recommend they change that policy as no guest wants to know they are in a beautifully remodeled restaurant with a fabulous outdoor area and yet are given the choice of 2 places to sit, the bad table or the worse booth.

We ordered 2 waters with lime and 2 draft beers that were listed on their menu under the draft beer heading, even pointing at our selection to be sure. We were brought 2 waters with lemon and 2 bottles of beer. We tried to stay positive with the lemon/lime mix up as the language barrier  could have been the problem. We sent back the bottled beer for a brand she assured us they did have on draft. Lo and behold she came back 10 minutes later to tell us that they do not have draft beer.

After being there for at least 20 minutes it finally occurred to us that that the beautiful evening sitting at the foot of the Superstition Mountains drinking a cold draft beer and eating great mexican food was probably not in our future so we did something we've never done, we politely left. 

I am an AJ resident and a foodie and I am determined that AJ CAN HAVE GOOD FOOD EXPERIENCES! Please Elvira's step up your game, we will be glad to give it another chance!