Another small plates casual restaurant by Chef Jose Andres at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas. We were so hungry, we only saw this restaurant open for lunch a bit earlier. It's Chinese and Mexican small plates. 

A solid 2.5 star, one goes to the service, one goes to the Tsingtao beer (Chinese beer) they serve, and a very authentic Chinese hot sauce they serve, half star goes to the decor. 

Total lunch bill for 2 , 1 beer: $70, ( really a lot for the tiny portions)

A brunch menu and regular menu, we ordered something from both menus.

Chinese noodle soup with eggs, pork and veggies., it's one of the bigger portion choices on the menu, it was meant for sharing, it tasted very very bad, we didn't know what kind of food was that.... Definitely not Chinese! 

Traditional ShuMai: 6 tiny pieces with some gold stuffs on top of each one. They looked fancy but tasted disgusting.....I think they dipped all of those in soy sauce and dried them up....Extremely salty....

Chicken Ji song: 4 tiny chicken lettuce wraps with fried potatoes on the top, they were OK 

Mexican grilled chicken taco: I don't think I have ever had a taco that tasted so bad, most disgusting flavor ever! They put some sort of salty Chinese sauce or paste with green onions on top, those things just don't mix! Think chef confused it with a traditional Chinese wrap dish. 

If we weren't super hungry, I don't think we could have had even swallowed the food, they were soooo bad! Honestly it's a shame to a celebrity chef, Jose should've just sticked to Spanish tapas, forget about Chinese and Mexican food! I think this 2 kinds of food are the more original the better, don't play with them.....

Worst food we'v ever had, but the service was great! Our waitress was super attentive and friendly. The decor is so cute, very trendy, the pictures on the wall change every few minutes, it was fun to look at them. 

I am pretty sure we weren't the only ones who hated the food. Saw some ppl sat down n looked at the menu for 5 minutes and left! Smart.... Just saying..... Will never go back !!!