If you've ever experienced terrible service, you know the irritable feeling that builds and builds as you sit for 20 minutes and watch the tables around you being seated and waited on until you're finally "greeted" by a surly waitress rushing you to order after she finally decides to waddle her way to your table.  

I had some high expectations for the place because I'd heard everyone rave on about it, so I was patient and enjoyed the cheese crisp appetizer that came 15 minutes after ordering it while the table of three directly across from my duet table enjoyed the meal they ordered after they sat down 15 minutes behind us.
 
As the clock made it's way to the 45 minute mark, and all the ice in the water pitcher they gave us had long-since melted, my friend laid out her ultimatum, "if she doesn't come out with the food the next time she comes out of that kitchen, we're leaving".  Even though I was dying to try the fajitas, I was all on board since the cheese crisp had already settled in my stomach. 

Apparently I was meant to have fajitas that day because I heard that distant sizzling that whispers "yourrrr fajittasssss arrrrre coooommiiiinnnnggg" get louder and louder until a stranger popped in front of us like a ray of sunshine over our gloom.  Quite the contrast from our waitress, that was clearly deciding to indulge in her mid-life crisis during the Father's Day rush, he was exceptional.

I suppose she had already kissed her tip goodbye when she came to see if we needed anything a couple of minutes after we finally got our food (from someone else) and we asked for the check (since we didn't want to wait until closing to get it), because she was sure to impart upon us a sassy, "I will if you'll give me a minute".  

NEVER in my life have I complained at a restaurant and I would have taken it all with a grain of salt if she hadn't used the tone she used when we asked for the check, but that was too much.  On top of that, she began rushing us out of the booth once she placed the bills in front of us.  "Would like some to-go cups?"  I know the server-vernacular you fossil fuel. 

We flagged down a bus boy to send a manger our way and he was polite enough to give us a discount (of course it was the principle of the whole situation at that point).  She avoided us like the plague before, but when she saw that manager hovering over us, she was suddenly Gladys Kravitz. 

After paying our discounted bill, we found the bus boy who had basically done our waitress' job and gave him a very generous tip, leaving her nothing.  Another first in my life, but well-deserved, and I flew out of there in hopes to avoid the already awkward situation of the restaurant-complaint.

Had the food not been delicious, I would've given this place 1 star and had the service not been atrocious, I would have given it 4 stars.   I'd recommend the restaurant, but not this particular location, especially if there is any sort of holiday, or the scent of any sales going on in the area.