I recently had dinner at Cocomos and wasn't exactly disappointed, but I wasn't really pleased, either. I like the atmosphere of the restaurant and decor, but the food was lacking. It seems like I remember it being much better in the past, but now it's completely forgettable. 

We had the Nachos as an appetizer, which were good - how do you mess up nachos? I had the coconut shrimp, which was overcooked. The dipping sauce was supposed to be guacamole based, but it tasted mostly like sour cream so I skipped it. The veggies as the side order came out colder than the rest of the food, and were limp and mushy. The seasoning was overbearing, as all the flavor had been cooked out of the vegetables. One person had the cheeseburger, which they said was delicious, loaded with greens, and cooked perfectly to her order. Another person had the fish and chips, and the fish was over cooked and chewy. Both of them raved about the french fries. Another person had the catfish, which was over salted. It was served with rice, and for some reason I guess we were expecting white rice - but it came out with Mexican style fried rice - which just threw us off, I suppose. The menu just said "rice," though, so who knows. She had the same complaint about the veggies as I did. The last person order the Enchiladas Two Ways, which actually comes with three enchiladas. He said they were okay but nothing very special. 

It seems like they've trimmed their menu as I remember more items in the past - and they were delicious. Maybe they are focusing more on "bar food" type items, which is fine, but even those weren't executed very well. We all left full, but not satisfied. The service was mediocre...she was pleasant, but did the bare minimum to get by. The place wasn't that busy so I'm surprised she wasn't a little more attentive. 

I've been there later at night when it's a bar scene, and it's fine. Once again, nothing special. I've always seen a vast mix of different types of people there later at night - it always makes things interesting. There are plenty of places to eat that offer better food and service though - even if you're just looking for bar fare.