So we decided to try out the new El Toro since I had a coupon, and they were open decently late on a Saturday (11 pm).  The first thing a little odd about the place is that their are 2 entrances, but only 1 is really an entrance; the other you have to walk through the bar area to get to the other entrance to be seated (why not just have 1 entrance then?). 

The ambiance of the place is pretty nice.  It's not your stereotypical mexican restaurant, the decor is a lot nicer/classier. Unfortunately, they weren't playing mexican tunes, and instead we got the likes of Miley Cyrus's Party in the USA and Justin Bieber's (OMG!!!) Baby; not really what I'd expect/want to hear in a mexican restaurant. 

The menu is typical mexican fare; the only thing that annoyed me here was lack of pricing on the drink menu.  The margaritas are fresh blended, which can be a little annoying sitting close to the bar, and margaritas prepared this way tend to be a lot more liquid than frozen.  The medium size was on sale for a still expensive ~7 dollars.  The strength was about average, nothing too impressive.  

So my biggest complaint is the waitress. We were seated right by 2 other tables that she also had, so she walked by us every couple of minutes, but seemed completely oblivious to us.  We had all ordered water at the start, and we were all out of water well before the time our margaritas came. She didn't notice.  Not even when she brought our margaritas did she care to ask if we wanted refills.  Finally, when she did another pass, I asked for a water refill; she only grabbed my glass and refilled it (even though everybody else at the table was also empty).  So, when she came back, another person at our table asked for a refill. Not getting the hint, she then just grabbed his glass and didn't think to ask anybody else if they wanted refills, luckily the other person at the table spoke up asking for a refill (as a waitress you really should be checking these things).  

Same thing happened with Chips and Salsa; we were empty for the longest time, and only once we asked did we receive some more... unfortunately it must've been the bottom of the bag/basket since they were pretty much all crushed.  On the plus side, their salsa is definitely the best we've had in the C-U area... the chips weren't quite as good.  

And if this wasn't enough, we also had an issue with our food order.  One of the guys at our table ordered 3 enchiladas a la carte.  When our order arrived, he only had 1 enchilada.  We asked the waitress about it, and she claimed that she thought he had only ordered 1 enchilada.  But, when she brings us the check, she clearly wrote (and tried to charge us) for the 3 enchiladas.  Surely, you would check something like this before delivering the bill (or when sending the food order to the kitchen).  Also, despite the fact that we were clearly 3 unrelated people, there was no offer to split the check.  

I guess I'm giving it 2 stars simply because the food was decent, and this one waitress is hopefully not a reflection of the rest of the wait staff.