El sol bakery is one of those places that everyone says "You have to go there" or "OMG....it is so good."  So over the past 5 years I have gone there 3 times.  Each time swearing that I would not go back for any reason, then like every victim of abuse I find myself going back to the same place that has hurt me so many times before, thinking "This time will be different."  and "Maybe it was my fault, if only I was a better customer.". 

The food here is good.  I have always liked the food, once I have gotten it.  But there in lies the problem with El Sol Bakery. Every time I have gone in to place an order for take out, it has taken over 1/2 hour for them to get the food to me.  Have you ever had to sit there and look like a dope waiting for your take out order?  Well if you haven't, let me give you brief snipet/summary of the conversation that played out in my head, wit my self.

10 minutes after ordering:
Man...this is taking a while....
Can't rush good food... heh...
Hmmm... lets look at my phone.

15 minutes after:
Boring...
Hey! how in the fuck did that guy get his food, he just walked in.
I am so hungry.
Really?  That lady came in like a full ten minutes after me....This is horse shit.
I did order didnt ?

20 minutes:
Am I losing my mind? 
Did they forget about me?
Should I be a dick and say something?

25 minutes:
Berrber grrrrmmmdrib!
Really?
What the Fuck?
She knows I am here, she just looked at me.
Thats it. I need to say something.

30 minutes:
GOD MOTHER FUCKING DAMMIT!!! I AM LOSING MY MIND!
All I wanted was a Burrito. That is it. A simple little burrito.
I did order didnt I? Did I already say that? Hmm...what was the answer?
Well did I?
I have been here all morning.  It is going to start looking like I like to hang out here.
That is it. I am going to burn this dump to the ground.  That'll teach em. 
I am not even hungry any more.

And then sometime beyond 35 minutes, she brings over my order and I like the dope that I am just smile and say "Thank you" and walk out.  Why do I take such a beating over a stupid food item?  Why don't I ever say something?  Why do I go back knowing that these people are going to systemically push me over the edge?  Why does it take over a half hour to make a burrito?  Really it is not worth it.