On the verge of just giving one star I, I figured on 2 only because I enjoyed the cool open interior of the main restaurant. As far as the food. That is one star. 
While having just stopped in at the Ranch Market to pick up a few groceries, I was going to eat at the Market itself but decided to maybe try a place I had never tried near by instead. As I took my groceries to the car, I decided that since I had not yet tried "Tradiciones" I would give them a try. 
I enjoy the food at the Ranch Market-- tasty and authentic.  Since they are connected I THOUGHT the food would be the same. Boy was I wrong!  I don't know who they have cooking here, but with all the great stuff they have next door it should be A LOT better. 
The salsa should have been the first clue...it was just ok.  Again, knowing what they make in house next door, made this salsa pretty sad.  Wanting an Agua Fresca to drink and again knowing next door had like 7+ varieties, I was disappointed they only had horchata and pina here. I got the pina, which was probably the best part of this meal. 
I was really craving some tacos, and noticed they only really offered them under the appetizer menu as street tacos. Also wanting to have a sopito, I thought WTH I will get the sampler platter and add a taco. 

The platter came with 2 mini chimis, 2 mini taquitos, 2 mini cheese enchiladas and a soptio each of chicken and beef. All looked good when it came out. I enjoyed the taco first...the last thing I was to enjoy on this culinary outing. Then, digging into the chicken enchiladas, the sauce was a "mole". This was not a good mole...way too sweet, someones idea of a mole. Yes, just because a mole has chocolate doesn't mean it's a chocolate sauce.  And the chicken, stringy bland kinda tough. Everything followed suit, bland not very authentic, someones idea of mexican food. It all reminded me of something I would get if in the Mid-west somewhere and wanted Mexican food...not Arizona! 

The only saving grace to this meal was that it was happy hour on a Saturday and the platter was 1/2 off and the taco was a buck so I left paying only $9 instead of $15. 

While I will continue to eat at the Market....I will pass on TRADICIONES...*blegh*.