Every experience I've had at this place up until today  (7/30/15 @ 1:10pm) has been stellar.  Even today, the food was great, but my experience was ruined by a member of the staff.

Usually when I come in I'm dressed pretty normal, but today I happened to be in uniform complete with a couple of arm patches and a badge.  Keep in mind this place is tiny, and due to my attire, I stuck out like a sore thumb.  

When I came in a seat immediately opened up at the main bar and I sat down, patiently waiting for the female server.  She took one look at me then walked to the other side of the restaurant and began to serve the group of 4 that walked in after me.  At the time I figured it was no big deal and she would get to me soon enough.  She then proceeded to take more orders of people who had walked in sometime after me, periodically glancing over at me, seemingly to gauge my level of irritation.  At one point she managed to actually speak to me and said "I'll take your order when I'm finished with all of them" and gestured toward the long line of people that literally ran the whole length of the restaurant, all of which came in after I did.  Only after every single other person in the restaurant was taken care of, regardless of the order in which they arrived, did she begrudgingly come over to ask me for my order.

If you reference my original review you can see I really held this place in high regard, but not with employees like this, who purposefully and blatantly mistreat their customers for no good reason whatsoever.  

I would like to clarify that the other employee present, the cook, was in no way responsible for this negative experience.  He was busy putting out great food the whole time and was oblivious to the situation happening just behind him.  I would also like to say that I am certain that this whole incident wasn't just an honest mistake on the part of the female server.  She made it blatantly clear what message she was sending.

Without this employee this restaurant is solidly 5 stars.  With her, they are unfortunately not worth my time.