Let me preface this by saying I did not choose to come here, but it was my coworkers choice and I was immediately skeptical as anything with "House" in it concerns me - i.e. International HOUSE of Pancakes, Waffle HOUSE, nonetheless I tried to keep an open mind. 

We were there for lunch at around noon. There was one other person in the restaurant. 

Food: If you come here expect to eat Fajitas, which by the name could be expected, they have a few other selections, the normal Tex-Mex appetizers, burgers and chicken, but the majority of the menu is Fajitas. I had the steak fajitas, decent lunch portion that came with two corn tortillas, rice, beans, a minuscule amount of guacamole and sour cream and a decent lunch amount of steak mixed with sauteed onions and green peppers. The meat was a seasoned skirt steak, unfortunately it was over cooked and grisly. The seasoning had a lot of black pepper that overwhelmed the dish. The rice was okay but by no means a flavorful Spanish rice, think the Rice O Roni equivalent to Mexican rice. The corn tortillas definitely store bought, and not at a decent Mexican market but more of the Albertson's store bought type. They did bring chips and salsa, the chips were decent and it came with a very mild green salsa, I asked for a hotter salsa and they brought me a mild chipotle salsa which had NO heat but good flavor. I added Cholula. 

The big plus to me is that they had fresh brewed iced tea. 

I would have probably given this 1 1/2 star based on food but I appreciated the good service. The waitress came around numerous times and refilled my iced teas without complaining, I love ice tea and at some point some waitresses will say "wow you are thirsty today" or worse they will stop coming around - the waitress here did neither. She was pleasant and accommodating. 

Also, they had a two for one fajita special with the purchase of two drinks. Drinks are $2 and the steak fajitas were $9. It was reasonable overall and although I hope that they improve there food, I certainly wish them the best of luck as they are clearly a small business. However, unless the food changes drastically I will not be back.