Let me start by saying my family has been eating at Nando's for quite a few years.  We've visited both the Gilbert and East Mesa locations and seem to have the worst service experiences at the Gilbert restaurant.  We really enjoy the food, though they do occasionally have an off night where the entrees aren't hot enough or some other faux pas, like forgotten items, wrong orders etc.
We visited the Gilbert location this afternoon for an early dinner and as usual the place was busy.  Not packed...but filling up.
We were seated immediately by the Hostess and the server that brings chips and salsa arrived shortly thereafter.  Pleasant and courteous as usual.
Here is where the wheels fell off.  The server for that particular area was nowhere to be found and the section was quite full.  We noticed several tables in some state of waiting, for their meals, drink refills, paying the check, etc.  The mental time clock started at that point.  There was a table of 3 seated across from us and had been there long enough to eat a good amount of chips...although they had no drinks other than the water pitcher that resides on every table.  Clearly they had been seated for some time.  We waited no less than 10 minutes before we saw our server for the very first time.  He greeted us and informed us he'd "be right back".  
He attended to his other guests and was looked upon like a long lost relative who hadn't been heard from for years.
While we waited, another table of 2 was seated next to us and received their chips and salsa quickly.  Another 5 minutes passed and the server showed up to take drink/dinner orders from us first.  We informed him the table across from us had been waiting much longer than we had and he should help them first, which he did.  He then attended to us and then the table of 2 next to us.  Keep in mind these folks had only just arrived minutes earlier.
Ultimately, all orders were taken.  Can you guess which table was served their food first...that's right...the table of 2 that had been waiting the shortest amount of time.  The table of 3 was next...we, unfortunately came in dead last when our food arrived 5 minutes later.  
To give you and idea of how much time passed from being seated to actually seeing a plate of food in front of us...50 minutes!  Entirely too long for Mexican food of any quality.
We are strongly considering this visit to be our last.  An unfortunate situation that could easily be remedied by proper training and communication among the staff.