We had high hopes.  A restaurant just down the road that serves both Italian (DH's fave) and Mexican (mine) and is in the cool, funky space that used to be occupied by Carefree Station? Very cool.

Just to set the stage, DH and I were starving after a busy day and we decided to eat early (for us).  We got to Guido Garcia's just before seven.  We were seated in the outdoor patio area---as cute and comfy as when it was CS.  DH was facing toward the kitchen/bar, I was facing out at the patio and the other tables---four of which were occupied, so we made five.  Interestingly, there was a problem at a table near us---one of the customers was complaining.  Her voice was low and I couldn't hear the exact nature of the complaint, but the server's voice was higher pitch and she was apologizing up and down for something.  Anyhow...

We only got one dish---the bruschetta.  It was great.  A little under-seasoned, but I actually prefer to salt my food to taste, because some chefs go waaay over board.  Baguette it was served on had a great flavor.  I would totally order it again.

Probably our first mistake was not ordering appetizer and entree at once, but DH can't stand when our meal shows up before we finished our entree.  We ordered the bruschetta as our starter.  It took about twenty minutes to arrive...we were enjoying our wine and the beautiful evening, but we were pretty hungry and we were just starting to get impatient when the runner brought it out.  Like I said, it was really good, but basically, bruschetta is a pre-prepared tomato topping on toasted bread.  Nearly twenty minutes?  So we wanted to order our meals right away, but we had to wait for our server to come back.  DH said it looked like he was serving drinks behind the bar.  Anyhow, we were done with our appy and our wine when he reappeared to take our order.  I ordered the pork belly tacos and DH ordered the prime rib tacos---I was kind of surprised he didn't go for the Italian, but DH said they sounded good.  And the menu descriptions did make them sound great.  And yes, I am looking at my watch now!  It was about 8 pm.

But we didn't get to try them because after thirty-five minutes of waiting for our meals, we paid our bill and walked out.  This was when the server came out and told us it was going to be a longer, the kitchen was really backed up.  Seriously?  Facing the kitchen/bar, DH had already commented it just looked like a bunch of servers milling around or feeding drinks to three people at the bar and that a guy we assume is an owner or manager was emptying the dishwasher of glasses.  He didn't see any food coming out of the kitchen.  I looked past him at the patio and said that explained why no one had food on their tables.  So when our server said it was going to be longer---well.  DH suggested we just go over to DQ and grab a chicken sandwich---I mean, at this point, despite the tasty bruschetta, we were ready to chew on the palm tree next to our table.  (Actually, we ended up going across the street to another dining establishment).

So here's my thoughts.  Guido Garcia's front and back of house management really needs to pick it up.  The owner/manager should have been out in the dining area smiling and apologizing and just "hosting" instead of hiding in the bar area with a rack of glasses.  That would have gone a long way if somebody with a smile had come out and said, "Folks, I am sorry things are a bit slow, we are still getting it together and we appreciate your patience."  Instead, I felt like a rack of clean glasses was more important than we were.  And someone needs to get the kitchen organized.  Nothing that DH and I ordered was not mostly of components that were not already chopped or prepped.  Who's leading the kitchen?  Look at the place across the street from GG's---Carefree-Cave Creek is ready to embrace new restaurants, but you got to meet our expectations.  Good food served hot and within a reasonable amount of time.

This hopefully is just growing pains and they will get it together, and we'll probably try GG's in a few months.  If service hasn't improved, then I don't know if they are going to make it, and that would be sad, because you can see the potential.