2 pennies in my burrito!!! I thought the night of Thursday Oct 27 was gonna be a quiet night. It was 8pm and I was heading to a friend's house for a little pumpkin carving action. I was hungry and started thinking about the local places I could stop by. A burrito was decided on due to it's deliciousness and ease of eating while driving. Julioberto's was close by and besides being in my mind, Filiberto's evil twin's place, it had served me well in the past with quick, quasi-authentic, delicious mexican food. 

I there and I order the carne asada burrito, that's it. No sides, no off-brand can of soda, nothing else. Just a carne asada burrito through the drive through. I drive off, hungrily unwrapping my burrito. 5 minutes later I'm to the lower third of my burrito, strategically trying to eat more of the innards pf the burrito than the tortilla to avoid the dreaded phenomenon of a burrito becoming more stuffed and busting through it's tortilla wrapping near the end. The next bite surprised me. I felt something hard and metallic. After a careful inspection I find a shiny penny in my burrito. Come on Juilo! A penny, I'm not even a clean freak. Hell if I would have gotten a quarter I'd probably have been excited. So embarrassingly enough I keep eating the burrito. I mean, honest mistake right? Like I said, I'm not a clean freak and probably trust in my immune system probably way too much. A few bites later it happens again. Another penny and this time it's kinda gross looking. Don't worry, this time I quit eating my burrito.

Ok how does a penny get in a burrito? Are their no cash registers there. Do you have the burrito maker carrying all the change? And how does a penny, no 2 pennies, start wherever they are, end up in a burrito. This is the thing that probably bother me the most. The logistics of this whole deal. Anyways. Julio and Berto, I love your restaurant and will probably eat there again, which is adding a star for you. But come on, at least give me some quarters next time.