I was really excited that Texicali moved into this restaurant space and was looking forward to an excellent dinner before going to the comedy club which shares the space downstairs.  I made a reservation on OpenTable to make sure we got seated in time to eat and go see the show.  We arrived Saturday night, and found it dead inside.  Well, we didn't have any trouble getting our table, that's for sure.

I liked what they had done with the interior of the restaurant, giving it a more modern Mexican/Tex-Mex feel with its "Day of the Dead" decor.  

We ordered a couple of expensive Coronas while we sat underneath an air vent and fan that must have been turned up to "maximum frigidity."    We perused the menu and noticed that there wasn't a lot on it, and what there was seemed a bit pricey.   You don't even get free chips & salsa, so we ordered the guacamole to start.   It was decent, but was barely an appetizer.  More like an appeteaser.  
 
For my entree, I ordered the Chicken Tinga burrito.  It came on a plate...with nothing else.  And it was one of the smallest, tightly rolled burritos I've ever seen (think the kid-size version at Moe's, Qdoba, or Chipotle).  The flavor was just ok.  I expected more for the price, its uniqueness, and its size.  I ate it with a fork and knife...and was still a tad hungry.  Since it was our "date night" and hadn't already filled up on much, we split the Tres Leche cake for dessert, too.  It, too, was ok, but I've had better, moister, and more flavorful Tres Leche cakes.  

All in all, everything was just "ok."  I can't really say much more than that.  But I can tell anyone to not think of Texicali as any other Mexican or Tex-Mex restaurant where you get a lot of food.  

Would we return?  Without hesitation, no.  While the atmosphere is nice (overlooking the A/C problem), you don't get enough in return for what you pay for.  I'd eat somewhere else outside of the NC Music Factory prior to going to the comedy club again.  

A note to Texicali:  look at your customer base.  You are based at the NC Music Factory where the primary customers are 20-somethings who do not have a lot of extra cash and have high metabolisms.  They're not interested in a dainty, expensive meal.  They want a lot of food and cheap drink specials.   You could have been something great, but you blew it by trying to appeal to an upscale clientele that you're just not going to get.