The ONLY reason this place gets stars is for the atmosphere. The restaurant itself is really nice, but that's where the positive review ends. The manager frequently answers these Yelp reviews, which I commend, by saying bad customer service is not the norm. Somehow I doubt that very much. There were extremely long lags between ordering drinks, putting in our food order and finally getting our entrees. Yes, they were busy, but that is not an excuse for slow or poor service. The waitresses were less than enthusiatic. They seemed just BLAH. 

Now for the food. After waiting 45 minutes just for the appetizer, finally it came. It was some kind of play on surf (steak)  and turf (shrimp). The steak had good flavor and was cooked nicely, but you could tell it was a cheaper cut. It was SO fatty! The shrimp was just OK. Nothing I'd write to mom about. After that we probably waited another 10 minutes for the main dish. That means it took AN HOUR for our food to arrive. But I digress... I ordered the chicken fajitas. The chicken was so dry and so fatty, it was barely edible. I think they used dark meat and that's why it was on the fatty side. The tiny tortillas make it impossible to really fit much inside of them. Why even bother? The dish does not come with any accompaniments, like sour cream or cheese, like other restaurants offer. No, here they charge you extra for an entree that is already $12. Why not just include the cheese and sour cream and charge $14? That way your customers feel like they're getting their money's worth, because most of the dish was peppers and onions. If the chicken were actually good, I'd want more. The guacamole I paid extra for was bland and looked like it had been made using a mortar and pestil. It was not well incorporated. 

Oh, and the chips and salsa! I forgot. The 'salsa' is very watery and had a rather weird after taste. And I didn't like that it was served hot, either. It was like they pulverized peppers and tomatoes together in a food processor and forgot to add seasoning. Extremely bland. 

Now, how anyone can say this is the best Mexican food they've ever had, must have left their taste buds at home, but I guess to each their own, right? I really had high hopes for Lanero, but after this experience, I won't be back. For what they charge and the quality and value you get for the money, you're better off going to Chipotle where paying extra for guacamole is worth it.