I hate to kill all the 5 star reviews, but I have to!  This place was meh and I will tell you why............

Came here a few weeks back because I was craving some carne asada.  According to these Yelp reviews, this asada was legit.  I drove on down because I had to find out.

I walked inside and the place was empty.  A dude was sitting behind the register and I saw a ladies head in the back kitchen area.  I scoped out the menu for a bit and decided to go with a Fuego Taco and a Carne Asada burrito with no beans.  My total was right around $10.00.  I paid the man my money and then I took a seat.  Here is where it kind of went South...........

I was sitting there waiting for my food and I saw the lady cook in the back straight up wipe her nose with her forearm.  I probably should have bounced right then and there and gotten my money back and gone somewhere else.  I decided that it wasn't a total deal breaker (I've been to taco carts all over the place where sanitary conditions are questionable.  I have never gotten sick before and my stomach is pretty solid.) and decided to eat what I had ordered.  I stocked up on some salsas and took my food to go.  I drove back to work and dug in.  Here is how everything was...................

Fuego Taco-  This thing looked solid.  It was a small open faced taco with carne asada, green chilis, and melted mozzarella cheese (interesting choice of cheese).  I folded it up and took a bite.  I was pretty impressed.  The carne asada had a great smoky flavor and the chilis added some bite.  The cheese was melted nicely and the tortilla was nice and soft.  The main component in this was that the carne asada had no gristle in it.  I wish I could say the same about my next item..............

Carne Asada Burrito-  I got this burrito without the beans that usually come with it.  This thing had carne asada and cheese and that's it.  The size of the thing was decent but right when I bit in, I knew it wasn't going to be good.  First bite in, I got an unchewable piece of gristle.  Nasty!  I also noticed that the cheese they use is mozzarella.  If it was melted it would have been decent.  This was straight up cold shredded mozzarella.  The layering of the burrito was all wrong too.  All the meat was on one side, the cheese on the other.  I took a few more bites and got more gristle.  Not sure how you can have a very good taco, but a horrible burrito all from the same place.  After awhile, I was picking through the burrito to find "good" pieces of meat.  I picked out all the cheese and tried to make the best of it.  I wound up wasting about 2/3rds of the burrito.  Super bummer.  Way too much gristle in this burrito and even the "good bites" weren't that great.

Sadly, I will never come back.  It had potential and the taco was actually really good.  The burrito was horrible though and the wipe of the nose pretty much made me not want to come back anytime soon.  My quest for good carne asada in Phoenix continues.......