I wanted to like Chinita so badly, but just couldn't do it.  I live right around the corner and when I saw the signage going up I initially thought they were going for a Mexican/Chinese concept, similar to Chino Bandito in Phoenix (which btw is amazing if you're ever down in that area).  Hmmm maybe they should have gone that direction.

I arrived about 6 on a Friday night to a half way full restaurant with about three other groups waiting to be seated.  There were plenty of open tables, but for whatever reason we waited 15-20 minutes before being seated.  I understand not wanting to overwhelm the kitchen with the 6pm rush, but seeing all of the open tables while we waited definitely didn't help.

The waiter was very attentive and overall provided very good service.  Chips and salsa were brought to the table pretty quickly and we dove in immediately,  Unfortunately, the salsa was very bland and tasted like it came out of a jar (La Victoria sounds about right).  I asked for something spicier and the waiter brought out something that was even worse.  My dinner date and I opted for the fish tacos and the chimichanga (traditional American Mexican of course).  The fish tacos were pretty good overall, but I couldn't get past the rice and beans.  They were terrible!  Again, the beans tasted like they came out of a can and the rice was very bland.  For a Mexican restaurant, the rice and beans should be your bread and butter, but not here.  The chimichanga was decent, but you could certainly find a better one a Roberto's or other similar places.  To top it all off, the prices were a bit steep in my opinion.  Fish tacos and a chimichanga without drinks just about used up my $30 groupon. :(

The only things saving this restaurant were our server and the decor.  Inside, the place was very nicely decorated and had a good feel to it.  Too bad the food didn't live up to these things.  I would probably try again in the future if the menu was revamped.  Seeing as how they just opened, I don't think it's too late, but until then I'm staying away.