We stopped here for supper after a friend recommended this as she's been there before, Im actually visiting from the north east so not familiar with this place at all. I'm hoping my experience tonight was a fluke.....

Let's start with the decor its almost typical, really bright pastel colors, older building. It actually looked like it was going to be fun. We told the hostess we were in for dinner and she asked if we wanted to sit upstairs or down, I didn't know it was two different areas etc. She said there were Tvs upstairs and we could seat ourselves or if we wanted to be seated to sit downstairs, we sat downstairs and that was probably our mistake. The odd thing with the decor is the loft of creepy animals... Hippos, giraffes, zebras etc.. Looked more like an African Safari than a Mexican joint... 

The server came over realized she forgot her pen, or someone stole it so she would  be back.. We got a story on how many pens she goes through etc, it was mildly amusing actually. She failed to come back for a bit. We looked up and she was dropping off checks etc. Finally got a beverage and chips and she disappeared again. It was slightly busy so we were understanding for a bit. The manager walked through the dining room looking at the floor instead of the tables so we couldn't even grab him to say we hadn't ordered yet.

Another 5-10 minutes our server noticed us and ran over and wouldn't ya know she still didn't have a pen and couldn't take our order, she went to get a pen or so we thought. We were all slightly annoyed but understanding since the party of 9 behind asked for separate checks. 

We finally asked if she was going to take our order and the server actually got another server to wait on us and she said, I won't be able to give you good service so she passed us off to the new server who was definitely a lot better but at this point it's already been a while.

We placed our order and food was out in minutes, my soup had a huge chicken breast in it which was great had I been able to get it on the spoon lol. See pic. It was like half the cup, it was really tasty though so I was pretty stoked. I had the stuffed pablano, which was awesome. My friends had the shrimp chi I which were also awesome.

End of the day the food was good but customer service kinda sucked. I'd go back next time I'm in AZ to give it another shot because of the food