My husband and I go to Chipotle at least once a week for their grilled steak salad.  For us it is a satisfying meal, especially if you ask for extra lettuce.   Here's the problem with this particular Chipotle location and if it happened just once or twice, I wouldn't say anything but it is EVERY SINGLE TIME.   There are very few ingredients to manage, a few meats, a few bean choices, two rice choices, fajita, and a few toppings.  Every time we go there they are behind on keeping up with refilling their trays.  So, you get started making a salad and they are almost done and bingo - sorry, they are out of steak or sorry we are out of fajita.  Or sorry - we are out of dressing we will make some.  True they always say, no worries it's on the way, and you wait and wait while your salad gets cold and soggy.  (It's supposed to be a warm salad).  This time, they were out of fajita and they just pushed our salads aside and said the fajita would be right up.  That was odd because there was literally no one in the cooking station behind them and certainly no fajita being fried up.  When I mentioned it to the server, she looked at me sort of annoyed and went back herself to start making it.  I just said "look" at this point you really need to remake the salads because they are ruined.  So after she finally came out with fajita (barely cooked), she willing remade the salads.  Fine.  Now it's time to go through the salsa, sour cream, etc. section as you make your way to the cash register.   My husband said, salsa, corn and light sour cream.  So what happened?  The server put a huge ladel full of sour cream on top of his salad.   My husband said, why did you do that?  I said "light" sour cream.   We asked for the manager.  Trouble was, the kid that made the sour cream error was the manager!   They offered to remake our salads and we just walked out.  They don't listen, they don't stay on top of keeping their ingredients filled.  They weren't understaffed either.   It's just this location.  We went to another Chipotle in Mesa and it was just fine.  Everyone listened to the customer.  They didn't rush you.  Heck the Gilbert location wasn't even crowded so you can't say, the kids were stressed.  They just don't listen and push you through the line too quickly.  The whole point of this place is supposed to be the ability to customize your meal.  Oh - and by the way, most of the Chipotle locations we go to keep their A/C turned down way too low.   Big waste of energy and most of the people I know who go here agree!