My wife and I went to Cilantro on a Saturday night in late February and had reservations for 7:30.  We arrived and the restaurant was packed but our table was waiting for us.  The waitstaff was friendly and attentive.   The cilantro mango margaritas were excellent.

Unfortunately those were the biggest pros.   The entrance is small and cramped with a very generic and cheesy tiki bar layout.  It was more fit for a run of the mill chain Mexican restaurant, not an "upscale"  Mexican restaurant, which we expected for the price of the food/drinks.  The dinning room was also not up to par.  The high ceilings and overbearing light made you feel like you were on display for the entire restaurant.  The tables were also way too close together, it was tough to back out without hitting another table's chair.  There was a small "private" area near the back that was dimly lit in a way that felt more like a Mexican dinning experience, however there was only one large table in that area.  

We ordered the Tortas de Cangrejo (two crab cakes $10) appetizer to get things rolling.  They were okay, 3/5 stars, a bit dry but pretty good flavor and size for the price.  The creamy chipotle sauce was the best part of the dish, which turned out to be the common denominator of the evening.  

For our main dishes, I ordered the Carne Asada a la Tampiquena (beef tenderloin seasoned with red chile rub, black beans, guacamole, grilled cactus and two mole enchiladas $24).   I would give this dish a 2/5 stars, if not for the guacamole and mole enchiladas it would get a 0/5 stars.  The "beef tenderloin" tasted, felt and looked more like a flank steak than a tenderloin.  It was overcooked, flat, tough, chewy and for the most part flavorless.  The beans were overcooked (mushy) and also flavorless, they appeared to be taken straight out of a pot of boiling water with no seasoning added.  The guacamole was fresh with just a hint of spice, it came across vibrantly.  The mole on the enchiladas was once again the best part of the dish, it was dark, thick, rich and sweet without being over powering.  The dish was way over priced for a flavorless flank steak.

My wife ordered the Chile Relleno Vegetariano (Roasted and peeled poblano pepper filled with sauteed vegetables, hominy corn and topped with a creamy cilantro sauce, served with two cheese enchiladas $15), 2/5 stars, again without the sauce, 1/5 stars.  The vegetables were flavorless and mushy, they seemed to be taken out of the same pot of water as the beans and thrown in the roasted pepper, no seasoning added.  The creamy cilantro sauce was tops though.  It was rich and creamy with a bite provided by the cilantro but it did not dominate the dish.  It was good enough that I had to steal some.  

Overall, the food was overpriced, overcooked and under seasoned.  The quality of the meat was below par however the sauces were fantastic.  The atmosphere was unappealing but the waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  Unless they make major changes to their cooking and layout we would not recommend spending the money.