Now if you knew me well, you would know that I'm not the biggest fan of Mexican food.  I actually consider this food one of my least favorite in the world.  Once in a while, though, I can appreciate the occasion guacamole, quesadilla and of course, NACHOS, especially when there's a beer in my hand.  Today, we came to Amigo's after a fun bingo session at the Fiesta.  All of these festivities was to celebrate our coworker's birthday.  

When you arrive in this area, it gets a little confusing.  The one opening could be Amigo's restaurant, or the bar area, or even Fuego Steakhouse in the back.  It got confusing and would help if we were greeted, however, we weren't.  The 2 hostess at the stand waited till we said something before they helped us out.  We decided to sit at the bar so we could have a beer and a shot.  The overall place is dim and open, which overlooks the entire Fiesta casino floor.  This casino is smokey and run down, so it's hard to really enjoy the view and atmosphere.  

I don't know our server, however he was super slow.  It took him a long time to come to our table to drink us.  Plus he started off by taking half the table's drink order until I called him back as he walked away.  We got the bud light draft and jagger shot for a total of $5.  For the menu items, we decided to feed our table of 10 an array of appetizers.  For kicks, we told our server to bring one of each of every appetizer they had.  BIG MISTAKE if you're looking to have a light appetizer session and drinks.  

Let's start with table side guacamole for $8.99.  Our server said he was going to make half of the guac in the back and finish it off by the table which seemed sketchy but we went with it.  The guacamole actually tasted good!  Avocado, tomatoes, serrano chiles, red onions, cilantro, lime and homemade chips.  Lots of flavor and well balanced.  Next we had the Cholula Chicken wings for $7.99.  Hotter than normal hot wings.  Too tangy and sour for me, but your average chicken wing.  Next was the Cantina Nachos for $8.99.  These nachos had grilled chicken, refried beans, oaxacan and monterey jack cheese, tomatoes, olives, green onions and jalapenos.  It would be good if the cheese wasn't harder than normal.  The chips stuck together, so when you tried to grab one chip, you grab the entire bowl.  Next were the Camarones Del Cabo, or the bacon wrapped shrimp for $9.99.  This dish has monterey jack cheese and honey mustard sauce.  Really good for a change!  The next dish was Lettuce Wrap Tacos for $7.49.  Lettuce cups accompanied with an ala cart filled with grilled chicken, avocados, tomatoes, red bell peppers, sliced jalapeños, oaxacan and monterey jack cheese with a trio of salsas.  Last appetizer were the chimitaquitos for $7.49.  Just a fancy way of saying quesadilla if you ask me.  That's what it was.  Tortillas stuffed with green chile chicken or seasoned beef served with sour cream, guacamole and pico de gallo.  As if we didn't have enough food, our server brought both the chicken and beef.  Just your average quesadilla, nothing special.  

I will give it up.  We had a lot of food and it was super filling.  My thoughts were, thank goodness the meal was expensed through work.  I wouldn't be prone to shell up the money if I had the choice, but it was a good meal for the venue and situation.  Please don't take my word for it, go check it out and review it for yourself.