La Comida
Food in Spanish is Comida. Yep, they have food. Good thing they didn't name the place Excelente Comida...then you would have a case of false advertising. I really loved everything about this place but the food. The interior has an old world feel about it. One of my partners in crime said " boy, they sure spent a lot of money to make this place look old". The feel of the room is well appointed with oldish Mexican decorations and art. Nice job on the leather covered plastic lawn furniture I suppose. The music mix crosses musical genres, it's hip without being trendy even mashing some Hispanic influenced sounds with more predominately English sounds. I see mixed reviews with the service, we were very well taken care of on that front. Servers were excellent! Chips were decent and plentiful, salsa, while offering some complexity, sorely lacked heat. I was there with 2 other friends, got to sample their dishes as well as mine. Everything, and I mean everything was just OK. 8 bucks for an ear of street corn, kind of left me with the feeling of being corn cob fucked in the culo...and that was my favorite item of the day. $5+ dollars for a street taco..a bland one at that.  REALLY? One friend got some kind of (1/2 or 1/4 chicken dish that was nice...AND bland.  Listen, I don't mind dropping mas pesos for a meal, but if your not rockin' my world, then I won't be returning to yours.  At this price point, and only 1 short mile away, lies the delectable Mexican delights that is Mundo. A mile away in distance, but a world a part in flavor. Yes the name of this place is La Comida...and yes they DO have that--food. There are Wayyyyy too many REALLY GOOD Mexican mom and pop choices close by for me to waste my time here. I suspect La Comida will be a success. Plenty of folks are perfectly happy with dumbed downed Mexican fare in a well done atmosphere with $20 Margaritas. If just wanting food, I would rather walk 7 minutes to grab the excellent $1.50 pork on a spit street tacos from the little stand at LVB and Bonanza. See ya La Comida.