Again, my wife and I always like local, mom and pop places.  We try as often as we can to eat local. SUPPORT LOCAL we always say  Now on to the experience.
First off the server we had was amazing!  She was joking, laughing and talking with us and she really made the 40+ minute wait (that's right 40+ minute wait) for our food more tolerable. This place is small and I am sure the kitchen area is small as well, but a 40 minute wait for lunch?! The menu is not that large and most of the selections are whatever you want, chimichangas, tacos, etc with the choice of meats. The décor on the inside is very nice and looks somewhat upscale.  There were plenty of chips and salsa to be had and the waitress asked if we wanted hotter salsa which was really good.
Finally our food came.  It looked delicious.  I had the carnitas chimi and my wife had the pollo chimi.  Again when food finally arrived we were starving and dug right in.  My first bite of the chimi had a horrible burnt taste and I mean burnt.  The second bite was ok and the third revealed a large chunk of burnt, black and rock hard meat.  I literally spit it out back on my plate and pushed the plate aside.  I told my wife to not worry about it and that I would be ok.  The portions were large so my wife gave me half of her chimi.  The chicken was moist and tender and had great flavor.  My wife had about three bites left of hers when she spit out a bone that was inside the chimi.  I am not talking about a huge piece, it was about a 1/2 inch long, but was pointed on both ends and very sharp.  This could have easily caused a problem.  At that point we started laughing because we couldn't have purchased a break with our food choices that day.  We decided not to say anything about the bone, at that point (40+ minute wait, burnt meat inside my chimi and a door to the kitchen that every time someone walked through it, made this horrible thumping sound) it wasn't worth it to us.  While we were splitting my wife's lunch the manager came over and apologized and said that he would not charge us for the meal.  He then gave us a card for a free entrée, which I thought was great.  However, when we left my wife mentioned something about what he wrote on the top of the card.  I looked at the card and it said "disliked meal".  Why is it important to write that on top of the card?  If he wanted to write something he should have put "meal was burnt and "inedible".  I am not sure why, but this really chapped my backside.  Anyway, won't be back and if they don't figure out how to speed up the kitchen, mark my words, this place, just as the three or four before it, will go out of business.