Don't get the chicken suizas. 

The atmosphere was okay. Similar to every other casino. 

No one at this restaurant seems to have any time - everyone is running around like a chicken with their heads cut off even though the restaurant is half empty. Our waitress acted like she was on something...she spoke so fast, spoke OVER us, and reminded me of the white rabbit in Alice in Wonderland. Anyway. My husband ordered the fajitas and I ordered the chicken suizas. 

Our food came out FAST. Within 5 minutes of ordering...scary. When the fajitas came out I was revolted by the smell, the fajita mix wasn't sizzling...it was burning! Everything that was toward the bottom was burnt, but what was salvageable was actually very good. Now...the chicken suizas....Gross. The chicken was flavorless, the tortillas had like a chemical taste to it, the green sauce was good, the cheese was disgusting and the "sour cream" (I put that in quotations because I have never seen grainy sour cream) was absolutely dreadful. The rice was okay but I don't think it was cooked recently. Either that or they had mixed in the old with the new , as there were some pieces that were soft and others that were hard. It was all mexican rice and IT didn't have any flavor. What a shame!

The service was terrible. The only one that seemed to care AT ALL was the "server assistant"...some guy that actually looked like he wasn't on something...We received our check TWO MINUTES into our meal and the waitress said, "I'll be back later to talk about desserts!" And quickly scurried away before anyone could say anything. 

Who the hell gives you the entire bill, without even asking about desserts, IF you're going to offer it!? Doesn't that seem a little counterproductive? Also a WASTE of paper!?? It doesn't make ANY sense.

Okay, whatever...so...we all are finished with our meals and we wait.....and wait.....................and wait. Our server is no where to be seen. We have the money in the check, the "server's assistant" has already come and cleared the table...The waitress stops by and I ask her for a cup to take home some salsa, she runs into the kitchen and brings out a cup and completely forgets to grab the check! So we wait some more! I would say 10 minutes later she comes and grabs the checks and quickly runs away again....and we wait...AGAIN!!!! FIFTEEN minutes later, she comes back with change. 

She said she couldn't get change cause the bartender had to....um...what!? 


Anyway I know this review is really long but here's the jist...

1. Only get the fajitas
2. Stay away from the waitress who looks like she's the road runner
3. Expect to be there for at least an hour and a half.