Las Velas star rating (in my view) on a time line:
5:00 pm: 4 stars
5:15 pm: 4.5 stars
5:30 pm: 4 stars
6:00 pm: 3 stars
6:30 pm: still 3 stars
7:00 pm: 2 stars

Now some explanation.

5:00 pm: Parking kinda sucked, but eventually we were able to find some street parking.  On top of another restaurant in Market Square, the view is pretty decent since you can look down and people watch.

5:15 pm: The service is very friendly and attentive.  I got my frozen Margarita, which wasn't too bad (or too great).  With the big (32 oz?) alcoholic slush hitting my nearly empty tummy, I was REALLY starting to enjoy my time (hence 4.5 stars)

5:30 pm: The queso and guacamole arrive.  The queso is passable, and while the guacamole tasted OK, its consistency was too smooth and shiny for me. 

6:00 pm: Food arrives.  I got the steak fajitas, which were decent enough.  The marinade was actually pretty good, but it didn't blow my mind.  Unfortunately, it still comes with that shiny guacamole.  I tried my wife's chicken quesadilla and was sorely disappointed.  The quesadilla was very bland and the tortilla not very crisp.  All things considered, I was ready to give this place 3 stars, but still consider coming back.

6:30 pm: Having left the restaurant, I feel that all too familiar sensation...yes, you Tex-Mex foodies know what I'm talking about--the food baby.  You ate way too much and feel bloated, but you know it was probably worth it.  Did I feel like I needed a wheel barrow to move around at this point?  Yes.  Did I care?  No.  I'm used that.  I keep dreaming of a pocket wheel barrow that collapses into my back pocket so I can take it with me to Tex-Mex restaurants

7:00 pm:  While I'm used to the food baby, I'm not used to the food baby demon.  That normally comforting "full" sensation turned into an attack on my insides.  Demonic forces at work, destroying my sense of satisfaction... I was relieved to get to the safety and comfort of my home where I could cast out the demon food baby... Argh, another Mexican place in PGH off my list...it's pretty short now.