5 months ago I would have given this place 5 stars. I really loved the atmosphere (great decor and close to Gammage) and the food was great. I still love the chop salad-huge portions, great dressing and an interesting mix of ingredients. 

However, is there a new chef? New management? Not sure what changed. What happened to the Guacamole? I sent family members a text a few months ago raving about the Guac, but tonight it tasted like it was squeezed out of a plastic package and the salsa was really bland. Not worth the $8.50! No hot sauce available for the hubby who likes things spicy! 

Overall, the thing that turned me off the most tonight was the discrepancy between what is advertised on the website versus what is offered at the restaurant. The website advertised under "events" for May 27th that it was Walking Taco Wednesday's with Half Priced Wine. When we arrived tonight at 5:45pm (Wednesday) I confirmed with the server that wine was half off for happy hour 3-7pm. She said yes. When we ordered I confirmed with the server that street tacos were $2 she said "no" that the tacos were $2 yesterday on Tuesday. Even though I wasn't ordering tacos I inquired because other people in my party were ordering tacos. The discrepancy was only $1 per taco so I really didn't want to push the issue and cause tension among my group. When our food was delivered the server (bless her heart-she was sweet) said she talked to the manager and confirmed that the tacos were not $2 today and apologized. I told her it was fine but she may want to communicate to the managed that the website advertises differently and it should be changed so other patrons are not misled. At the end of the meal she took 15% off our Bill. Initially, I was grateful thinking this was due to the discrepancy issue, however, I recalled from my last meal there a few months ago, that they offer a discount to Gammage patrons that show their show tickets. 

Overall, I didn't feel I should press the issue with the server as she is just doing her job. But if I could offer any words of advice for the management, they should probably check out their website and update it. I left with a full tummy, but a slightly sour taste in my mouth in regards to how the place is managed.