Boy has Distrito gone downhill.  We had been there on two other occasions before our visit last night.  I was suprised to see that I hadn't written a review from our very first visit (which was almost 2 years ago now), because we had such an amazing dinner that time.  We had the Chef's tasting menu, recommended by our server and we were blown away!  I believe it was $50 a person and the food never stopped coming!  We had to have tried at least 10 different dishes from apps to salads to entrees.  We raved about or meal to everyone we knew.

Last night we were excited to have the chef's tasting menu again.  They now offer a 2 course for $45 or 3 course for $55.  We decided on the 2 course because based on the last time we figured we'd be full by dessert.  So, about 10 minutes later out come two dishes.  The small order of Esquites (corn salad) (which is on the menu for $6), and the Chilango Chop Salad ($9).  Both were really good, although the Esquites was really oily.  The corn was literally swimming in the mayo/butter sauce, but the flavor was good.  We purposefully didn't eat everything because we knew a lot more food was coming!  So they cleared the dishes away and about 10 minutes later two more plates came out.  A small piece of Carne Asada ($28) on a plate with a smear of refried beans and a little bowl of red rice on the side, and 3 mushroom tacos (not on the menu but $9 at the most).  So my first thought was that I don't care for mushrooms.  But the tacos were surprisingly good and didn't even taste like mushrooms!  Phew.  My second thought though was that these were entrees.  I started thinking "is this the last of it?"  We finished the two dishes and after a bit we realized that they were in fact the last two dishes we would be getting.  So I quickly do the math.  6+9+28+9=$52.  So, we were supposed to pay $90 for $52 worth of food?  Were we missing something?  I think one of the employees (not sure what his role was)  noticed the confused look on my face because he came over and asked if everything was ok.  So I asked him why we just got $52 worth of food for something they charge $45 per person for.  He explained that he wasn't really sure how it worked but it seemed as if we were only served one person's worth of food and that he would go talk to the chef and find out.  A few minutes later our server came back out and apologized for the confusion and told us that one of the meals was removed from the check.  I'm still unclear of what the "confusion" was.  Were we really only served a tasting menu for one or did they actually think we wouldn't notice that we were paying $90 for $52 worth of food?  

I'll add that the place was DEAD.  Three other tables in the whole restaurant between 7-8:30pm on a Friday night.  Not good.

So, needless to say, we will not be going back.  Disappointing because we really did like this place.