I had high expectations for this place based on reviews. Some reviews stated that the dishes were overly bland and only accentuated by sauces and the wait staff was below average. I put those reviews aside to take a chance and unfortunately (for my wallet) I listened to my own advice. This place is at best defined as a restaurant that wants to be high class but succeeds at being mediocre. The food was not great, in fact, I'd compare it to Taco Bueno or Taco Cabana. The food is VERY overpriced for what it is. And I mean VERY overpriced. I had a carne asada dish that was cooked as if at a backyard BBQ. The steak was only about 0.5" thick and when I asked for it medium rare, was delivered cooked well. The inside had  no pink, was tough and had little flavor. I had to drown it in the sauce it was served in to make it chewable. The worst part, it was $24! I ate with my fiance and 2 friends, none of them liked their dishes. My friend had the same carne asada as me and ordered it medium. It was served well done and was so tough she didn't eat 80% of it. We ordered 2 appetizers which were a joke. I ordered a queso fundido which was supposed to be a chiuahuha cheese w/ chorizo and peppers...it was a small dish with solidified cheese and 2 pieces of meat in it. It was $8. My friends ordered a shrimp plate appetizer, for $8...it had 4 small shrimps and some mushy peppers. The only positive thing I can say about this place is the dessert. It was very good, but small. And again, $9. For $9 you could get half a sheet cake at a store, here, you get a piece of cake slightly larger than a vehicles gas cap and a scoop of ice cream. 

Now, for anyone who uses or knows what the IMS barter system is, this is for you. This place DOES NOT HONOR IMS DOLLARS!!! We had $150 in IMS dollars and the restaurant neither listed nor mentioned ANY restrictions on them. We had eaten and recieved our bill, given the waitress the IMS dollars and expected everything to be fine. The waitress came back and stated that due to the restaurant having a slow night....only having two parties all day, one of which was an employee and her small party, they would only allow us to pay for HALF of the bill using IMS dollars. This is a flagrant violation of the contract they agreed to and is an insult to the whole system.They are currently being written up for violating the rules and may be kicked out of the system as a result. 

Overall, this place is not much better than a chain Mexican restaurant, their food is VERY, VERY overpriced and they have a rather limited menu (total of 8-10 dinner options). 

If you want a much better Mexican dining experience I would highly recommend Laredos or  Taqueria Guadalajara on Park St.  

I would NOT recommend it to anyone and would be surprised if they were in business 6 months from now.