Went on a Saturday night after a movie - lured by their "show movie ticket for 1/2 price off second meal".  Wish we had read Blake B's review before we went.  
We passed by the the place many times before, but this was the first time we actually stopped in.  Keep in mind that the lure was the food discount offer, not drinks, so we were there for the food.  Bad move... you need the drinks to forget the food.  
It was a Saturday night, but the place was almost empty - that should have been a warning sign to us.
When the menu proudly announces that they serve tamales from "The Tamale Store", it makes you wonder if they actually make food or just reheat food from other establishments.  We decided to try their ultimate chimichanga and the aforementioned tamales.  
The complimentary salsa had a nice spicy bite to it, but also had an off taste that I just couldn't place.  I kept sampling it to identify the strange taste, but eventually gave up; whatever it was, it threw the flavor off.  
The ultimate chimi was a good size, but was comprised of a lot of tortilla.  The guacamole provided with it was starting to turn brown - indicating it was made much earlier in the evening and had been sitting for a bit. Taste-wise, the chimi was so-so; I've had much better ones elsewhere - even locally.  
The tamales were good, but then again, it wasn't made by the restaurant.  I can just go to the Tamale Store (good thing that it's a local establishment) and pick up some directly.  The mexican rice accompanying it was a bit on the dry side.
Price-wise, it was on the high side for mexican food; certainly not worth the value even with the discount applied.  
Ambiance - what ambiance?  We were just about the only patrons in the place!  Fake decor elements don't make ambiance (to me, anyway).  To be fair, I have passed the place before with people drinking on the outside patio and watching the tv - if that's what you're looking for, then go for it.
I'm stretching to give it 2 stars... expensive for what you get, and what you get (in my case anyway) wasn't even something they prepared themselves.  Drinkers might give it a higher rating, but don't expect a lot when it comes to the food.