Like others, I had high hopes. Not too many restaurants in Cave Creek/Carefree so there is opportunity, but only the strong will survive. Honestly, I would leave less stars, but I feel bad because they've been open for a month and still HAVE THE CHANCE to make changes! I don't really write reviews on this site, but let's just say I felt highly compelled...

Went there for dinner, placed looked quant, tucked away, didn't know it was there until my hair stylist told me that evening, so I wanted to give it a whirl. I liked the concept of Italian meets Mexican, but like they say, some things are just good on paper.

Here it goes- 
Apps and dinner extremely bland. I mean, shock-ing-ly bland. The entire time we were eating I had to restrain my inner Robert Irvine and spit my food out with disappointment. 

Our starter was the guac from the happy hour menu, it had ZERO flavor, zilch, nothing. No salt, pepper, garlic, it was smashed avocado with other diced raw veggies on TOP of it. I'm super healthy by nature, but I couldn't stomach it. I kept thinking maybe the next bite will have taste, or the next, or the next, no dice.  A little sea salt and garlic go a LONG way!

We wanted the loaded fries as well but the waitress said she had no idea what was on the loaded fries because she started a week ago. So, we opted not to get them because I do not eat red meat, too risky. She went to ask the chef, but he 'stepped out for a bit' she said, so it is still an unsolved mystery.

I also ordered a caesar salad from the happy hour menu, it was a garden salad, heavily loaded with those cheap store-bought croutons, and a side cup of ceaser dressing. Ceaser salad should be tossed, no? It's not that hard to make a good homemade caesar.

Main meals, I ordered the veggie tacos, my mom the smashed chicken. Mine was soooo-ooo-ooo NOT good, it was a VERY hard to bite into, the shell was VERY tough, maybe over cooked, a very tough taco shell filled with watery tomato sauce, very bland, watery tomato sauce. It was soooo sad. There was not even a full bite size of one REAL, vegetable in my taco. Just the chunks of can tomato in the sauce. It was meant to put on a pasta I'm guessing, maybe served a dual purpose at the restaurant?? That should really be fixed or totally taken off the menu. Come on, grilled vegetables, you can't go wrong?? They desperately need to re-invent asap. 

My mom's chicken also had ZERO flavor, not even the taste of being grilled. Anything, We would take anything! We both had a side of fries, they were prepared with rosemary and parm, great concept on paper except our fries were not only NOT crispy, they were nearly raw and rubbery. I tied a long oily french fry in a knot and showed my mom; I am actually not exaggerating. No flavor other than Rosemary oil, no salt, again.

So if you hadn't gathered, we wished our table set up came with salt and pepper, but our waitress did not bring it and it was too late by the time she checked on us, we were done eating. By done, I mean not able to eat anymore of our meal, though we were still VERY hungry. And BTW, I never put salt on my food, but after tonight I see how important the ingredient is to a recipe. God Bless Salt.

Bottom line, the chef/owner should try each dish and think 'would I actually eat that?' or 'would I PAY for that?' Or 'Can I physically bite into that?' 
You only have one chance to make a good first impression. I really hope they can fix themselves.