I heard about this place on Yelp Talk Vegas and thought I'd give it a try for lunch today.  It's located in an older, ethnic area of Vegas that has a large Hispanic population, so I thought I was on the right track.  I was excited as I pulled into the parking lot.  I couldn't wait to get inside and try it out.

The restaurant is small with about 4 tables for 16 people and counter seating for another 8-10 people.  It sounds like a lot, but it's crammed into a small area where chairs are back to back....very tight space.

The menu is pretty extensive, but I found it shocking that they don't have Burritos on the menu......WHAT??!!!  One of my favorite dishes and they don't have it.....oh well, I didn't give them a strike for that.  I saw that they had the bottled Mexican Orange Soda that I L-O-V-E, so I bought a bottle with the meal.

I opted for an Asada Torta & a Cheese Quesadilla (it sounds redundant & I hate saying it, but that's what was on menu).....thought I'd try two items because I was hungry and I wanted to get a good feel for their food.

The tables have the standard Mexican Red & Green Salsa on the table for your convenience....homemade, which is a plus.  When the food came out, I was kind of disappointed with the size of the Torta, but it's about quality not quantity, so I won't dock them for that.  They also brought out a small bowl of pickled peppers, almost like Italian Giardiniera peppers....cool, I love those.  However, the Asada was very tough and bland....Strike 1.  It was pretty flavorless....so I had to add a lot of the pickled peppers & hot sauce to make it palatable....Strike 2.

When they brought out the Quesadilla I was surprised to see that it was deep fried and looked like an Empanada (see pics).....looked better than it tasted though.  It too was bland!  Wow!  I couldn't believe it.....so again, I doused it with hot sauce and finished it because I was starving....Strike 3.

I really really really wanted to like this place, but the food was just too bland.....I tried 2 items and it was a bust.  Damn, that's too bad.

Will I come back?  I'm torn....maybe to try the Tacos and give them a chance for redemption.