The wife and I received an Entertainment book and have been using that, along with Yelp, to find new places to try. One night we randomly opened to the page featuring an El Rancho BOGO coupon. It's right down the road from the house, so why not?

We walked in, saw there was only one other table and were greeted and seated before the door closed behind us. Our drink order was taken and filled quickly too. After the chips and canned salsa came out, we placed our order and waited patiently for our food.

The other table was getting ready to leave about the time we were running out of drinks and chips. No problem, once the one front of house employee is done cashing them out, he will come refill our glasses. Or, maybe he would just ignore us. Our drinks sat empty, the chips were long gone and only a partially full dish of flavorless, straight from the can salsa kept us company.

Sitting within line of sight (and about 5 feet) from the drink machine, I was tempted to just refill our glasses myself. About that time, the server guy decided to stop by and refill our water. 

Shortly thereafter, our food came out. I gave the tacos and enchilada plate a try. I was pleasantly surprised to see that there was a hidden cheese enchilada hidden in the sauce next to my chicken enchilada. The taco was tasty, nothing magical, but it wasn't as bad as others that I have had. The enchiladas were also not bad, but nothing too amazing. The sauce seemed to also have come from a can, it didn't have any individuality.

The restaurant used to be an American restaurant/cafe with an ice cream bar that made waffle cones fresh. There is still a strong smell of waffle cones in the air, which makes for a weird combination with Mexican-style dishes.

Also, it would seem that they are trying to save money on electricity by not having a strong A/C presence and keeping the air moving with box fans, industrial strength wire frame fans and the like. A boom box sitting on the counter plays Mariachi music too loudly throughout the dining area too. 

Having only one table can lead to servers either spending too much time checking on the customers or completely ignoring them. While the gentleman was very nice when he interacted with us, he was a little too absent while our drinks were empty. He was not even in view, so we could flag him down either.

If we're in a pinch, don't want to travel far and I am craving tacos, we may hit El Rancho up again, it won't be a go-to place though.