This was my message to the manager..I wanted to message whomever and tell you that your food is excellent. The service on the other hand is not. I am not one to complain and I will make this brief. My boyfriend and I went to your establishment around 10 pm Saturday night. We were seated by the hostess table and sat there for quite a while. I looked, made eye contact, and smiled at a server but after watching her walk by us four times I realized she wasn't our server. While waiting to get her attention prior to ordering many other tables were sat. The server eventually came over and asked what we would like to order. This server was indeed the same girl that I attempting to get service from initially. She apologized and was happy to take our order. I ordered queso, a pollo burrito without pico and and a yinzarita. She promptly came back with the queso and informed me that it was going to be about 15 minutes to make my drink. She then asked if I wanted something else. I said no and that I would wait.  There were three females who also ordered yinzaritas. I know they were seated after us because I thought about asking to be moved to that table. We got our food and I still had not received my drink. The server did come over once more and tell me it would be a few more minutes. I had pretty much finished my food and I realized the girls at the other table were all sipping yinzaritas. After a few minutes the server came back again, said it would only be a few more minutes and I asked her to just cancel my order.  I mentioned the girls having their drinks to my boyfriend and he (being passive as always) said, yeah, I was hoping you didn't notice that. I didn't ask for a manager or complain to the server I just wanted out of the restaurant. That was the second time eating at Steel Cactus and we had issues with rude staff before. The manager was more than polite but it doesn't make up for a bad experience. We will not be coming back to your restaurant. I hope eventually, you get either new staff or retraining needs to be implemented. I will be telling my friends about my poor experience and the few people I've already told have then told me their bad experiences with your restaurant. Good luck, with your reputation because its going downhill fast.