I purchased the groupon $15 for $30 while my fiance and I were driving to Las Vegas for the weekend, I was so excited to try something new and visit that end of the strip. 

First off, let me start by stating that we were staying at the Mandalay Bay hotel and to get to the restaurant which is in the Treasure Island hotel took an hour to get to. That put us into ultra hunger mode when we finally got there. We read some ot the other reviews and were a little aprehensive about going, but since I had the groupon I was going anyways. We were seated right away, the lighting is very romantic and the decor is gorgeous. The waiter came over very quickly and brought us chips and salsa I ordered the guacamole, carne asada tacos and my fiance ordered the shredded barbacoa enchiladas. After I ordered I told them I had a groupon, all of a sudden their quick and efficientness turned into a slow crawl. Our waiter brought over our guacamole and let me tell you that is really good! I would go there again for chips, salsa, and guacamole, the rest of the food wasn't too good. My carne asada tacos looked like they were cooked in a pan with oil and was chopped up into small bites, nothing like what is pictured! not to mention there was fat still on the meat. The oil was dripping out of the tacos and there was no seasoning to the meat. The beans tasted like they were from a can, the rice was okay and as for my fiance his enchiladas wasn't barbacoa it was a shredded beef, barbacoa is PORK! He wasn't too happy with his food either, you should also keep in mind that my fiance is Hispanic and we eat authentic Mexican food at least once a week, and even I know how to make real refried beans so we are extremely harsh critics when it comes to mexican food. 

We wouldn't eat this place again, such a shame cause we want to try new places out when we go to Vegas. I love the fact that I used a groupon with this place, had we gone without one I would have been very upset. If you have ever had good mexican food before, avoid this place as you will be very disappointed, if you are from a place that never serves mexican food then you will probably like it.