I've been to Frida's about 5-6 times in the past three years and it seems every trip I enjoy it less and less. It's not because of the service. There was only one time where we received lackluster service...and the place was nearly dead. The host seated my husband and I, and then we sat for 15-20 minutes, watching another couple be seated and have their drink order taken by an attentive server. We try not to be dicks. We're reasonable people. So we kept amused by betting each other if our server was smoking out back or shooting heroin out back. The host finally came by to take our drink order, and then a sheepish & stoned looking waif of a server wandered over to take our dinner order. Your guess is as good as mine whatever he was doing "out back".

If the margaritas weren't so strong, I'd be giving this 1 star. I used to live a ten minute drive from the Mexican border, so I understand the logic of lowering expectations so far north of the border. But I think they could try just a little harder. I like their complimentary chips & salsa, but Frida's guac tastes like it's pre-packaged. The food is ok as long as it's hot, but the flavors aren't memorable. The last time I ate here, I sat in a broken booth with springs poking my rear, which caused me to slouch over toward the wall with the huge mural on it. From this viewing advantage, I was able to notice that this place hasn't been dusted or thoroughly cleaned in ages. There are large cobwebs and a thick layer of fuzzy grime coating the fake plants and the side wall where the broken booths rest against. The mural of Frida has reflective drips where some clearish liquid spattered her face and was never wiped off. Being an artist, it is sad to see Frida Kahlo's face disrespected that way. And if the dining area is this neglected, I'm not too hopeful about the cleanliness of the kitchen. I'd like to add that I'm not one of those people who carries hand sanitizer everywhere or bleaches her kitchen and bathroom, so for me to say something's icky may put it in perspective. Maybe I didn't notice how dirty it was in the past because I was too busy sucking down their yummy margaritas.

Here's the kicker: On my last visit, I was finishing the last of my margarita at the end of our meal when I saw a small roach scurry across the table. It practically fell into my lap, and brought back unpleasant memories of my infested apartment in college. I didn't do the "girl thing" and scream or jump out of the booth, but I might be done eating food here. However, I remain open-minded to having margaritas out on the sidewalk when the weather's nice. We'll see.