A Chinese & Mexican restaurant? It sounded like the perfect place for my husband (Hispanic) and I (Chinese), but it ended up to be a very disappointing meal. My husband has been there once. He warned me about the food wasn't that good, but we felt like I had to try at least once. 

We started with the chips and salsa. Chips were fresh and crispy. The salsa was fine, but nothing special. We have had much better salsa in other places. 

We had three tacos. The homemade corn tortillas were great. LENGUA (beef tongue) was very delicious. The tongue was tender and the salsa was refreshing. Best thing of the night. Silencio (duck tongue) was disappointing. It was a taco with Chinese cooking style and flavors. Sadly, the flavors just didn't go well with the tortilla. Kind of weird. Pescado a la Plancha (fish) was ok. Just a fish taco. Nothing amazing. 

For dim sum, we got the traditional siu mai. $13.88 for 6 siu mai? They better be good! My husband liked them, but they were just ok for me. The filling were a bit loose. The siu mai fell apart easily after one bite. I felt that I am paying for the gold flakes more than anything. Please take away the gold flakes and give me some decent and cheap siu mai! We also had the lamb pot stickers stuck on you. I was very exciting about pot stickers, especially lamb one. Not only we can't taste the lamb, the spice seasoning overpowered everything. The spice didn't taste anything like Chinese or Mexican food. It was more like Indian flavors. Other than the crispy skins, we didn't like these at all. 

We also got the 18 MONK NOODLES. I think they have switched this out of the menu now. But it was very tasty. I like hand cut noodles, because they are usually al dente. And these noodles were. The flavors were earthy and savory. We enjoyed it. 

At the end, we paid about $65 (without tax & tips). All the food we ordered were nothing fancy. You can get all these food in a Mexican or Chinese restaurant for just half the price. I have nothing against fusion food. I love kogi. But the food in here is just not good and it is way over price! If you are thinking to come here, I urge you to go somewhere else. José Andrés' magic just doesn't work here.