Pink Taco...the name itself has you asking questions, of is this a restaurant or a brothel of some sort, when you walk in and see the decor, of the Mexican low rider bicycle on the wall, and the crosses, you are still wondering if it is a restaurant or a brothel for a bit...and wondering what any of this has to do with pink tacos!!!

So moving on, we were greeted by a friendly girl named Sara who just also happened to be our server. She did a fairly good job considering she seemed to have limited amount of stuff to work with, and we were there during happy hour....it was dead! 

I was impressed by there happy hour prices, until I experienced some of their happy hour specials first hand, my friend got the nacho's, I personally could of made better nacho's at home, I mean these things really looked like they cost less then 5 dollars, the chips here are so salty I would need a gallon of water to eat the whole dish, the salsa seemed fairly good and fresh, and the shrimp tacos I had were not bad even though I did expect some larger portions for 13 bucks!

The drinks, back to Sara, so I asked her what they had on draft and she rattled off about 5 beers, none of which were really that impressive to me, so when I pick one out she comes back a bit later and says they are out, so I reluctantly get a margarita what my two friends were drinking that did not look that impressive. I also asked for a water, which took Sara two more requests before she brought it.

I was right, they were not that strong and for 5 bucks I would expect a bigger glass, these things were weak, and for five bucks, I was like come on, I thought this place was a bit pricey my tab was like 25 bucks for two margaritas, and three tiny shrimp tacos, and some bad table chips....that I was assuming where free, but maybe not considering my tab. 

In any event I was not impressed with the Pink Taco...I can also say that this location seemed a bit dirty, our menus look like they had been wiped down with a dirty rag. I mean I guess I couldn't expect any better, I mean this place is better known for it's nightlife on a Friday or Saturday then its food. I would suggest someplace else I was not satisfied with the food, this maybe a great meat market at night for pink tacos, but the food sucks!!!