Today was the 4th or 5th time my wife and I have gone to Arriba's at Arrowhead.  We were excited to find this place because we had lived in Albuquerque for 5 years and had grown to love real New Mexican food and Arriba Mexican Grill is advertised as just that, New Mexican food with real Hatch green chili.  Hatch chili's are so good, they are additive!  I just have to have a chili fix every so often and there's not other New Mexican restaurant around excite this place. 

The first couple of times we went to Arriba's; it was great, really wonderful.  The food was great, the wait staff was attentive and it was the next best thing to real Albuquerque food you could find in all of Phoenix.  Then it seemed like this place started to take a turn for  the worse.  On our third visit, we were promptly seated but guess what - we sat at our table with menus in hand for 20 minutes!  Seriously, there were only about 12 tables with people and at least 6 wait staff but for some reason, we just never got to place an order.  So, we left and on the way out I told the girl at the check out that no one ever came to take our order but she didn't seem to care.  She must have been having a bad day and it would be easy to see why, evidently this restaurant was without any organization what so ever and she was having to put up with unhappy customers.

Well, a few months later, my wife convinced me to to give it another try so we returned and ate the usual stacked enchiladas.  It was OK, but still not as good as that first couple of times we were there.  But today, I am convinced that the Arrowhead store is fast hitting the skids.  

I had my usual enchiladas but something was missing.  As I said before, I go there to get my chili fix and today was as good as any for real Hatch green chili.  Normally, the beefy stacked enchiladas are loaded with chili but I guess the cook was having a bad day today - he / she forgot to put any chili's on the enchiladas.  Not putting chili on my enchiladas is like a sin - I would rather be slapped in the face than have the chili left off my Mexican food.  It's like getting a cheeseburger with no cheese (or meat).  It's that serious!

When the waiter checked on us, I asked if there was a shortage of Hatch chili this year - of course there wasn't (I was being a smart ass) and I told him my food was bland - no bite or heat to it at all.  I told him that the only difference in their food and any of the other 20,000 Mexican food places in Phoenix is this place was supposed to have green chili and my food was not what I expected.  It was just ordinary Mexican food.  

In all fairness, they didn't charge me for my meal and the manager was very nice and said she would talk to the cook about this matter and I believe that she was genuinely sorry.  I will probably go back - it is closer that having to drive to New Mexico but I would suggest that you ask for your chili on the side just to make sure you get your fix.