I just made my second trip to 1511 and I will choose somewhere else next time.  I have been eating at Mama Ricotta's for 15+ years, and have eaten at Big Daddy's a couple of times--I enjoy both of the sister restaurants so I do not know what the problem is with this restaurant.

On our first trip I wanted to start with the guacamole that I read so much about on Yelp.  We ordered it, and just when we were starting to think that the service was really slow--it was a packed Saturday night--our entrees came out.  When the manager that brought our food ask if we had everything we needed I told him we never got our appetizer, so please cancel that order.  He apologized and offered to bring it out now, but we declined since our dinner was there.  They did give us a coupon for a free guacamole which I thought took care of the situation.  Another manager came by and apologized, as did our waitress who we saw less of than the waitstaff at all the tables around us.  The food was pretty good, so I knew we would try it again.

Trip two.  We got there early this time, well before the crowd, and ordered the guacamole (forgot the darn coupon!) and a beer to start, while we looked at the menu.  My beer came out, we ordered entrees, the guac came out and before we could enjoy 3-4 chips our entrees hit the table.  They seem determined that I will not get to enjoy any guacamole.  Well equally determined, I slid my dinner aside and dug into the chips.  Truthfully, it was wasted effort.  It really wasn't that good.  There was very little flavor.  Unless they snuck it in while I wasn't looking there was no garlic, no salt, and no pepper added.  I doctored it at the table, but I have had better pre-made from the grocery store and that isn't $9.00.

I usually choose a local place over a chain when possible, and I really wanted to enjoy 1511 but the entrees are nothing special and the service did not meet my expectations.  The prices were higher than say "On the Border" and while I never felt like a sombrero-wearing group would start singing happy birthday to the table next to us, that was hardly enough to bring me back. Adios Cantina 1511.