I have walked by this joint a million times, and always wanted to check it out because of its Dia-de-los-Muertos-on-steroids decor. I normally go for atmo over food quality anyway, so I wasn't too concerned with reading any of the other reviews here.

The chief complaints regarding this place seem to concern the cleanliness and the service/attitude.So let me address both.

Apparently, the place was closed down by the health dept. recently for having 52 health code violations (!). I might not have dared to eat here had I known this...but as it was, I have been here twice and had the chicken fajita tacos both times: once Mexican, and once Cuban-style. Both times they were way above average! The veggies were fresh and ginormous and delicious, the chicken was well spiced and succulent, and the accoutrements (rice, beans, etc) were average. 

On both my visits, my friends had the chimichanga. One friend loved it, the other one said Meh. 

The chips and salsa were pretty good, but they're stingy with them and only give you one little basket for free. The guacamole was kinda eh, but with all the other food, I didn't even notice, And the place LOOKED really clean, so who knows?!

As for the service, on my 1st visit we were one of only three tables in there at the time, and service was fine. But on my second visit, it was busier, and it took about 45 minutes for them to get our food out. And all that time, they were too cheap-assed to give us more chips. LAME!

All in all, the servuce sucks, the food is OK, and the atmo is GREAT: crazy decor and amazing retro 80s music videos playing on a big screen TV while you eat. 

Other reviews also mention Mamita's hater-ish attitude toward food trucks...and I think this is the crux of Mamita's image problem:

They were on East Fremont Street before Zappos was even a gleam in some Modest Mouse fanboy's bespectacled, bicycling eye. Mamita's predates the hipster infestation...they survived YEARS of life on East Fremont before it was cool, so is it ANY FUCKING WONDER they don't want trendy shitty food trucks rolling in and stealing their bidness?! 

Mamita's is like that grumpy old man in the neighborhood who's constantly yelling at you kids to get off his goddamn lawn. They don't have a Twitter feed, they don't have a thing to "check in," and they don't serve Pabst Blue Ribbon or have a bike rack out front. 

Mamita's, if you're listening, and you want a piece of that sweet, sweet hipster buck....stop complaining and start being more ironic, STAT!