So we went in for dinner.  Having been to numerous tapas restaurants before we knew what to expect- basically small sharing portions.

First- it was FREEZING in there.  Half the patrons were still bundled wearing their coats (I being one of them).  And, we were seated no where close to the door.

Second- the music was so loud that our waiter missed some of the dishes that a guest at our table ordered.  The items that we ordered, I felt like I was screaming, I had to repeat a few times until they were clearly understood.

Third- Our waiter was horrible (and not because he couldn't hear orders over the music).  When we first entered, it was fairly early dinner time.  There were other folks sitting and being waited on.  Not us.  Finally, he arrived took our drink orders.  Then he disappeared.  Drinks dropped off.  Again, he disappeared.  Time passed, he ran by dropped off bread.  Disappeared.  At the time, we were is only table.  After about 20+ minutes he finally came by to get our food order.  Disappeared.  He only reappeared to toss some food on the table.  Finally able to flag him down and ask for more bread (I wanted it to sop up some yummy morsels I left on my plate).  Without asking, he just grabbed my plate and told me I could get a clean one.  The whole point was I didn't want and clean one.  It is also a pet peeve of mine when a waiter/waitress touches my plate without asking..... It was at that point we informed him that some of our food was missing.  So, after a longer wait (at this point the place was filling up) we finally completed our meal.

Fourth- Pricing.  Again, we know tapas.  But somehow, the prices did not match at all to what you were getting.  Firstly, It's located in a very "family" style community.  There is another restaurant catty cornered to this one.  They understand this concept and although they are considered a "tavern" are constantly packed because of the family friendly prices and atmosphere.  Secondly, I personally don't think that paying $8 for 'tempura artichoke hearts' (when 3 pieces come on the plate, they were barely a mouthful each, and they obviously used canned artichoke) is worth it.

Overall, despite the pricing, most of the food was good. The 'sliced trio of Chorizo' was extremely greasy and oily.  'Bacon wrapped dates" I've had better.  Bacon was nearly burnt, they were served over shredded lettuce that made no sense, and there was no sauce. The 'Gambas con Arroz' for the price ($8) was worth it.  My only issue with that was again, canned mushrooms and canned peas.  

At this point, I think I'll stick to my other tapas restaurants.  I feel they are a much better value.  For dessert (because I couldn't take the waiter anymore, I was uncomfortable frozen, and the music being so loud we couldn't have a conversation) we opted to go to the grocery store across the parking lot.