Went to Caramba's for dinner.  This was our first time and we went on the recommendation of friends.

First impressions.  When we walked in, about a 1/2 dozen tables were occupied.  The restaurant was VERY clean.  Lots of tables, no kitsch decor, and an order/pick up at the counter type set up.   

The lady at the counter was friendly and took our order w/ no problems.  We asked about ordering chips (they are listed on the on-line menu), and the lady said they were included, and gave us a couple of bowls of chips along w/ our drink cups.

They have a salsa bar with several different salsas available.  Medium smooth (hot sauce), medium chunky, hot, fire roasted, and pico de gallo.

The fire roasted salsa and the medium smooth were good, but nothing special.  The chips however, were well past their prime (stale).

We ordered a #2 combo plate (2 hard beef tacos), #6 combo plate (red chile burrito), and a bean and cheese burrito.

The food came fast and hot.  That's about the only good things I can say.  The red chile burro had a lot of meat and grease, but no flavor.  The red chile it self was very thin and watery.  The rice was bland.  The beans had the flavor of being fresh out of a can.  The tacos were also packed w/ meat, once again without flavor.  The same bland rice and beans accompanied the tacos.

My son ate about 1/2 of the bean and cheese burrito, and didn't want to take the rest home, and I didn't blame him.  He's pretty easy to please when it comes to a bean and cheese burritos, and he didn't like the beans either.

Maybe if we would have had one of their margaritas or cheap beer that many people rave about we would have liked it more.

I would rate almost any of "berto" places above Caramba when it comes the the flavor of the food.  I would rather have traveled down Bell Road to Mixteca.

My advice, if you want fresh, tasty, fast Mexican food.  Go to the nearest Carolinas.

I'm giving 2 stars, the restaurant was spotless, and the iced tea was fresh and very good.