I really like the salads here. The house dressing is yummy. It comes out to ~$9 but it is enough for 2 meals. My BF likes their burritos & the fact that you can get it enchilada style (no extra change). 

Unfortunately, the service is horrible. Every single staff looks like they absolutely hate being there. From the tortilla makers, the line staff, to the cashiers. I've been here 3 times now and witnessed poor service each time.

Last night was the worst. While waiting in line for nearly 30 minutes (shouldve been quicker, line wasn't that long) I heard and witnessed some inappropriate behaviors from the staff:

1) a lady asked for an extra plate because she was splitting her salad with someone else and the employee rolled his eyes and gave her an attitude about it. Same guy- the next costumer asked "how's your day going?" In which he responded "it sucks" and when she said "oh I'm sorry to hear that", he said "well im stuck here, that's why"

2) the staff was talking with each other across the kitchen about what I'm assuming an employee that quit and one said out loud "when he left he said 'Eff this place! I'm never coming back'". So loudly that I'm sure every other patron in line heard also. 

3) the lady rolling the dough for the tortillas stepped away for a moment and when she came back (gloves still on) she went behind the lady cooking the tortillas and began to massage her shoulders. Then she went on to continue touching and rolling the dough with the same gloves!!

4) waiting to pay my interaction with the cashier went like this: 
Me: hi
Cashier: what kind of meat did you have in your salad?
Me: barbocoa
Cashier: (rings it up) $9.15
Me: (hands over cash)
Cashier: (hands me change) your change
Me: thank you. Have a good night.
Cashier: (looks past me to the next guy) what kind of meat did you have in your salad?

The staff needs to be trained better or they overall need new staff. None of them want to be there, it clearly shows. From reading their reviews, there seems to be quite a few people who agree. I'm usually very patient but they have maxed out their limit with me. I would go a lot more often if the service was better.