We came here as a party of 2 on a Sunday evening. It was completely empty when we got there. By the time we left it was full. So from my experience, it looks like the place is pretty popular. I just can't figure out why. 

The food came out pretty fast, which is a plus. However, the Mexican rice was grossly under cooked. It wasn't crunchy, it was still hard. The flavor wasn't bad, it just wasn't a pleasure to eat.

The refried beans were unusual. There was an odd smokey taste to it. It almost tasted like they took a can of baked beans and cooked them. I'm not really sure if I liked them or not. 

With the dishes we ordered, I'd say the food was OK. Maybe I was spoiled by the Mexican food I would eat in Cali, but for some reason, I expected a place called "on the border" to be somewhat familiar to the great Mexican food I used to eat. It just wasn't. I was disappointed by that. 

The true issue with this place is that the service is awful. When we were first seated our order was taken by someone who wasn't our server. She said that she's "helping him out this evening." I'd understand that if the place was busy, but we were the only ones there at that point. I'm all for getting faster service, but how much help could he have actually needed?

While we were there a large party came in. (Party of 9). We were unfortunately, sat right next to them. The reason this was unfortunate because we actually had to witness what good service actually looks like, while being basically ignored ourselves. It's one thing to get bad service. At that point I just chalk it up to the servers being incapable, and don't go back. It's quite another to witness the same, exact servers giving amazing service to another group, while basically shunning you.

I'm not even exaggerating. I had an empty drink for almost ten minutes. Meanwhile there is a server sitting at the table with this large party, having a casual conversation. To get his attention I just start drinking the non-existent drink, which makes a sound anyone in the food industry should understand. The server actually looks up at me, smiles, and continued his conversation. He wasn't taking an order, nor was he helping them in any way. He was just talking.

A few minutes later the girl who was "helping our server" offered another drink. Our "server" only made an appearance twice. To actually bring the food, and to drop our ticket. When he actually dropped the ticket he told us to take it to the cashier when we were ready, and pointed to the front desk. We went there right away and we're told that the server handles that. 

The manager said he'd take care of it and said our total was $50 more than the ticket actually was! I had to correct him as he walked away saying something about tips. That's pretty audacious to talk about tips with the experience we just had.

Finally some other server brought me the receipt back, and I left the lowest tip I've left in years.

Overall the food was decent, but the service was abysmal. If you want mediocre food and horrible service give this place a shot.