To be clear, I planned on writing a review for Coconuts Beach Bar & Mexican Grill BEFORE I saw an ad on their website offering diners a free dessert for writing a Yelp review about their restaurant! :P

I went to Coconuts for the first time with my boyfriend on a weeknight. The setting is full of bright colors and beach décor, the quintessential "Spring Break" setting. There is a lot of space, and I imagine it would be a fun place to be on a busy night. Unfortunately, when we visited, we were one of 3 or 4 tables. Though we missed out on some excitement, the fact that it wasn't too busy prevented us from getting "lost at sea," which sometimes happens when there are too many customers/not enough employees.

Right away, I have to compliment the staff on their swift and attentive service. It was a slow night, but there was a full staff, and we never had to wait for ANYTHING. BAM! We were seated. BAM! We received water at our table. BAM! [FREE] Chips and salsa appeared out of nowhere. BAM! Our drinks were ready! BAM! Our dinner was there. On top of that, the servers and staff all seemed attentive and polite. Oh, ya, and did I mention that EVERYONE who works there is gorgeous?! 

I did have a few comments about the food and drinks. We made it to happy hour, and ordered some $5 house margaritas. I must tell you, their drinks are STRONG! Online, they make a sexy innuendo to their "stiff" drinks, and let me tell you--- it is not just a cute catchphrase. I couldn't finish my drink (and trust me, I love me some margaritas)! You've been warned! (P.S. I noticed a lot of reviewers complained about WEAK drinks! We must have had completely different bartenders!)

Another thing: their chips tasted weird to me. I might be crazy, but I detected a faint ranch flavoring to them. I'm not sure if this was from the seasoning salt, the tortillas the chips are made from, or maybe my taste buds were just shot from my margarita--- but I wasn't a fan. I confess, as a non-pinto-lover, I didn't try the beans that came as a side. Also, the Spanish rice sprinkled with peas was a bit bland to me, and tasted like it was microwaved. However, I was overall quite impressed with the entrees. I will say that I really enjoyed my cheese enchiladas, topped with red sauce and served (upon my request) with a $2 side of seasonal grilled vegetables. The veggies were sautéed to perfection and made what might have been ordinarily plain enchiladas totally scrumptious. My boyfriend liked his steak fajitas, which were loaded with onion and garlic and other seasonings. 

Overall, I'd say check out Coconuts. Fun environment. Good service. Fine food. And one drink will get your drunk!