I went to Rosita's for the first time tonight after driving by it for about 20 years on my way to other establishments. Tonight was the night to try it out because a place we know we like looked really busy. The entry way was super crowded (not from being too busy) as customers who enter have to walk around the customers who are in line paying for their meals. It seemed like my kids were getting in people's way. I'll be the first to notice when my kids are being annoying, but in defense of their innocence on this occasion, I must say they had nowhere safe to stand as we waited for the hostess to return. My toddler was almost taken out by a bag of takeout food being offered to a customer standing in the very crowded foyer. How could I have explained that tragedy to his grandparents? 

When we were finally taken to the "dining room" I felt as if I had been magically swept away to a 1970's Waffle House. The lighting in this room -which consisted of ceiling fans and recessed can lights- could truly only be understood by folks who have found themselves in police interrogation rooms. The sunniness of the room does nothing for the ambiance, as it only makes patrons aware of how many crushed chips are on the floor and how the decor is reminiscent of the living room of an 85 year old "winter visitor" from Minneapolis. Normally the decor of a place isn't something I would critique, but I would expect something a little more pleasant when price range is considered. It's like being asked to pay the price of a bottle of Dom and instead receiving Boone's Farm Wine. No, it doesn't break the bank, but seriously, this is AZ; some of our best Mexican food is served on a paper plate. I would never critique these places for their lack of ambiance. This place, however, with their $6 (for one) shrimp taco, doesn't warrant the price tag. 

Upon being seated our waitress took our drink orders. I decided to have the chicken mole (12.95) and my husband had the green chili chimi dinner (10.95). I think the kids' meals were a pretty good deal and I liked that I was able to order soup for my little guy. After our drinks came, we waited and waited to have someone bring us chips and salsa. We began to wonder if they were in fact complimentary here, as numerous members of the staff walked by without offering them. I finally asked our waitress for some as she walked by. She looked at me like I had a butt growing in the middle of my forehead and said, "yeah, sure," and kept walking. About 5 minutes later she stopped a busboy right in front of our table and told him that when he "had the time" he should get us some chips. I was mildly annoyed. 
He stopped what he was doing (I guess he had the time) and got them for us. Thanks big guy! 

When the food arrived I was in shock at the portion size. The meat on my plate was enough to serve my whole family. In my opinion this isn't always a good thing. I would rather be served less food and charged a smaller price. These grotesque portions have led to our country's reputation in the global community as the land of lard. Enchanting. The chicken mole itself was decent, nothing to write sonnets about, but it was good. It was served with some iceberg lettuce (tepid from the hot plate), pinkish tomatoes (delightfully flown in from Chile, I'm sure), and a warm, soft tortilla on the side. I liked it well enough. The boy's soup (ablondigas) was "mildly seasoned" exactly as the menu proclaimed. The prevailing flavor was that of the saltines we crumbled over the top. Was this bad? No. He's 3, he likes "mildly seasoned". He also seemed pleased with his very large meatball. My daughter must have enjoyed her taco, because she left no evidence of its existence on her plate. My husband's chimi was really good. In fact, if we find ourselves there again, I'd suggest splitting one of those with him. It was enormous. 

The bill came to $39 and some change. I felt a little cheated, as I know places in this town where the experience would have been a bottle of Dom at a Boone's Farm price. At least I'll get some "not too bad" warmed over chicken mole out of the deal.