In a word...this experience was underwhelming.

I remember coming to Cabo back when they first opened, years ago, and just LOVING the food.
Have my tastes matured that much, that what once was awesome, and worth a 40 minute wait for a table just isn't anymore?  Sure, I think maybe they've matured a little, but I really think its just a drop in standards. 

The whole night at Cabo was underwhelming, from the time we approached the hostess till we left, with the important exception of the service.  Our server was amazing, and the manager, after a bit of a misunderstanding in a complaint, was very receptive to criticism and feedback.

We arrived at the hostess station at about 6:35pm, and were told there would be a 10-15 minute wait...when there were plenty of open seats. We asked if we could just sit at a bar top, and she said that the servers were busy and had to catch up on their tables.

Ok, strike one, horribly understaffed.  

Then we noticed the time, and noticed that their happy hour ends at 7pm every day.  
Are they trying to seat us late so we don't take advantage of happy hour?  Not that there was a lot on the HH menu that we wanted but still...

Luckily, we were seated at about 6:50 (ten minutes to spare) and got our order of wings in for $5.

Our server, like I said before, was a treasure.  She was pleasant, and kept my water glass full the whole night.

It took a while to get our chips and salsa, which we discovered was because the kid bringing the chips was also the ONLY busser we saw on the floor...which brings in to question:  How are their sanitary practices?  The same guy who is bussing dirty dishes is bringing out our chips and salsa...no gloves.  Hm.

The chips were good, but the salsas were a little...boring.  Another stations property has a Mexican restaurant with a salsa bar, and a MUCH better selection of salsa's.  Boring, and disappointing.  

So our wings arrived, and they were standard wings...nothing to write home about.

When our entrees arrived, that was where the problems started occurring. 

My chimi fajita:   This thing is ENORMOUS.  Like...ridiculously huge, fed me at dinner last night and lunch today, and I STILL didn't eat the whole thing.   It was served with refried beans and cheese, Mexican rice, and a "garnish" of pico de gallo.  The pico was laughable.  If you're serving me pico, I want enough to put ON my chimichanga, and there wasn't enough on the plate for the first bite.  

As far as the flavor goes...it started off mediocre, with mostly just vegetables on the end.  As I got closer to the middle, I found the chicken ,and that was actually pretty nice.  

My fella ordered the steak fajitas, and was REALLY disappointed.
First of all, he ordered them with NO sour cream...and received his bowl of pico with sour cream in it.  

Second, on the fajita platter, there was ONE lonely, tiny stalk of cilantro.  One.  It was mostly stem too, no leaves. 

Worse of all though...the steak was bland!  We could have dropped it on the floor and stepped on it, and it would have had more flavor. 

At this point, we asked our server to speak to a manager.

When we told her about the steak being bland, I think she may have misunderstood what we were trying to do, and she said "What would you like me to do to the steak." 

Uh...yeah.  We got a little angsty after that bit, and stepped up our game, letting her know that we were simply trying to provide feedback, that the quality of the food was bland.  For advertising that the steak is marinated, it didn't taste that way at all.

After we explained ourselves a bit better, she was VERY apologetic, and offered to take the fajitas off the check (that wasn't  our goal, but since he didn't eat much of it, it was a nice offer that we accepted), and told us how much she valued our feedback.

The best part though, was that she came back out to the table after taking the food back, and said that she tried the steak, and that it WAS bland.  

So the good news is, if she is true to her word, and she seemed like she is the kind of person who cares about her business, she should get on the chefs to season their meat better.  
I was torn about giving Cabo 3 stars simply for her change of heart, but at the end of the day, the food just wasn't very good at all. 

I don't know that I'd come back here again, really...its on the other side of town, and there are better restaurants, but if I'm here and with someone who wants to come out, I probably won't say no.  I'd like to see if they actually make improvements.