Cafe Rio is basically a clone of Chipotle. The place is clean, the service is mediocre, and the food is overpriced & bland.
The best item they have is the sweet pulled pork - the chicken has zero flavor. My issues with the service were thus: we arrived over an hour before closing and I ordered the pork burrito. They was about a 1/4 of a serving of pork left in the bin, and if I hadn't been watching that is all the kid would have put in my burrito. He scraped the bin to get every last bit for me, but it was still not even half the meat they should be using, so he offered to replace the remaining meat with chicken and I unwisely agreed. He didn't drain the soggy wet chicken at all - so the result was a burrito in a tinfoil pan that was basically a soup at the bottom. Forget about actually picking up the burrito to eat with your hands like anywhere else, you had to use fork and knife, and could have switched to a spoon by the end. It was pretty disgusting - all that wet tortilla and soggy meats. On top of that, the chicken had zero flavor, not even salt seasoning taste. The pork was flavorful, but I only got the tiniest hint of it, maybe two bites. The black beans were equally bland with zero flavor and no seasoning. I didn't mind the rice however, and was glad it wasn't the typical Spanish rice with nothing but cumin seasoning. But for $9, the rice isn't going to cut it when everything else was a major disappointment. The burrito was a total fail. My girlfriend got the pork tacos and thought they were good - she obviously chose wisely, and also got all the pork and left none for me! lol But to run out of your signature meat over an hour before closing? That's just bad kitchen management. Then on top of all that, I had a real craving for chips and queso - and they were offered on the menu and I ordered them. It wasn't until we were paying that we were informed that they do not have any chips and cannot fulfill our entire order. They couldn't say that earlier? They couldn't put up a note on the wall menu - out of chips! Common courtesy to your guests before they waste time standing in line and actually place an order. I did not want to dine there if we couldn't get the chips I wanted, we would have gone elsewhere - so it was pretty unethical of them to get me to the very end before letting me know I am not getting what I wanted to pay for. That is bad customer service, especially if you are expecting a guest to return. Now I don't want to ever go back there, whereas I probably would have if they told me "no pork, no chips" and we went elsewhere and took a rain check on Cafe Rio. It's only fair, and good business practice. The other thing that really bothered me, was while our food was being prepared one of the workers, I will assume the manager because he had a really arrogant attitude, was berating a younger worker for putting too much cheese on our food! he kept telling him to place less ingredients into our meal. Excuse me, please try to be a cheap bastard while the customer is NOT right in front of you! That is incredibly unprofessional and also showed how stingy this place is going to be every time. Basically the staff itself showed me that the food there is not a good value for the price you pay. 
I appreciate the concept of this place, and even making tortillas from scratch is great, but if you are going to cheat the customer out of proteins and cheese, have completely bland chicken and beans, not be able to competently put a proper burrito together, and not be honest about your menu - you aren't going to get any return business. 
Taco Senor is about 3 minutes away and blows this place out of the water with their tasty food, amazing prices, and terrific service. No comparison, go to Taco Senor instead of lame Cafe Rio. This place is for unsuspecting people with no taste buds.