Thinking about airport food in Phoenix...NEVER AGAIN in front of Security!

Normal patterns have me flying out of Phoenix Friday evening and returning Sunday about noon.  Because of the only constant in life being change, I am now flying outta Phoenix Wednesday morning and back Friday morning.  Since it was 8:45 AM, I had no idea what I was going to find once I passed through Security, so I figured I would give Oaxaca a try.

Like most airport restaurants, it looks clean.  The menu, while varied, did not allow much for an innovative order.  My hispanic food passion of late is a guacamole burrito.  It's guacamole, onion, cheese, sour cream and bacon.  Between the milquetoast anglo morning register guy (looks too young and acts too immature to be called a "manager") who rang up my burrito by item...including the tortilla for the burrito...$8 for a burrito to go was a bit more than I anticipated.  Prices on the regular burritos and other offerings were a bit more reasonable, so I anticipated a pretty large burrito.

Milquetoast, the register guy, asked if I preferred strips of bacon or if I wanted my bacon crumbled.  I asked for strips.  He then asked if I considered 2 strips sufficient, or if 3 sounded better.  I replied that I would take what I could get for the somewhat large charge ($2.09) I paid for bacon.  Milquetoast then spoke to the grill guy in broken schoolbook Spanish.  The grill guy looked at the receipt and turned to ask me if I wanted eggs or potato in the burrito.  When I replied that I did not, he asked me if this was a breakfast burrito or a lunch burrito.  Looking at my watch and seeing it was still before 9 AM, I replied that it would be a breakfast burrito unless it was cheaper for me as a lunch burrito.  

The grill guy turned and scooped crumbled bacon onto the grill, added onion and slapped down a tortilla.  Everything heated and he assembled the burrito.  I could not see all of his activities, so when he put a burrito on a plate and called me over, I reminded him this was ordered to go.  He wrapped up the small burrito and handed me burrito and salsa in a bag.  I turned and headed toward Security to get to my gate.  

On arriving at my gate, I sat down and prepared to enjoy breakfast.  The burrito was as light as it was small.  While I had requested strips of bacon, the crumbles were well distributed through the burrito.  It is too bad that the guacamole and cheese were not, and there was no sour cream anywhere on the burrito.  

While my typical reaction in such a situation is to return to the restaurant, there just was not time to go back in front of security to display the incorrect order.  

If there is a next time, I just need to stick to the regular menu.