Do you come here often? This old line would definitely work here. Great for families or old marrieds looking to get out of the house and laugh-out-loud for a few hours. This place is a brightly colored, entertainingly, loud, home away from home, covered in unexpected but, laughtasticly humorous saying that creatively remind you of where you are.

I have been here a few times in the past, with friends, unsually during the day (Day drinking, as their shirts say). So, the other Saturday night I decided to head over after some strenuous solo christmas shopping. Looking to relax, refuel, drink, flirt and..... (nevermind, it didn't happen anyways). I parked near the Greenfield side and walked up to what I thought was the main door. But, it was locked! The thought crossed my mind that they may be closed? But, the loud music led me around the corner to the chill-friendly security door check who informed me that they serve food until 2am and wished me a good time. As I made my way inside the place was pretty busy on the patio, with a live DJ, no seats left at the bar, and absolutley no one but staff on the inside, I guess that was their intention.

I found a nice spot (with great viewing) on a corner table in the patio area, far too big for just myself, but who knows, the night was still young... Within seconds, my server was at my table taking my drink order and right back to take my food order (Ugh, I MUST have looked famished! Or he's just that good?) He was back over in a few minutes with my chips and salsa and appologized that the food would be taking longer than normal. I thanked him and told him it was no problem, as I was in no hurry. 

As I waited I finally had a chance to really look around. I have to admit, I was quite surprised to see so many regular farmer, construction types had filled the place with their jealous polential wife types (just the feeling I got). It reminded me of my visits to the NW! I guess I'll have to make an appearance at this place more often! I felt like the best looking thing to happen to this place in awhile and I was totally cas in jeans and sneakers! It was a little surreal! Although the stinky eye lady glances in my general direction were getting a bit annoying (...remember, corner table seat.) I wanted to say: Ladies, PUHLEASE, I am NOT looking at your man! ...I am simply trying to lip read Joe Rogan's mouth for the details of the UFC fight. (the other best looking thing in the place, besides me. Yeah, it was one of THOSE nights) Sheesh! But, they would have never heard me over the DJ beats and the cornhole game happening in the walk way. 

Just then, my food arrived. Luckily, I had asked them to make it to go. I had read the handy yelp reviews on this Supergooeycheese chimi thingy and Man! This thing did not dissappoint! I dug right into it! Fully loaded and super flavorful! It has this amazing smelling/ tasting jalapeno cream sauce and ?lbs of cheese I asked the servicer, but I forgot (lost in the deliciousness) he smiled as he explained, knowing exactly what I was experiencing. It actually got better with every overloaded mouth full! Quarterway through I paused just long enough to realize I was already stuffed! But, by that time I was pretty much done with the discomfort of the corner seat with a 'greeat' view.

Overall, a great place to take the fam to get out of the house for a nightlife atmosphere with generous sized portions of food and not have to dirty your own kitchen. Buuut, not the best place to go for a 'meeting' or a friendly conversation with strangers.