It pains me to write anything negative about Chipotle, but my experience at this location was less than amazing. I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon and the place was nearly empty. I found that a little strange, but didn't think much of it.

As I stood waiting for my turn to order, I watched the girl make a burrito for the person in front of me. Granted, Chipotle burritos are always pretty huge, but this thing was a monster. I don't think the girl making it knew when to stop or how cut down on everything else slightly so that the whole thing could be rolled up. She ended up getting guacamole all over the outside of the guy's burrito and also had to use two pieces of foil to cover it up. 

When my turn was up, I had to tell the girl twice that I wanted a burrito (she just stared at me the first time like I was slow). Once we got started, I continued to have to repeat myself. I don't think I was talking particularly quietly, nor was I speaking un-clearly. I also don't think she was hard of hearing. The entire time she had this bored, "let's get on with it" look on her face. A couple of times she almost put some things I didn't want into my burrito and when corrected would drop the stuff back into the containers with somewhat of an attitude. She managed to make my burrito normal size, I'm happy to say.

I was "helped" at the register by another employee. When I say helped, I mean a zombie blankly stared at me, stated the amount, took my card, and promptly turned around to talk to his co-worker when the transaction was done. No smile or even a "thank you".

I ate at a counter seat by the window, looking out onto 7th Ave, which was the most pleasant part of the visit. It is a nice area. People walking around or riding bikes, interesting shops and restaurants, nice landscaping, etc.

The food itself was lackluster. Someone there needs to learn how to cook brown rice properly. It was somewhat hard and not very tasty, a problem I have never encountered at any other Chipotle location. Considering that about half the burrito ended up being rice, I had to force myself to finish my meal. I'm hoping maybe someone was just having an off-day in the kitchen. If their rice is like this all the time, it is safe to say I won't be back.

Love Chipotle, just not this one. I might try it again sometime when the memory of their terrible rice has faded.