First off, dont belive the one $ price range, this place is SPENDY!
The taco's I had were short rib and chicken, very tasty and good but nowhere near worth the price of 3 bucks each.

The chips and salsa...I don't even know how to explain....I guess rip-off would do it. As another yelper said, its a bag of bleh chips and a tiny ittty bitty teensie wenisie plastic container of salsa that you'd normally put on your burrito or taco. Very chincy, come on Stand, its salsa, not real wasabi or gold for that matter.

Oh the wait! All teens in the neighborhood work here I suppose, which is good as kids need to work too, but lets stop the chatter and do a little work on behalf of the starving masses that have paid for their food. Really, with such a simple menu why does it take forever?

Oh Jesus, I just remembered the lemonade....errrr...lemon juice as there is no ade in this crap. I dont care how you spin it, fresh lemonade is great when its fresh squeezed and HAS AT LEAST A TEASPOON of SUGAR. Nothing worse than a bunch of hipsters/yuppies standing around or writing reviews about something "artisan" or "homemade". Holy crap, if you went to the fridge and grabbed that little fake lemon with the juice in it that you splash on while cooking and ripped the top off and guzzled it you will know what I mean. So I even poured out half and kindly, they filled with tea to attempt the Arnold Palmer...pucker pucker pucker pucker... I recommend it just so you can suffer the same fate I did. Its actually quite a funny experience except for the crazy heartburn because you just jammed some unholy concoction down your throat. And its like $3.50. I told them its too sour and they replied "people like it"...OK how about you make something "a lot of people will like, not just hipster/yuppies?"......insert blank stare from teen here

I really do hope they correct the issues they have because the tacos are decent, they do need to do something about the bland tortilla its in tho.

Final rating is 2 stars as the food was OK

Go see the Windy place at the SW corner two blocks to the east. It has ugly decor and has a little grease on the walls. But it STANDS higher than this place, way higher!