This is a restaurant having an identity crisis if there ever were one.  It's a Mexican (food) restaurant with the TV's of a sports bar, night club tables and chairs to ensure eating is uncomfortable and blaring classic rock (when I was there).  Service was also poor, but it was mid-afternoon on a Monday so perhaps I just hit it at a bad time.

Anyway, we'll go through all of the above one item at a time.

Food: my party of five had fajitas, tacos, enchiladas, and wings.  Two people in the party wanted burritos, but this Mexican restaurant has no burritos.... huh?  The food that they do serve was not bad; Americanized 'Mexican' but it was pretty reasonable in portions, taste and price.  Everyone was satisfied.  The chips and salsa were the highlight though; they had several options and the chips were hot.  Those stand out in my memory more than the run of the mill food.

Seating: there is one high top, you should fight for it if you want to eat.  The rest of the place are low couches surrounding low tables so everyone can awkwardly hunch over to eat and spill things everywhere.  It's like they had some leftover night club seating so decided to re-use it.

TV's:  they are everywhere.  There is also a sports news and scores ticker that runs the length of the place.  I guess they figure everyone in Vegas wants sports scores 24x7 so they did their best to make it look like a sports book.

Music: nope, not Mexican, it was best of the 70's and 80's classic rock when we were there.

BOOZE!!  Tried their original margarita, cadillac margarita and barrel aged margarita.  All were pretty light on the tequila and pretty heavy on the mixers.  We all gave up on trying to get drunk off their margaritas or we'd have ended up in a diabetic seizure.  The "Vegas Tea", which is really just a long island with a dumb name, is much better.  It's a pretty large glass of reasonably strong long island; we were all happy with those.

The place could really improve if it switched to music that matched the theme, pour the margaritas properly (use Hussong's Cantina at Mandalay as an example) and added burritos.  Seating, whatever, is what it is and I'll eat and booze somewhere I like regardless of seating.