I just moved to Pittsburgh from New Mexico and was excited to hear about this place. Unfortunately, it was not as good as I hoped. The cashier argued with my boyfriend over what kind of dried red chiles to buy, and harassed him when he was browsing the store (she yelled across the store: "Are you done yet? I already started ringing you up."). The house-made corn tortillas were bland and only with the help of a guy running a nearby taco stand (who did not work at Reyna's) did we find the right chiles... The cashier had no idea what we were asking for.

Then there was the Hatch green chile fiasco. Shortly after arriving here, I was searching for Hatch green chile in the area and found out Reyna's would be doing pre-orders. Hooray! I ordered and paid for some online. The website said they would be roasting at the store so I called to ask about it. I was told in a very rude manner that roasting would only happen at the pepper festival, which I would have to pay $7 per person to attend, just to get my chile and get it roasted. Okay, fine. The day before the festival I called the store to confirm that my actual pre-order would be available at the festival. I was mid-question when the clerk on the phone interrupted me: "What? ... Can you call back later, I'm really busy." WTF?

So I go to the festival to get my chile. The people at the roasting station seem confused when I present my pre-order receipt, but they eventually figure it out, telling me to come back later to get t because it isn't roasted yet. We walked around the festival for an hour then went back, and there is even more confusion over whether ours is ready. Finally they figure it out and give us the roasted chile. Hooray!

Oh wait though. We get home and open it up and... Apparently they don't know how to roast it correctly. We bought bulk roasted chiles in New Mexico every year and never had issues peeling it before freezing it. This chile they roasted? It's somehow completely mushy and falling apart, but has almost no visible char, and it's fucking impossible to remove the peel. It's horrible. 

So tl;dr - rude employees, both in person and on the phone. Little product knowledge. And absolutely no knowledge of how to roast green chiles, despite having a whole event around the chiles. I won't be going back.