What happened??  This used to be my favorite Mexican restaurant in Pittsburgh (and I've been to them all).  My favorite item was the tortilla soup, and I used to drive my husband crazy, because I'd get incredible cravings for it and would just HAVE to go Cuzamil at least once a week.  

The last few times I've been here, though, it's just gotten worse and worse, with my last visit the worst of all.  

I ordered my tortilla soup, as usual, and while it looked as delicious as always, it was completely watered down and flavorless.  So disappointing.  

I ordered one of the combination meals, with a taco, quesadilla, and chili relleno.  I am happy that the chili relleno is now an actual half green pepper with meat and cheese inside (it used to just be a sliver of a pepper buried under a pile of meat and cheese), so this is an improvement from the past.  But everything else was just bad.  My husband and friend complained that their meat was overly salty and burnt.  The chips were stale, the salsa bland, and the pop was flat.  My husband said there was "something wrong" with his Dos Equis.  

And every time, for the past year, whenever I request the fried ice cream dessert, I am informed that they are out of the fried ice cream. 

I don't usually complain about waitstaff.  They are usually just overworked kids getting paid poorly to deal with stupid people.  I don't really blame them for being unhappy or not very good at their jobs.  But the one waiter here, wow.  I want to ask him if he's being held captive there or something, because he looks and acts just so damn miserable, like you are ruining his life by being there and he is disgusted by your existence.  I have never seen a smile, gotten a thank you, a hint of small talk, or anything remotely in the neighborhood of good service from him.  

This place used to be so great, and I really don't know what happened.  Considering that we were the only customers in the entire place, I guess other people have realized it's gone downhill too.