So My husband and I wanted to take my Mom out to celebrate her promotion and she chose Blue Agave. She and my father and been once before with friends, and my Mom had been going on about their Bulldog Margaritas for weeks. 
We made the trip out there and when we arrived went straight to the bar. We walked right past the man who would be out server and took a seat. The restaurant was slow, only and handful of people at the bar and it didn't look like there was anyone in the dining room at all. It remained this way through out the night. So I am confused on why our service was so slow. While we waited for our server, my father noticed that another server had to make the gentlemen we almost walked right into aware of our presence. I guess we were hard to see, being at a bar table right near the kitchen and all. Through out the night service continued this way. A little tip, apparently you have to order a beer twice for it to arrive at your table, or at least that was the case for dear old Dad. 
The food was better then the service, but just barely. Charging 50cents a tortilla seems odd, but we went for it because we really wanted to try the agave butter. The butter was good, not mind blowing, but good, the tortillas were small. They can't even shell out the chips and salsa, so I'm not surprised that the portions were a tad on the small side, you get that feeling that they are just fighting to keep their doors open by charging you for every thing they can. I had the sante fe shrimp appetizer as an entree, along with a side salad. I enjoyed the shrimp, as well as the rice they were served over. My salad was nice, the cilantro dressing was boring, but I liked that they used Jimica in the salad. Dad ordered the Green Chili Cheese Burger, meh. My Mom and husband both had the enchilada style lasagna. After they each poured about half a bottle of the house made tapitillo on top it was pretty good. The server admitted that he too uses the hot sauce when he orders it, so they know its bland. Maybe they are trying to cater to the older crowd that seems to frequent the place? Spice is your friend people! 
We had tried to order another round of those bulldog margaritas before happy hour was over, cause they were most definitely the highlight of our meal. Our drinks were empty, our food was nearly gone, and our server had been MIA for awhile, so when we noticed it was 8 minutes until happy hour was over we flagged down another server and asked him to tell ours to order another round on happy hour prices. Well, the drinks came, but when we got our bill we noticed they were not on happy hour. We had meant to ask our server about this before he ran the bill, he should have mentioned that they were full price, but didn't. Well wouldn't you know, the only quick service he provided all night was swooping in snagging that bill of the table. He had ran the card before we even noticed he had picked up the check. Very stealthy. 
So basically I will be making my own bulldog margaritas at home.