11/16/10

Come here only for the margaritas!  And maybe the flan.  

We almost turned away, bec. Mom doesn't like "hole in the wall" places.  She's no food snob, but she does appreciate pretty spaces, and this place wasn't.  But we weren't here for the ambience-- we were here solely bec. a couple of my Charlotte Yelp friends recommended it!  Thank goodness my nephew was around; For some reason, he has this grounding effect on our Mom, and she rarely makes a fuss where we go, as long as he's there.  :)  (Thinking back, though, I don't think I'd like to take my nephew back to this part of town-- a bit seedy, and this was around 1p!)

First order of business: un frozen margarita ($5), por favor!  Second order of business, nos dan tortillas con salsa y guacamole (gratis), por favor!  Actually, give THEM some chips, I'll just take a few sips of the marg...  Nephew wanted a cheese quesadilla ($5.99); sis wanted a combo plate-- a chicken taco and a beef enchilada ($7.49), con arroz y frijoles refritos; and I one of those lovely-looking tortas Milanesa ($7.99) con pastor (seasoned grilled pork).  The margarita was good.  As usual, Mom and sis filled up on the free chips and salsa...  I heard that the cheese crisp was OK, too.  It was better-received than the taco/enchilada combo.  I don't think she finished any of it!  My torta looked good, but one bite of the bread and my hopes of a fantastic sandwich thrill went south of the border!  Having looked at prior food shots from other TA reviews, I was expecting this crusty telera bread w/ a soft interior, but no way, Jose!  No crispiness anywhere- just a soft roll.  Another proof that the photos here are deceiving (including the ones I've posted)- the meat portion was sorely lacking.  It's as if they stuff just enough meat in the center so that, when sliced, a cool food shot can be taken!  "Donde el res?!?!"  ("Where's the beef?!?!")

Ayayay, pero there was the yummy flan, which we all thought was pretty good, considering Mom and I make some mean flan ourselves!  Three Amigos' flan even looks like the ones our Mom used to crave for when she was pregnant w/ me-- slightly overcooked, w/ air pockets, and the edges crisped just so.  (Hmm... was I describing myself, or the flan?  LOL)  Well, this one had the air pockets.  The edges were of a firmer texture, and as we progressed to the center, it became slightly creamier.  

We may come back for another margarita and more flan, but not anytime soon.