I realize that this is a chain burrito place and I realize that expectations should not be the same as with a regular restaurant.  I didn't expect to be blown away by a fast-food burrito - I knew exactly what I was ordering.  If I was looking for a good authentic burrito I would have gone to one of Madison's many good Mexican restaurants, but sometimes you just want a quick burrito because it's nearly 9 and you've been battling the crowds trying to find that one hand lotion your mom likes.  Chipotle, Qdoda and Panchero's are all decent options that may not be stellar but are always pretty good.  Which makes me wonder how a place like Burrachos can be so bad.  It's not rocket science after all, it's burritos.

I was hesitant to return after the first time because the experience was not very good.  The menu board was a bit confusing and the staff were not at all helpful, but I wasn't expecting too much.  However I was expecting to have a decent burrito, and I was disappointed in what I received.  The rice was lumpy, the chicken cold and the salsa wasn't what I had ordered.  Maybe it was because they had just opened this location, or maybe this location is geared more for the lunch crowd (I came on a weekend night) but this didn't seem like a keeper.

I went back last night to give them another chance.  It ended up being worse than before.  Again, maybe I'm stopping by too late but if that's the case close before 9 PM then.  While the employee who ran the register was friendly, the dude making the burrito was just goddamn rude.  I worked closing shifts at restaurants too, and I know it kinda sucks when someone stops in 15 minutes before close, but that's no excuse to be an ass about it.  But I could have forgiven the attitude had I gotten a decent burrito.  Instead I get home to see an open-faced pile of rice, beans and beef.  The tortilla had split right down the middle.  I should have noticed something was wrong when the first guy had to double-wrap the thing in two sheets.  On top of the shoddy construction, he gave me the wrong damn salsa again.  

I want to like Burrachos.  It's a Wisconsin-based chain and they seem good to work for from what I've heard from friends that went to UW-Eau Claire.  I've been told the Sun Prairie location is consistently good, and my sole experience there was completely satisfactory.  But the Middleton location now has two strikes against it, and I'm not sure I'm willing to give them another shot.