We love the food here, the atmosphere is great and the wait staff is attentive and good at what they do. However, I had my husband's surprise birthday party there a few weeks ago and I was a little disappointed in what I got vs. what I was told. I made the reservations about 3 weeks in advance for about 20 people and asked if I could order appetizers and pitchers of margaritas instead of doing a sit-down dinner type party. The girl who took the reservation said that was fine and that I could order from the "happy hour menu" for the appetizers. I thought that was great and made the reservation.

 I called back about a week later to ask about the happy hour menu items and was transferred to Ryan, one of the managers. He gave me the break down of the happy hour menu, and I again confirmed with him that the reservation was in place and I could order from the happy hour menu. He said yes everything was in order and I could order from the happy hour menu. 

Again, 3 days before the big day, I was contacted by Ryan to confirm the reservation, I asked again about the happy hour menu and even asked about putting in the order ahead of time. He said I could just give my order to our server when we arrived. So I wrote down everything I wanted to order, even writing on the paper at the top "FROM THE HAPPY HOUR MENU" and wrote down how many of each item I wanted to order and gave it directly to the owner of the restaurant, not our server. 

 Everything went fine, the food was great, service was great......then the bill came! Holy Crap! It was about $120.00 more than what it should have been. When I asked our server about it, he checked with Ryan who said that he thought I had been told by the owner that it would be ok to order from the happy hour menu, but that she told him to ring up everything at the regular menu price! When I asked to speak with her, I was told she had just left for the evening. Really? If she had a problem with me ordering from the happy hour menu why didn't she say something about it when I handed her the paper and she was looking it over?  I have to say that Ryan did adjust the ticket somewhat by giving me a 10% discount, but all I wanted was for them to stand behind what they repeatedly promised me. Don't know that I will be going back there again. They really should stand by their word. Major disappointment!