Have you ever had a meal that leaves you equal parts full and unsatisfied? It happens to me all the time.   Here's the deal: When most people are starving they'll eat anything right?  Like, "Is there peanut butter or maybe some triscuits in the cupboard. Oh good, I'm starving. I'll eat those." 

I'm the opposite.  A very common exchange in my life is:

Me: I'm staaaaarving.  
Someone (slightly) more rational than I am: Um, there's a kitchen full of food right there.
Me: No, I'm starving! I need something really good! I can't waste this!

Yes, that's right. I don't like to "waste" hunger.  And that is exactly what I feel like I did at Café Rio.

After reaching full-on STARVATION MODE one Tuesday Night, I set my sights on Taco Tuesday and began to research.  Yes, this is how seriously I take my bouts of hunger. It involves research.  After reading Yelp it appeared that both Café Rio and Rubio's had $1.50 tacos but Café Rio was a couple miles closer and Rubio's only had fish tacos on special so we opted for Rio.

Upon walking up to the entrance, we realized were surrounded by children, which was curious. The place seemed like Chipotle-esque fast casual Mexican. Certainly kid friendly but it's not like there was a damn play place involved. We felt like we were at a day care. It was extremely confusing.  

So we get in line and have no idea what the hell is going on. It's hard to tell if they are an "order-off-the-menu" place or a "walk down the line and pick what you want you want" place. So I just shout three different types of meat at the guy behind the counter and hope for the best.  Finally, it appears like I've reached the portion of the line where I will be dressing my tacos. 

"Do you want lettuce and pico de gallo"
"Yes please"

No other questions followed.  I saw cheese. I saw beans. I saw rice.  Were any of these offered to me? No.  Finally when it became clear this was not a "point and get" situation, I asked the guy behind the counter if they had a hot salsa.

"We have our Salsa Fresca, it's the hottest we have, and it's FREE!"

Um, yes I would assume it's free considering you are a MEXICAN RESTAURANT and it is a side of SALSA. 

Lance and I both got 3 tacos, I got an iced tea, and our bill was $16.23.  Now, I wasn't a math major, but that doesn't sound like $1.50 tacos to me. Turns out only one of the tacos we got was on special ($1.75, actually, though I did get my $1.50 number from Yelp so that's not their fault).  Grilled chicken and steak were not on special. All of the sudden, Rubio's started sounding really good.

We chose a corner table and proceeded to feed our starvation (did I mention that we were STARVING) while some Adderall-ridden 5 year old danced about 3 feet away from us.  Yes, I said dance. Girl was jumping up and down like she was at a damn Ke$ha concert with absolutely no regard for the people around her, which was probably just as well because we were too busy stuffing our faces with dry chicken, diced tomatoes posing as pico-de-gallo, and lettuce.  One thing I will say is the tortillas were delicious.

We go to leave and see a sign by the register: Children 6 and Under Get a Free Quesadilla.  Aha, mystery solved.  Probably the most satisfying part of our visit.

Moral of the story: There's a Chipotle across the street.  There's a Rubio's two miles away.  There's probably freaking peanut butter and Triscuits in your cabinet.  All of these would be better options than wasting your hunger on this place. Unless you're under 6 in which case, quesadilla party at Cafe Rio.