I'd heard good things from friends and co-workers about Los Olivios Norte, and given the pleasant surprises I'd found in Scottsdale's Mexican dining options at Some Burros, Juan y Jaime's, and Habanero's (all recommended by the same people), I figured that it would be a slam dunk.  As you can see from my star rating, this wasn't the case.

We went on an unassuming Wednesday night, and were seated immediately.  Chips and salsa were brought over immediately, and while the chips were light and crunchy and appropriately chip-ish, the salsa was served in a bottle with a carafe-style neck.  For those who have never had chunky salsa in one of these things, let me explain what happens: all of the run-off liquid piles on your plate, while the tomatoes, onions and solids sit in the bottle, laughing at you.  Once we got the solid bits out, though, the salsa turned out pretty good.

Our waitress must have been under the impression that the 3/4ths-empty dining area that we were sitting in was full.  She rarely came by, and we sat with our orders ready (and menus stacked) for at least five minutes before she came by.  One of the requests was that a bottle of Carta Blanca be brought with the meal.  This was emphasized three times to her during the order.  With.  The.  Meal.  Instead, it came with the waters, a good 15 minutes BEFORE the meal.

The food itself was serviceable, if a bit uninspired.  I got the mini sampler platter, and found the meat to be under-seasoned, and the enchilada hiding under the refried beans.  Reports of the other dishes varied from "it's okay" to "not bad."

Back to the service: the waitress' second and final appearance was when she delivered the bill.  No dessert offerings or a stop by to see if we liked the food.  We saw the busboy, who delivered the chips and salsa, brought the drinks, and cleared the table, more often than we saw her.

If I was living in certain parts of the East Coast where they have no idea what Mexican food is beyond a Taco Bell, I would say that this place isn't bad.  But given the poor service and superior options in the immediate area, Los Olivios Norte just isn't worth it.