We've ordered delivery here multiple times without any issues. Today, issues! I got the route 87 burger and asked to have it without mayo (which was correct when I got it) and also coleslaw (fries were delivered instead). My husband got the Texas Burger and we got a Carne asada burrito for later. 

We already knew that it would take about 45 to an hour to be delivered as it states when you make the purchase, as we did and got confirmation around 1:14pm today. So it literally did take about an hour for our order to get here and what do you think the food was?.. well cold of course. The burrito was warm because it was wrapped up in foil but still, who likes cold food?

I went to open up my brown bag that contained my burger and instead of what I expected I saw fries!! My husband checked his, just in case they put the coleslaw in his and nope.. fries!

After the disappointment in wanting coleslaw as we put in our order; cold burger, soggy fries (I had one to just have it). 

So I called in and let them know what had happened, and I was told that when the delivery drivers come back they would come back and deliver what I ordered.. my coleslaw.

Okay, so all is fixed right? No. I waited and waited and well, waited, and wait... no coleslaw? Yes that is correct! I literally waited 1hr to call back as there was no coleslaw in sight! (Originally called at 2:11pm to see what happened and again around 3:06pm.. was tired of waiting)

When I called back in a women answered and yet again I told them what had happened and she tried to call one of the delivery drivers and they would not answer. Hmmm. So anyways, I told her I just wanted my coleslaw as I originally ordered and that it has been over an hour, we are literally right around the corner, where is my coleslaw?

She then said as soon as they get back (heard it all before) I'd get my coleslaw.. then I was told that on my next order I would get 20% off. Hmm so no coleslaw, but if and I mean IF I decide to get delivery I'll get this amount off? We'll see if that even happens.

I do plan on getting their food again, but next time would be dine in as this experience has really turned me off about them.

Honestly, they are probably about 5 minutes away from me, so if I decide to dine in, I hope that they honor what they have said and if not I will never eat their food again.

I know it wasn't a huge mess up, but the way it was handled I believe was wrong and I am still craving the coleslaw that I never got. The principle about fixing an order reins high in my mind and as it was not corrected I am utterly disappointed.