I started off with every intention of a good review about this place, because the food was amazing and because I love to give props to local joints popping up in Sky Harbor. 

I had the carnitas burrito minus the pico de gallo (ew tomatoes) and it was phenomenal. The perfect size. The perfect combination and proportion of ingredients. Carnitas that made me want to marry it. 

There was a long wait for tables so I ordered my food to go. I put my name in as well but had already eaten because I was starving. I sat at a table ready to crank out some work while waiting for a flight. 

Getting into a table with a carry on and a laptop bag is nearly impossible. I don't know why restaurants in airports continue to do this. This is a new restaurant. I really wish they had gotten it right.

When my server arrived, I notified him that I had ordered no more than 20 minutes ago, but that tables weren't available at the time, and that since I was already finished, I'd just like a glass of water. 

After 5 minutes he came back with my water and informed me in a very condescending manner that when the wait for tables filled up again, he would have to ask me to leave, because even though I ate while tables were not available,  I was not considered a paying customer.  

This is where the stars dropped to three. Why 2 then?

If he was serious, that's bullshit. If he was saying it to clear the table, it's still bullshit. And that's exactly what I did. As soon as I got to a stopping point I got up and left. No one said see you again soon. No one said have a good flight. In fact, I heard him laugh as I walked away. 

I'm sorry, but in an airport, you need to be sensitive to why someone is sitting in your restaurant. Sometimes it's because it's the only decent choice. Sometimes it's because they arrived batshit early scared to miss their flight. And sometimes, it's because their flight is delayed a few hours and they don't want to sit on a crappy airport chair. Or there isn't even one of those available.  Most of those scenarios are not good. You have a captive audience. People aren't driving from downtown Phoenix to Sky Harbor to eat at the airport Blanco and go home immediately after. And if I am starving and I order take out because a table is not available but still want to sit, don't be an ass.

I love your food, but the service is enough that I'll go elsewhere next time. It may even drive me to a chain restaurant down the hall.