HOLA! Greeted as if you were in "Mexico" Jose Cuervo's Tequileria tries to make you feel 'at home'here at the end of the C Terminal of the Las Vegas, McCarran Airport near Gate C16.

Ironically (and with good reason since its Jose Cuervo's Restaurant), the tequila choices are limited to Jose Cuervo Tequilas...

They play some good Spanish language music to put you in the mood to drink excessively and the food is extra tasty (meaning salty) to help induce thirst. What more can you expect to get in an airport in Las Vegas, Nevada. I ordered an "Asada" burrito with "steak" and got shredded beef, lettuce, cheese and salsa wrapped up in a warm tortilla. It is clear that their interpretation of Spanish words is questionable, but in the end, I was hungry and it was tasty (meaning salty) and had I been on a weekend long drinking binge in Sin City, I would have needed a burrito of this caliber to get me back to reality. Truly the one thing that doesn't stay in Vagas are the ailments (or diseases) which you acquire there.  

I ordered something simple, a beer, and was coerced into buying a 4 dollar Cuervo Silver Tequila Shot. I got the shot pretty quick, and began to sip on it... but the beer took about 20 minutes due to "keg" issues. Understandable, but I didn't get any "we're sorry" discount - Whatever, how often will I ever be here?

Overall, it's good if you have a two hour layover, in the Las Vegas McCarran Airport at Gate C16, but then, it's an airport and expecting an excellent restaurant with excellent service and selection is like asking for world peace: many will try, but it sure as hell will never happen. There is Wi-Fi available also if you want to catch up with your life while living your imaginary one in Vegas. And there is nothing more awesome than busting out your laptop and chatting with the world while enjoying a beer at the Las Vegas airport - I hear people really respect that. 

Beer + a shot + Tax and Tip = $15, I guess they never stop robbing you in this town. Burrito was $7 and about the size of a glorified spring roll.