We tried Las Tarascas again on Sunday July 19 and while the service through out the meal was great we were not impressed by the food as we had been by the appetizers we tried the week before.  We started with the complimentary bean dip & salsa & a small plate of chiles toreados.  The bean dip was very runny like a thick soup with no flavor and the salsa was a roasted thin salsa with a smokey flavor of which we were not fans of.  We asked for the hot salsa which we liked much better.
The roasted chiles and red onions were a hit as we like the sweetness of the red onion with the hot spicy chiles.  The soup soon came and it was as good as our first visit, lots of fideo and flavor, of course we added a little lime to it for more flavor. We had the chilaquiles verdes, 2 item combo & beef burrito plate.  I had my chilaquiles with 2 eggs over easy and it came out with hard cooked eggs and they took it back to get me the eggs over easy.  It came back perfect the second time but the chilaquiles were very wet and runny.  I took some chips from the table to soak up the sauce and also give it the little crunch I like in the dish.  The green salsa did not have much flavor & the rice and beans were terrible, The rice had no flavor and we all 3 would swear that the beans came from a can. Ignacio had the 2 item combo which was a tacos dorados and the chile relleno.  He was not happy as none of his food had any real flavor.  The relleno was just a piece of greasy white cheese inside a flat lifeless chile with a red sauce on top.  Ignacio did not touch the beans or rice. He was very dissapointed.  Uriel had a beef burrito.  While he said the beef was good and it was loaded with beef he wondered how they called it a burrito as it looked more like an rolled taco as you can see in the pic.  The ends were open and he also did not touch the beans or rice.
Overall we just were not impressed with the food here especially when you take into consideration the prices.  The prices may be in line with some other mexican restaurants but the quality of the food needs great improvement if this place is going to survive. The food needs to have some flavor and everything needs to be freshly made.  This is a tough location that has seen 5 restaurants come and go in the 6 years we have lived in this area.  The last mexican restaurant only lasted 4 months.
There is a ton of mexican restaurants in this town and a few good ones in this area but if Las Tarascas is going to make it, it needs to improve one the quality of food it is dishing out.

The Three Amigos