This was our second attempt to try this place out.  We came a few weeks ago on a Friday night and it was over a two hour wait.  Today, completely different story. We walked in and were seated right away. We got here around one.  As we walked up to the restaurant there were a bunch of people waiting outside and I was afraid it was for Barrio Queen. But turns out it was for LoLos Chicken and Waffles.  

First impressions I love the decor.  You'll see the pictures from others.  Bright and lively. Indicative of Mexico.  What I didn't love was the dead fly behind my husbands head in the window sill.  Small details.  

I forgot today was Dia de Los Muertos. All the girls had face paint on. They all looked good but face paint creeps me out.  Our waitress was very quiet. Not very engaging.   My husband ordered a Bloody Mary and asked for it to not be too spicy.  Well that was a miss.  He couldn't drink it.  For me it was fine but not to his liking.  

We got the chips and salsa.  Personally we liked the chips. They were thicker chips and unsalted.  Thank goodness because you'll find out in a minute why.  The salsa had good flavor to it.  

I decided to order the "world renowned" table side guacamole.  Don't let the price scare you.  At $10.75 I didn't know what to expect.  Now for $10.75 you would expect some interaction from the server.  I guess expectation goes hand in hand with assumption.  We had non.  So we were asked if we wanted everything in it.  We didn't know what that was so we asked.  Avocado, onion, jalapeño, cilantro, tomato.  Is what we were told. They didn't mention salt and pomegranate.  Remember I said the chips were unsalted?  Well the salt  put in the guac made up for the no salt chips. Two teaspoons of salt in the guac. My hands were so swollen after but the flavor of the guac was really good.  

My husband ordered the pulled chicken tacos.  You get 3 tacos for $10.00. No rice and beans.  Sides are $3.00 each. No refried beans here. Black beans.   My husband picked one taco up and it fell apart after the first bite. That was it for him.  He got turned off after that.  He finished his meal but these weren't tacos that you could just pick up and eat. You had to strategically handle them with care.  The other thing he said was that they were too small.  

I ordered the chicaquiles with red chili.  Flavor was great but there was no chili.  It was more like enchilada sauce.   Can't really elaborate too much more here.  I ordered my eggs over medium and those were cooked perfectly.   I'm glad I ordered the guac because I wasn't into eating the chips covered in enchilada sauce. This was really disappointing because I was really looking forward to eating chili.  

I guess this place is banking on the colorful ambiance and plates to overturn the misses happening on the plates.  This is not a place for those with a faint palate.  The menu is more for those who don't mind adventure.  

Our bill came to $48.00. I have never paid that for a lunch. The only thing that really saved the day was the fact that my husband was able to watch the Cardinal game while we we there.    Would I go back again?  For the table side guac and colorful atmosphere?  Yes. But not because the meal will draw me back.