NO! NO! NO! Don't bother eating here you will regret YOUR entire meal! First comes the chips and salsa which was ok then our lunch arrived I ordered the BIG Beef Chimichanga PLATE my mom ordered the 2 Tamale Special plate and my aunt ordered the Fajitas to be safe, cause who can @!$! Up Fajitas? Right? Well after our meal got to the table and waiting 30 minutes and they weren't even busy my plate was alright bland tasting shredded beef with watery  sour cream and watery guacamole and lettuce beans and rice was meh, moms tamales (1 pork and 1 chicken) were like small 2" ok Maybe 3" small tamales which were smothered in green and red sauce which she said was nothing to write home about she's had better was dry and beans were also dry at the ends like it was dried out, my aunt had the fajitas that she thought couldn't be $&@" up ! Well it was sweet and it sizzled on her hot plate for like less then a minute which she complained thru out the entire meal how bad it was and how they messed this one up so badly by making it taste sweet. The hostess came around and asked how we liked our meals we had to be honest and asked her why the fajita was sweet she said oh cause they add pineapple and orange juice ughhh last time I checked on a AUTHINTIC fajita recipie  it doesn't call for pineapple or oj? What were they trying to create a fajita drink ala meal? Yuck way too sweet! And about the only good thing we got out of this restaurant was the staff working there everything else was just ok! We should've saw the red flags go up when we saw that the place was empty at lunch time and the majority of the people eating weren't Mexicans or Spanish. I won't be returning here ever! I'm only being honest when I say this... If you want to eat at a cheaper and AUTHINTIC Mexican outlet trust me when I say this go to ROBERTOS TACO SHOP at least there you know your getting FAST, AFFORDABLE AND GREAT AUTHINTIC FAST MEXICAN FOOD plus watch all the Mexicans / Spanish customers that go there to eat, you know it's a good place when all the Mexican/Spanish  people are eating there 24hrs a day!  My final review for this restaurant is lose the sweetness in your fajitas just make it taste normal no tweaking it with pineapple and oj and finally give more portions of rice and beans for gods sake  it's only rice and beans for crying out loud you'll be surprised how much more appealing your plates would look like with a tad more portions of beans and rice... I'm just saying...