The décor is pretty horrible - s**t-brown walls, floor to ceiling (and high ceilings so a lot of it), none of the usual bright, cheerful, Mexican colors, just ugly throughout.  So, that doesn't make for good dining ambiance.
 
Service was terrible.  There seemed to be a lot of people in Mi Pueblo uniforms wandering about, but not actually doing anything.  Although chips and salsa (not fiery enough for our tastes) were placed on our table almost immediately, we had to wait a good 10 minutes before we managed to flag down a passing employee who went to look for a waiter.  Another 5 minutes passed before our waiter approached.  

We ordered margaritas - a monster one with an extra shot of tequila and a regular one, on the rocks with salt.  We weren't asked if we had a tequila preference.  The margaritas were brought to the table fairly quickly, together with a glass of water which we had requested.  Let's just say I have had better margaritas.   

The food didn't take long to come out of the kitchen.  Steak fajitas and enchiladas de lujo (one each of chicken, beef, cheese and beans).  Only two flour tortillas with the fajita platter (I wasn't asked if I wanted flour or corn tortillas), as well as a plate of refried beans with shredded cheese, Mexican rice and a tortilla basket with some shredded lettuce, a tomato slice, a dollop each of sour cream and avocado (which was like the so-called guacamole you get in tubs in the grocery store, and which was not fresh as it had discolored from being out in the light for too long).  No plate, so had to hold a tortilla in one hand, while filling it with the other.  The steak was really chewy and dry and not very flavorful, onions and peppers were sparse, and I didn't see any tomatoes.  I asked for some corn tortillas, which, together with a good dose of salsa, helped give the fajitas a bit of flavor.   

The enchiladas plate looked a mess.  Actually it looked like a load of shredded lettuce with a couple of dollops of that sour cream stuff plopped onto it.  Underneath all of the lettuce were the enchiladas.  They were okay, nothing special, a bit sloppy.  But really all that lettuce thrown on the top was off-putting - not something you want mixed up with hot food.  I still don't know what the "fresh enchilada sauce" was as I couldn't see it and the taste was indeterminate. 

To be honest, we were sceptical about going to Mi Pueblo as our experience with these types of "theme" restaurants hasn't been great, but we had a money-off coupon.  As it is, we won't be returning - there are plenty of good, more authentic (what, no macaroni, jerk chicken, pineapple??) Mexican restaurants in Charlotte.