6/4/15

Cute bar (with lime lighting on the underside of the counter).  Appreciated the purse hooks on the counter wall underneath, as well.  Nice patio seating and bar placement.  It's rare that I feel out of place dining at a restaurant; Although the clientele that day was a multi-generational mix, I felt that the restaurant is leaning towards a younger crowd with their young bartenders, servers, and manager-on-duty.  

I ordered a Skinny B margarita (made with house tequila- Sauza Reposada?- fresh lime juice, and agave syrup) and the chicken enchiladas, subbing flour tortillas for the corn tacos, for happy hour ($2 off specific cocktails, beer, and wine specials, as well as appetizer and taco specials).  Complimentary chips and salsa fresca-- I was the first guest to ask for flour tortilla chips and try them here!  The chips and salsa were good, and so was the margarita.  I DID NOT care for the enchiladas at all; the green sauce (was that were all the spinach went?} was almost unpalatable.  Don't know why I ate as much as I did- around half of the two rolls.  Did not bother taking the rest home.  I also tried the bread pudding, which came with strawberries and a sweetened tequila sauce.  It wasn't anything special, but it was very warm and the sauce creamy, which is something I look for in a bread pudding. The dessert rang under $7 and was the largest serving I ordered at S&L.  I ate about 1/6 of the serving and took the rest home.  It's still sitting in the fridge, untouched.  Probably should just toss it away, as it's been four days...

Didn't feel well by the time I arrived home, and I went straight home and did not pass go.  It's not the first time I had half of a cocktail/glass of wine after getting a massage, but I'm sure it had to do with the combo of tequila and everything I ate; Possibly the green enchiladas and/or the tequila components of both the margarita and bread pudding, who knows?  Maybe I'll give Salt & Lime another go, but it won't be anytime soon.