Although the LV Blvd location is now closed, I've now been to all 3 TEG's in town...and in my opinion, they are still one of the most overrated and overhyped joints in town. 

For starters, this location has so much potential and I just can't understand what they are doing here. From just Yelp tips and seeing the place by driving by, I know they've been working on getting this location open for at least 10 months or longer. If you haven't been here yet, this new setup is in an old gas station...yes, the entire gas station is now a restaurant. Well, not quite yet actually. Even after almost a year of working on opening this location, they only have a very tiny portion of it open. There are a whopping 12 booths available to sit at. TWELVE! And if you've ever been to a TEG before, you know it's almost always busy and can be a big pain to grab a seat.

That also brings me to my next issue with El Gordo. Because they can get so busy, it can take a ridiculous amount of time to grab food, especially if you want different meats or items, and if you have a couple people with you. When you finally get your food, you then have to move to what will probably be another long line at the cash register. Your food is likely getting cold by that time, and if not, it will almost certainly be cold as you're standing around waiting for a table. The whole thing is just one big mess and makes me dread going here. Other similar restaurants are able to make this process much less frustrating, I don't get why TEG can't do the same.

When it comes to the food, it's always so hit and miss that I just can't see what the fuss is all about. Sure, the al pastor is decent, but there's much better in town. Plus, unless you get lucky with someone decent behind the knife, you're probably going to end up with a portion nightmare. Every time I've visited a TEG, one taco is loaded with meat, the other has barely any, then they're drenched in sauce but super skimpy on the fixins (onion, cilantro, pineapple, etc). And on this particular visit to the new location, my tortillas were way overcooked and tasted stale like they had been sitting out a while. The onions and cilantro also appeared to have been sitting out for a while, and they forgot my requested pineapples...dang it!

While pricing isn't terrible, the tacos are pretty small and I can easily spend over $10 just by myself. But that's just about the set price for any taco joint, so no real complaints there. They also seem to do a decent job at keeping this location clean, which is a major plus in my eyes. But with what is just ok food and a frustrating ordering system, TEG barely hits the 2.5 star mark for me.