We lived in Apache Junction 1995-2002 and Los Gringos Locos had already opened and we tried it once and never went back. The next ten years we lived in central Mexico in a wonderful artsy historic community called San Miguel de Allende, before having to move back to the US for medical reasons. We actually like our Mexican food a bit gringoized, so the name of this restaurant grabbed us.

Los Gringos Locos is very close to us and we saw their ads that they had brunch on weekends, so we decided to try it out.

So sorry we did, the service was horribly bad. The booth tables are so flimsy and crowded that we were pushing ours around like a coffee table that wouldn't stay in place whenever we shifted our elbows.

We finally got chips and an okay pico de gallo, though there was never any question of whether we'd like a chips refill, and the empty bowl sat there by the edge of our table, waiting to be picked up or refilled, for at least half an hour until we were almost done eating while various bus boys and our waiter sauntered by without looking down or around. Most places all the service people look at the customers to see if something is needed; not here. I finally piled straw wrappers and Splenda envelopes into the empty bowl so that it looked over-ready to be picked up and finally it was.

It took 15 minutes from our finishing our coke and iced tea before our waitress asked if we wanted refills. Hey, our food hasn't even arrived yet--ya think? 

It was Sunday morning and various tables and booths near us were church goers who held hands and prayed loudly over their food, which always arrived long before the silverware. Same with us--we had to request our forks and napkins.

Our waitress was a sloppy grouch to start with, just as well she disappeared most of our visit. I would have liked being asked how things were so that I could request some hot sauce before I was two-thirds done with my meal. 

I got a green chili chimichanga which I actually liked a lot. Let that not be forgotten in this mostly negative review. I'd come back for this dish alone, and there were other things on the menu I'd like to try. Maybe on my own. My partner ordered a shredded beef chimachanga and she said the meat filling was kind of gelatinous, like from a really cheap Chinese dive. She was disappointed for a long time afterward while I was licking my lips long afterwards.

The two burrito platters and cokes came to $35 with taxes--we could have gone to PF Chang's or the Cheesecake Factory and had decent chain food for that price. Serrano's has better food for much less money.

Over-priced, lousy service, erratic food quality, and the whole place was so noisy, with a screaming baby punctuating the praying and loud conversations bouncing off the too-bare walls, that we won't be going back. Too bad, we'll drive the eight miles more to Serrano's on Power and Superstition Springs. Still, those huevos rancheros sounded good, though, and I'd like another green chili chimichanga some day. I'd ask for a table, and look around to make sure no prayer group was convening nearby, and have really low expectations on service.