I'm putting my newest update at the top for a change.  C4..is...UGH!  I've never been so frustrated with a place before in my life.  Nor have I ever given so many chances to a place before in my life.  Why do I do it?  Maybe because I think it has potential?  But I'm down to the last chance.  I'm giving the roof deck (yet) another shot when it reopens and thats it.

My most recent experience here was for the UYE.  Of course there were tables that were missing chairs.  I'm used to that.  (On a previous trip the little leather chairs were at regular sized tables and I literally fell into one)  We managed to snag a couch seat after a bit and of course the glasses the people before us left behind were never bussed off the table.  (This has happened to be me several times at C4)  My friend ordered the Yelparita, while $1 for a pint is great, its just basically tequila and sour mix.  She gave the bartender a $20, he didn't have change, and in fact did not get her change for another 2 HOURS!  We actually would have left sooner if the bartender didn't disappear for 20 minutes and we were waiting for the change.  (Seriously, we were the only people in the bar area)

Hungry (it was 5:30) and wanting to try the appetizers and the new summer menu we grabbed some menus.  (Because nobody offered them to us  I took it upon myself to grab a few)  We sat there FOR AN HOUR with the menus and nobody cared to ask us if we wanted anything.  Do they not serve food in the bar?  If so could someone have mentioned that?  It was ridiculous. Finally we just left because we were absolutely starving.  

I have always felt that C4 was hit or miss.  And I realized last night that the few times it was "hit" wasn't because it was fantastic of the food was stellar...it was just because nothing went wrong!  I was at the pool one afternoon, and while the music was loud and annoying, we were at least served and had a fun time.  Best time ever? No.  Would I go back to hang by the pool?  Probably not.  Dinner on Valentines Day was just ok....nobody was served in the wrong glass and no entrees were dropped but the food was just average.  I can't give stars based on good experiences being the kind of experiences where things don't go wrong.  

Original Review:
I hit up C4 for the Yelp event and I did enjoy myself....however this was after about 4 drinks at FEZ.  

Its not really your typical hotel lounge, its more of a bar.  (Even in comparison to other boutique hotel lounges, like the Charlesmark in Boston, I have to say it doesn't give you that relaxed hotel lounge feeling.)   It stands in stark contrast to other places I've been to downtown such as Roosevelt and Lost Leaf.    I hate to say it but I felt like it was generic trendy...almost amateur.  (The paint job was shoddy and the ladies room was pretty atrocious.  I remarked to my husband that it reminded me of the bathroom at his fraternity house.  Not a good thing). I didn't sample any of the apps, although they looked great and I know *some* people were very excited about the vegetarian options.  ;)  The Asian pear martini was delicious though.  Delicious and dangerous.  I did order one Vodka/Red Bull and the bartender tried to psyche me out telling me it was $22.  Oh, and they should also try to secure their Pokemon paintings to the wall better.  

I don't know.  For me it has a bit of an identity crisis.  Not quite a hotel lounge, not a dive bar, not quite a trendy spot.  What are you C4?!


Update:

I hate when I have to update a place and take away a star.  I really do.  But I have no choice in this case and I think I'm being generous only taking away one star and not two.

My recent experience here was horrible.  The service was awful, my drink took forever to come out (despite the fact the place was less than half full) and the food was just plain bad.  My chicken was sliced incredibly thin and somehow the noddles I ordered instead of rice never made it to the plate.  The sushi was no better than what you would get at Costco.