We (my friends and I) really only go here on Tuesday nights for their 99 cent taco Tuesday special. My friends had been going here forever for this special and we decided to make it a weekly thing. This has been going on for a while now and I've since tried all their tacos. I'm sad to say that most of them are just "okay". The one that stands out above the rest is the shredded beef taco. The beef is seasoned well and is tasty.
One time we went I didn't feel like eating tacos so I got their steak burrito. It was not very good. The rice that came with my combo was bland and barely edible. I actually left most of the burrito and all of the rice on my plate. I left feeling unimpressed and still hungry. Another time I got the chicken achiote salad. It was delicious. If you decide to eat here, it's probably the only thing I would recommend. Other than the daily specials they run, this place is pretty expensive for the quality. That salad and a bottled mexican Coca Cola ran me more than $10. Same thing for the burrito combo. The tacos seem to be the only economical choice they offer.

No matter how good the service is I don't think that I would ever give Chico's 5 stars, but they lost a 3rd star from me because the last 3 times I've been in there, the older lady who works at night on Tuesday has goofed up my order. Yes, 3 times. 3 weeks in a row my order was messed up. I don't know if maybe she is new and hasn't gotten the hang of it yet, or if she just wasn't paying attention to me when I was placing my order. I could understand more why my order was goofed if I had ordered something ridiculous with lots of substitutions, but I didn't. The last time my order was messed up it took them 15 mins AFTER they realized their mistake to remedy the situation. By that time my friends were all done eating the 3 tacos they had ordered. I don't mean to make it sound like a bigger deal than it is, but because my order was messed up so many times it makes it hard for me to want to continue giving them my business, especially since I'm not that crazy about their food in the first place. 

I'm sure I'll be back again, as tacos are really the highlight of an otherwise boring Tuesday. But if my order gets messed up again I think I'll just suggest to friends that we do taco Tuesday at another Mexican restaurant. That'll probably take some convincing though, they love this place. I'm still trying to figure out why.