The food is great! But the service is sub-par (super friendly, but SLOW), and it's a bit more pricey than it's worth (their prices have gone up in the last year). I will not be going back after tonight. My chimichanga was supposed to come with sour cream -- there was less than a tablespoon's worth on the plate, whereas there was probably 3-4 times as much guacamole on the plate. I'd expect a relatively equal amount of sour cream. I pointed this out to both the server and the server assistant and asked for a little bit more (and it took far too long to actually get more sour cream).

I got charged for the sour cream ($1.50), so I asked for it to be removed when I went to pay at the counter. The manager asked "what was wrong with the sour cream" and I repeated my complaint and said that I didn't ask for nor need the 1/2 cup of sour cream that they brought me. I just wanted what ought to have come with my dinner.

The manager ended up taking off 1/2 of the cost. So I still paid .75 cents. Now, I know it's that much money, and that wasn't the point of asking for it to be taken off. It's the principle of the thing. I paid $15.99 for a chimichanga that was supposed to come with beans, rice, guacamole, and sour cream. I don't think it's too much to ask to get more than a micro-dollop of sour cream. Had my meal not come with sour cream, I would have ordered it and happily paid the $1.50.

I was not expecting an attitude from the manager over $1.50, especially when I had a $95 bill. (If I was going to complain and lie about something, I would have complained about something worth more money.) What's more, when a server came up to the counter (not my server), she asked him in Spanish if he'd "served that girl sour cream." Like I was lying or something? (And like this white girl can't possibly understand Spanish.) I rarely ask for a bill adjustment, having been a server for so many years, but I've never gotten a rude pushback like this before over a measly buck fifty. To me, that says a lot about how they do business, and I for one don't appreciate it. We won't be back.