Thank goodness I purchased a Groupon, because this place is not worth the prices listed. I get it, you're in Summerlin and I've heard the prices are just as high at their Downtown location... but for the quality of the food, they should be lower.

Restaurants sometimes have the enormous 10 page menus, and Casa in fact does. It's a little too much with the stories and photos. If I wanted to read a book, I would go to the library. Unfortunately I was hungry. We walked in and were seated in a 2 seater mini table close to the Frida wall. My son knows about art, and knows Frida, as well as Diego Rivera, so this was pretty cool. We got to look at the prints whilst waiting for the server. I took a look at the 30 page menus and tried to decide what to order. The menu is Bilingual, and I speak and read Spanish, but for some it may be tedious. Some descriptions about the food is not on there so you either have to Google it or ask. 

It seems like the server for our section was the server for 2 others as well. The others seated after were asked for their drink order before we were, and it's probably because of the order of the tables... but still... we were waiting at least 5 minutes more than they were. Either way, we got our order in. 

I decided on the fajitas that included shrimp, chicken, and steak. My son went with a burger (basically because I make him the other items on a daily basis) we were given chips, bean dip, and salsa. My son was starving so he attacked the salsa and said it was good. The chips were pretty tasty as well. Our food eventually came out and my one request was that I did not want peppers in the fajita mixture, also, the same couple who was served their drinks first, also got their food before we did.

ANYWAY! Our food came out and the server left. I looked at my sons and it looked like your typical burger, the taste was good, and it wasn't cold so that's a plus. The fries included were thinner fries and were delicious as well... Now.. my food. Being that I ordered fajitas sans peppers I was ok with onions. I looked and there was about 4 pounds of onions. Now I like onions, just not the amount that was included... it was more like meat with my onions. Not only that, but they were caramelized to death, which was pretty disgusting after the 4th bite. The lettuce included was also brown and wilted. The steak, was cooked to death, it was also caramelized, the shrimp, the few that was included was were also on the tough side, and the few pieces of chicken I got were ok. 

The total was around $30ish, and we only ordered waters. I was going to go for desert, but, the plethora of onions killed my stomach and appetite.  I would've said something, but, our server was always running around and not in our area. I ended up with HELLA left overs, unfortunately when you try to cook food that is overcooked, the outcome is bad.

Meh.