I don't drive up and down W. Tropicana Ave that often, so it is not surprising that I have never noticed that a taco truck would be operating in the parking of Showtime Car Wash on selected evenings.  On a recent Saturday, I was here to check out this new to me West side taco truck as part of an organized street taco crawl around Las Vegas with many other Yelpers.

The food truck overall looks new and kept clean.  The two man crew making the orders to order are pros and kept up with the Yelp rush like no body's business. Looking over their menu, I noticed that their price is probably tied for being the lowest for their tacos (almost everything is $1.50 except Lengua (Tongue) and Tripa (Tripe) which are $2 a piece).

As the event is billed as The Al Pastor Tacolympics, it was a no brainer that I had to order an Al Pastor taco with pineapple.  I also ordered their Cabeza (Cow's Head Meat) taco as I was pretty hungry, just to round it out, but still forced myself to not order any more so I can pace myself for the rest of the pit stops we were expected to make if we kept to the plan.

The wait for my order of the tacos was minimal and was ready sooner than I had expected.  The Al Pastor taco looked good, but the pineapple seems like it wasn't grilled at all, the Cabeza taco looked just okay.  But the main test was the taste test, and the Al Pastor seems lacking in flavor and the Cabeza was rather dried.  Their salsa and condiment bar helped but overall I was not impressed at all.

Why you should check this place out (assuming it is open at this location on the night you want to check them out)?  The main reasons would have to be your immediate proximity to this location and their pricing.  Otherwise, get in your car and drive NE to other taco stands that offer mucho better tacos for 50 cents more.

Besides tacos, they of course also offer burritos, tortas, and quesadillas on their menu. For something to wash it all down, they have your typical bottled water, canned sodas, and their Horchata.

Oh, expect to stand and eat or go a bit more upscale and enjoy your tacos in the comfort of your car.  What ever you decide, just be courteous to others and dispose of your trash in the provided trash receptacles. 

Parking is where you can find a spot, on the street or in the lot, as long as you are not obstructing traffic.

2 star-ish.

Review #13 of 2014