First, I walked in with my husband and three 11 year olds, and the hostess asked me if I had a reservation.  ???? For a Mexican Restaurant ????  We had just attended the International Festival, and wanted to treat our children to a trip downtown for dinner.  We chose this because most kids like Mexican food, it was convenient to the parking garage, and we were trying to beat the convention crowd.  We ordered cheese dip, and none of my children liked it because it had a "meat flavor" - ham I think - YUCK!  Secondly, the hostess said they didn't have a children's menu printed, but had one that the waitress could tell us about.  Our waitress didn't know anything about it.  She told us that our children would have to order off the menu.  They only wanted a chicken enchilada, and a cheese enchilada - but this kitchen/cantina would not prepare it.  My daughter was in tears because there was nothing she could eat.!  When I ordered, I tried to order a bean quesadilla, but the waitress said I couldn't, that beans came on the side, so I said okay, and ordered chicken in the quesadilla.  She then told me "You also get two sides with that."  I told her that sounded like a lot of food in addition to the rice and beans - she gives me a smile. ~ Well, the rice and beans never made it.  I ended up with the two additional sides that I ordered!  The salsa was way too hot.  It even burned my tongue, and they didn't offer a mild salsa for children. The chips and salsa are served in small bowls.  There's not enough there for 5 people, and even when we ordered the side of cheese dip, no additional chips were brought.  We had to ask for more, and we still had more cheese dip (or whatever it was) than we had chips.  The food was tasteless, and we ended up paying almost $90 for 3 entrees, 1 cheese dip, 3 sodas, 2 margaritas, and 1 beer.  Something that should have only cost  $45 - $50.  And that is a stretch for Mexican food which is cheap to prepare. Also the margaritas were served in whiskey tumblers - less than what you get for the price at a REAL Mexican restaurant - they were good though, and that is the only good thing I have to say about this restaurant's food/drink.  If you want a place to go for a few drinks with friends, this is happening, but not a good choice for dinner - especially if you have kids with you.  Way overpriced, and poor food quality.  We will not return.