No.  Just.  No.

I work relatively close to Tres Pesos and years ago we used to visit at least once a month until the server's skirts got shorter, tops got tighter and boobs got boobier.  While I am sure the tips increased dramatically (the clientele was almost only men on our last visit a while ago), the food just got worse and worse, so we started going across the street to Azteca, where they now scream "Amy" when I walk in and make a place at the end of the bar for me (not really, but we do go there more often than we should).  Trying to try new places, and give old places another chance, I stopped in at Tres Pesos for lunch today.  

The interior, while it hasn't really been updated, seems to be different.  It looks like they maybe did some renovation and moved the bar?  I dunno.... The waitresses were fully clothed, which may be why the place was practically empty at 12:15.  I sat down and needed some chips.  The chips were warm and delivered immediately, though they seemed a little greasy.  Served with the liquidy salsa and the chunky tomato/onion/ciliantro pico (?), both were heavy on the cilantro, so I ate neither.  I ordered the queso, which to their credit is served in a small size for only $2 instead of the large bowl for $4 in case you are dining alone or not wanting to share your cheese dip.  The cheese dip was meh - very thick.  Nothing wrong with it, just nothing special.  The beef chimichanga was a hot mess.  Served with rice and beans, the rice was fine, the beans were runny (not appetizing).  The chimichanga, which is essentially a deep fried burrito, was covered with lettuce and such, sour cream on top of that, red sauce and then tomato slices, which completely saturated the chimichanga and made the fried outer shell mushy.  I like the crisp, which is why I got a fried dish - if I wanted a soft exterior, I would have ordered a burrito.  Meat filling was ... not in my top 10.  

Service was fine, I didn't run out of drink and that is important, but I found myself waiting for a bit for the check and then for her to pick it up.  Nothing was offensive or horrible, but overall it was just meh.  I should have gone to Azteca across the street or made the drive to Monterrey in Pineville.  Bleh.