The two stars are for our bus boy and the one attempt our server made to help us. 

FOOD- was horrible. The chips were ok. Salsa was ok, beans were bland.  I ordered a combo plate, a pork tamale, and a chille rellano. The pork tamale had next to no meat.. I scraped most of it out and it was one bite. The chile rellano was slimy and salty. The beans and rice were bland.  I didn't eat much of it. 

My fiance ordered a shrimp burrito. It was not as described to us when we asked and it smelled. Like rotten fish. Not only that but it was full of "scallops". Which turned out to be bat ray wing, not even real scallops, those were chewy. He sent the whole thing back because of the smell and the tortilla was soggy/mushy it had the consistency of mashed potatoes.  15 bucks for THAT? C'mon now. 

Our friends had a burrito and combo plate, they were not impressed either. 

SERVICE- We had to wait 20 minutes for a table when over half the restaurant was empty. We ended up with a crappy table.  

 The bus boy should have been our waiter. He was pleasant and came back promptly and frequently to ask if we needed anything and to refill our drinks.  Our waitress wasn't awful, but she was short, and acted like we were a huge inconvenience the second she walked up.  She did however look worn out and made an attempt to be pleasant about the burrito we sent back. It took a while to have our order taken, which would have been fine had they been even slightly busy. 

I tried to get a group of employees attention to take the check, I held it up and they just looked at me and went back to talking. 

Our friends and I were leaving when my fiance was stopped by the manager and asked how everything was. He told her he felt it was over priced for the quality, and some issues with the food. Like his mushy, smelly, burrito,  and my tamale having no meat. She got snotty and said "you're wrong , I watched them make the tamales". She then said "well if you had a problem you should have said something before" ( um hello, genius, we sent food back and told our waitress!)  This is what angered us the most. Don't ask people what they thought and be rude if you don't like the answer! Very unprofessional. We still paid our full bill so it's not like we don't have a right to complain when asked.  Change the garbage you serve and you won't have as many problems!  

We won't be back, over priced,  bad food, and so-so service.