I have been here 3 times now trying to figure out if Penasco's should go in our restaurant rotation considering it is right down the street from where we live. The first time we came, I ordered an enchilada and shredded beef taco, beans, and papas. Having had Abuelos Papas, I was super excited and envisioned creamy potatoes with tons of cheesy goodness. The papas at Penascos are terrible I can honestly say. They didn't seem like they had any milk, cream or butter in them so they had a pasty texture and they were just bland. Very disappointing. The enchilada was forgettable. However, the rice was decent and at the time, the taco tasted very good. The chips and salsa were good as well and tasted different from other places salsa. The hub liked it too. My husband, however, was not impressed though when he got a chili relleno and it tasted fishy. He is not a big fan of fish and can tell when something has been contaminated by fish. So we waited awhile before trying it a second time. When we went back the second time, the salsa had changed although it was still really good. I got the two shredded beef tacos with rice and beans and was very satisfied with the meal. The hub got a chimichanga with ground beef and red sauce and he said it was very good. So at that time, we were happy with Penasco's. Cut to a week ago when we decided to go there for dinner. The chips and salsa were decent but not as good as I thought they would be based on other visits. I felt like the salsa was lacking something like spice and cilantro and the chips seemed like they had been sitting around all day. Then we ordered the same meals we ordered during the second visit. My taco's were soggy, not crispy, and the meat in them had no flavor at all. The hubs chimi just tasted off mainly because of the red sauce on top. In any event, everything was just mediocre. We decided that this place is too inconsistent and seems to be ok at best. I have stated this in one of my other reviews: there are other Mexican places we like much more so we will stick to those places instead. Mexican food is supposed to wow the senses and at Penasco's, there was much to be desired. Also, this place never seems to be busy so I wonder how much longer they will be open... I think people wanna like it because its really the only Mexican restaurant in the Copa, however, its just not that good.