My friend and I came here on Friday for happy hour.  It was pretty slow considering it was Friday night at 6 pm, but still had a smattering of people.  We got a seat right away and the waitress was really prompt and nice.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria on happy hour- making it only $12.50 and it was very strong!  I was bummed to see that none of the food is on happy hour specials... but priced fairly enough so not the ned of the world.  We had queso, the churros and a chopped salad.  Everything was pretty tasty and good.  Leaving on Friday, we were happy with our experience that we decided to come back on Sat night with a group of friends-- bad idea!

Sat night-- little line outside, but not bad.  Once we got in, it was the perfect amount of people.  Not overcrowded where you kept getting knocked into, but not so bleak that you felt like you are the only ones there.  Music was good and unique mixture of people. 

The front bar was great-- got served almost immediately.  Bartender was fast, prompt and superfriendly.  Then we decided to go to the back near the pool/cabanas.  We sat at the bar and attempted to order drinks.  It was NOT packed-- there was one bartender, but that should have been adequate.  We waited patiently, and kept getting passed up.  We were there for over 10 minutes and never got acknowledged.  Finally, one of the guys we were with said (and not in a demeaning way)," hey.... we have been here for about 10 min."  The bartender proceeds to yell, " Do you think I give a F**K? I don't F**king care, if you want a drink right away, then stay at home and drink there."

WHOA!  We were so taken aback....  she then proceeded to backtalk to the guy next to us who had ordered two straight liquor shots and got shoddy pours. 

We immediately got up and left.  Walked across the street to The Lodge and drank the rest of our money away there.  

I will think twice about going back to SF.  It's so sad that what would otherwise be an awesome hangout has to be tarnished by one employee who clearly didn't get the memo on customer service.