Im giving this place 2 stars (a stretch) because I felt bad for the waitress who actually had to try and act normal throughout my disaster dinner. Decided to stop in with my gf  because I didnt want to sit down for a steak at Twin Creeks, but wanted something a little less greasy than Johnny Rockets. Mexican? Im in!! Heres my dinner date.

Ordered drinks and apps. Was told one of the apps was not available as per the chef (queso dip). No biggie, Ill have something else (shrimp cocktail). Enjoying our drinks, and Queso dip comes out....huh?? Also, the tortilla soup that my gf ordered comes out. No joke, the tortilla soup looks like apple sauce....what the hell is this? I LOVE tortilla soup...order it everywhere I go. This was NOT tortilla soup. Shit was a disaster. Queso dip looks thrown together and is so thick. It almost seemed like frozen cheeze whiz reheated. Absolutely repulsive. Still, Im cool calm and collected, and just wait for  my server to come over and send it back. Where on earth is my shrimp cocktail?? I offered to pay for everything, because I hate making a scene. The server was great and of course says not to worry about it, and both the soup and cheeze whiz will be removed from the check. In open view, she speaks to the manager on duty whos office is in full view of the table Im sitting at, literally, right across from me. I watch him get up, comp the items off our check and walk away. I wanted to thank him for the gesture, but he didnt even give me the time of day? Whatever, not a problem, still just hanging out drinking, enjoying the scenery. WHERE IS MY SHRIMP COCKTAIL??!!? Im confused at this point.  After ordering our entrees, the shrimp cocktail comes out. It was delicious. I could have eaten two orders. The waitress comes over, asks if everything is ok. I told her everything was fine, and that I wish I could have thanked the manager for comping our food, even though he didnt have to do that (despite the fact that he obviously did the right thing.) She just kind of smiled and left. LOl WTF. Maybe its just me, but I would have gotten that lazy manager off his chair to touch the table that clearly has been dissapointed with the quality of food. Again, no biggie, but now its clear to me why this place isnt more popular. The check comes....it was about $67 or so. i left a $20 tip, and thanked the waitress. Despite everything else, she was really sweet and at least made an attempt to show she cared about us enjoying our night. The manager however, is shot.