Why mess with a good thing ? 

Well this place used to be called REVO Burrito. I went maybe two times a month. I enjoyed it because it was low key, easy going, quite and can always get a table and relax.. My spot has now gone.. and we now have MEXX32. ( and I am not happy about it ) 

The good - The expansion was massive, its space is now a full scale eatery/restaurant.  The service is Fast ! It used to take me about 15 mins to get my food... both inside and to go . I didn't mind because the kitchen was a one or two man show with one or two girls up front.. Now theres about 10 people In the kitchen ( fri night - and 10 on the floor.. ( abit over kill IMO)  They have a large bar which houses many and many more liquors. The food menu is the same , and I enjoy the rice and the chips seem to have gotten better ! 

The bad... - & UGLY - The prices has raised on average 3 to 5 dollars. My burrito WITH rice and beans used to be under 8 or 9 dollars. NOW the burrito its self is 8 dollars and the rice and beans is an extra 3... ? ( Infact the combo for both burritos and tacos  used to be $9.95 ) No more taco meal either... They are 5 dollars a piece ( used to be a meal under 9 )  Im sorry if I say this out loud... BUT WTF ! Its the same exact food... BUT more money ? Is the extra 3 dollars for the extra staff and space... CAUSE.. I didn't ask for all that ! ? ! 

Also its extremely loud. After a long work day, that's not what I am looking for. A burrito is a burrito. Its not high end culinary Mexican.. Its basic stuff. AND they no longer have the 2 dollar Amy Coe cookie.. NOW they have 7 dollar deserts. 


There is more staff.. Which is great, as food is faster..BUT gone are the relaxed days of eating in peace and a non "nose in the air/see and be seen "spot.  Hello to the pregame /dinner spot. :(

I no longer feel comfortable relaxing in sweats, or hanging after shopping, or a pick up and go vibe. You now have to come alllll the way in.. See and be seen, go to the bar and sit.. To order food to go. 

Im sorry , but thats why i liked this spot, for the easy going vibe. Chipotle didn't change and I can still get the same food and easy vibe and basic margarita without the fluff, So I guess I will have to save MEXX32 for occasions . :(


revoburrito.com/2gomenu.pdf   the old menu