Hmmm, so the good... They serve booze, which is nice because when you're drunk your standards generally lower- just ask What's His Face or my dignity after last Saturday night. Anyhow, do we really need more than one of these abominations in the valley? I think a chain restaurant should only exist when the food is good enough to warrant more access to the greater population. This place does not qualify. 

This is the type of place that inspires documentaries about the shocking cheesy grease stuffed pots of lard that Americans shovel in their bellies for breakfast. Deep fried appetizers, cheese on almost everything, and not just enough cheese to add flavor. It's more like a course of cheese with a side of chips. 

They do have quote on quote healthy options, but they are boring as all hell. However, I've noticed a trend with AZ Mexican "healthy options". They don't know how to make anything healthy without just giving your some meat and vegetables. It's so boring. I wish more places would attempt to recreate dishes with healthy ingredients. It is possible to make healthy tacos among other things. 

Anyway, my friend's plate looked like a cheesy greasy mess. As for mine, I wanted a little healthier meal. I ordered 1 spinach enchilada. I was happy with the fresh taste of the spinach, but disappointed that there wasn't any seasoning at all. It tasted like spinach with salt. It's suppose to be an enchilada for christ sake- some chili powder, maybe enchilada sauce... to contradict myself above, cheese would have greatly helped this item. I also ordered one pork taco, or what would normally be called Carnitas... damn gringo ass Peoria. Anyhow, once again, NO SEASONING! Look, I get than many people can't tolerate heat, but you can use spice and add flavor without adding heat. If you are giving me a taco use some fricking seasoning... This should be a given.

Now, a couple highlights: I liked the Skinny margarita. Though this was a "specialty" drink,  Margaritas are suppose to be made with Lime juice, not nasty ass margie mix- So, that's a good thing. The bad? Don't measure me half a jigger and charge me 9 bucks! I don't care what the law or code is, make me a drink that tastes good and gives me a little buzz.The other good thing- fresh guacamole... thank God for this. If it had been something nasty I would have had to smack the chef around a little. The last good thing, the fresh tortillas. Though they were a little thicker than I prefer and not traditional corn ones, they were quite lovely.