Let me now tell you the story of Taco Bell on Noblestown Road, kids.

First off, it's Taco Bell, so it can't get anything higher than three stars if we're being honest. The last time Taco Bell wowed me was probably before there was a Taco Bell in most every town. When I was a kid and we went to visit my grandparents in Florida, they had one down there and it was a real treat to go. This was back in the '70s, mind you.

So that being said, I miss classic menu items like the Bell Beefer, the Taco Light, and the CInnamon Crispas. Taco Bell, don't you know you have plenty of middle-aged fans out here who would gladly plunk down petty cash just to have these retro delights once again? Isn't nostalgia all the rage these days? For every breakfast waffle and quesarito you guys have spent months on in test kitchens, you could easily just bring back some old faves.

But I digress. This particular Taco Bell is so hit and miss on service it would be laughable were it not so sad. The last couple of times I went through the drive-thru there, it literally took the car in front of my 15 minutes each time to get its order and drive away. Who knows why it happened the first time. The second time, however, it all came down to a bunch of goofballs working the kitchen,

You see, I had ordered the new quesarito Big Box as well as another combo meal on the menu and a couple apple empanadas. I noticed that before the guy at the window gave me my food, he double, nay, triple checked the order before handing it to me. So He hands me my bag o' food and I head out only to discover that - surprise -  the main component of the quesarito big box was missing.

I shook my fist and cursed the night air as I turned around and headed back. I went inside with my receipt. A guy who wasn't cooking and wasn't working the window came up and I told him what my problem was. He apologized and told the cooks that he needed a beef quesarito (man I'm already sick of typing that word). A little time passes, and then the cooks both ask what kind of quesarito to make...and then they do it again about ten seconds after that.

In the meantime, the drive-through guy is checking other orders. He finds something wrong with one of them and tells the cooks. They bicker with him and insist they got the order right. Some more bickering ensues and the cooks then agree that the order was wrong. Some more time passes.

They get that order done and then ask once again what kind of quesarito I wanted.

Beef. Always beef. It hasn't changed since you asked twice five minutes ago. Guh.

So I finally get the quesarito and head home. I have no idea what's going on there with that particular crew, but suffice it to say that more training couldn't hurt. There's definitely a communication breakdown (it's always the same) going on there. 

May I never type "quesarito" again.