My family has been going here for a few years now, mostly at lunch time on Sundays. The food is quite good, in my opinion, but lately they seem to be running the place shorthanded every time we go. It's really hard to get a refill, to get a requested side or extra, or to get the bill in even a remotely timely fashion. You sort of have to stand up and wave both arms to get someone's attention.

Today was a real disappointment. A couple of my family members were at home ill and I was out and about, so I called in an order and went to pick it up on my way home. The person with whom I spoke over the phone read me back the order, so I know it was received correctly. I was told that the order would be ready in ten minutes, and I when I arrived at the restaurant fifteen minutes later, I was worried that I'd allowed everyone's food to get cold. As it turned out, the order came out forty (40) minutes after the initial call. I paid and drove the rest of the way home (three residential Urbana blocks), and upon opening the bags, I found that they'd mistakenly substituted a quesadilla for a cheese enchilada and that some of the items in the bag were COLD - not tepid, but cold as though they'd been prepared and then refrigerated. Since we live quite nearby, I figured I'd call and at least go pick up an enchilada fill out the order as I'd placed it. When the employee picked up the phone, I heard, "Hello, La Fiesta, just a minute." About 30 seconds elapsed, and I heard, "I'm sorry, go ahead." I told him that we had received a quesadilla in place of a cheese enchilada and that I'd like to come by to get the correct item, and again he said, "I'm sorry, just a minute." This time, I could hear over the phone, in the background, that he was seating customers who had walked in, and after about two minutes of this, I hung up and microwaved a meal we'd paid over $30 for.

I'm sorry, but when you mess up someone's order and you have their money already, you TAKE CARE of that situation FIRST. Hire someone if you need to; you can't tell me that there's nobody in this neighborhood looking for a job. My recommendation: The kitchen seems to do pretty well, so it's worth a try, but DO NOT rely on carry out. Once you're out the door, they're done with you.