I can't tell you how much I wanted to like this place. We've been counting down the days until it opened. So I'm deeply sad to report that I'm very much "Meh" on the place. In fact, I'm borderline "Eeek". 

The service was just plain ol' bad. We were left waiting forever for most things. Water's asked for, never came, we sat and watched our margarita's at the bar ($7.50 each) a good 10 minutes before they made it too our table and my daughters order was completely wrong.  Oh and did I mention the Mexican holiday music and it's not even Halloween yet. Argh. The thing that really burns me about the lack of service is the manager (I'm making an educated guess that the man behind the bar, ringing checks but doing little else, was the manager, never helped any of the servers, who all looked in the weeds the entire time. No one asked how our meal was. We were never checked on. We were asked if we wanted another Margarita when we asked for our check. We probably would have had another 20 minutes ago. Had I left drunk, perhaps today's review would have been kinder! 

As for the food, utterly forgettable. Chips, good. Salsa, so-so. (And don't expect them to come to your table for free, oh no, there's a $2.50 charge for that.) Guacamole ($4), bland (note to Cinco, there are other ingredients in guac other then avocados!) My husband had shrimp fajitas ($15.50) . Meh. I asked if they could make me a vegetarian burrito. I asked for cheese. Nope! I got onions and peppers with a couple of black beans and zero sides. It was beneath Chipotle for twice the price. It also always burns me when they charge me the same as the meat option when I didn't get anything instead. Add a little guacamole or cheese instead of the meat or charge me less. Anyhow... $12.00. My daughter went off menu and asked for a bean, rice and cheese burrito. Sounds easy? Wrong. She got a burrito loaded with onions and peppers just like mine. The second attempt? A tortilla with just black beans. What? Booo! 

Although none of us enjoyed ourselves, we may wait a month or two and give Cinco one more try because they are new and so close. Maybe. Or Maybe not.