Yech. Seriously, yech. I don't understand what the fuss is with Garduno's.

I was visiting friends in Vegas and hoping that we would go to Viva Mercado's (I truly heart that place so much) and instead I'm being dragged to a casino near their house - and it's a local casino that I HATED going to when we lived in Vegas - which just happens to house Garduno's. It's the Fiesta Rancho casino.

So not only am I doomed to suffer from bad mexican food (I have been to Garduno's before in that same casino) I am forced to wade through locals who are so hell bent on gambling.

I decided to order their fajitas. What a freaking mistake. They were sizzling and so deceptive. They smelled so wonderful. My mouth was actually watering. Then after I assembled my fajita into the flour tortilla, I took a bite.

Nothing. No flavor, even the onions had been blanded out. How the fuck do you do that? Seriously. How the fuck can you get onions to lose their taste?! How? HOW? H O W ?! I could only tell the difference between the bell pepper and the onion thanks to texture. Their "rice" was just that...rice.

It was a disappointment through and through. Service was ok and that's why I'm giving it 2 stars. The food was shite.

The atmosphere is loud. But I don't think their location within a casino really helped with that. You could hear the slot machines outside of the restaurant. One slot machines was so freaking loud I could swear I could hear it over the din of everything...and it was shouting, "WHEEL OF FORTUNE!!!" I kid you not. If it were a kid I'd have turned to it and said, "You're indoors now. Little voice."

Decor is such a throwback to the 80s. You know what I'm talking about - that alleged upscale restaurant with the puffy booths and that nasty peach/pink pastel color teamed with green along with the sea green acrylic tabletop. ugh. I needed an intervention when I was sitting in that place. Badly.

After all that hassle, I even paid for the crappy food for my friends and myself. I waved good-bye to my friends later on and made a beeline for Roberto's. Yea, I was that pissed off and angry at my food. I'd have gone to Viva Mercado's, but they were closed at 2am.

Just a note -- why did Garduno's get voted best as one of the Best of Las Vegas? Does anyone in Vegas have taste buds? If they did, they'd be screaming for either Roberto's or Viva Mercado's as a Best of Las Vegas.

Seriously, don't fall for Garduno's anywhere. I've had the misfortune of eating at 3 different ones in 3 different places -- don't fall for that nasty, bland, SALTY food.