In pursuit of the Mexican guacamole/bacon/cheese/sour cream/raw onion burrito, I just was not satisfied with what I received.

Sunday afternoon, around 2 PM.  I had taken a stroll to Fry's to get the current beer of preference (Anyone know where I can find Cave Creek Chili Beer?) and on the walk home, I went past Riva's.  The location strikes me as being a drive-through banking location at some time, tho since closed and relocated.  Windows, floors, walls are clean; even the parking lot is clean.  

As the TVs played novelas, I looked at the great variety of offerings, each with a picture in pretty vivid color, along with the name and price.  On approaching the counter, I asked if I could order a custom burrito.  The lady behind the counter asked what kind of burrito I wanted.  I explained the guacamole/bacon/cheese/sour cream/onion burrito.  She asked if I wanted egg on it, and I replied I did not.  She walked the slip to the cook and described the burrito.    

When the lady behind the counter received my wrapped burrito, she put it in a bag with napkins.  I asked about salsa, and she gestured toward the salsa bar.  Since the aluminum roof was down and there was no sign, I had no idea there was a salsa bar.  I packed one container of each salsa, 1 green and 2 red, along with some carrots and jalapenos.  I must express my kudos to the green sauce, a truly fabulous presentation with enough heat to be 'bout right.  No such luck with the red sauce, which seems to derive most of it's heat from black pepper.

Arriving at home, I put the beer in the refrigerator and unwrapped the burrito.  The heft of the burrito gave me pause.  It weighed just over 1/2 lb out of the wrapper.  I was surprised to see nothing had dripped out of the burrito onto the wrapping.  As this was a Hit and Run first try, I did not go into the Preparing for the 'new restaurant first try' experience.  

First bite, I got the slack end of the burrito, so lots of extra tortilla.  Second bite, I was rewarded with meat and onion.  Third bite, I detected cheese and sour cream along with meat and onion, and at the fourth bite, I got evidence of American guacamole.  While I am not sure what size tortilla was used to create this burrito, there was certainly a lot of tortilla folded up.  

I must take the time to inquire next opportunity I get to find out where they get their "bacon".  It is certainly the most unusual preparation of meat.  There is gristle in addition to fat and chunks that are bigger, have different consistency and remind me strikingly of ham.  There are pieces that feel and taste similar to bacon...just hard to know what it is I am eating.  

For the price, $6.80 plus tax, the burrito was below what I would anticipate.  Guess I need to search out BajaMex or TexMex to find what I am looking for...