My 2 cents: WTF kind of mexican place does not serve salsa?  

We met a group of 10 here for a bday dinner/ drinks patio thing on a Saturday night.  I was looking forward to trying it after looking at the menu online.  I first ordered a skinny marg and liked that just fine.  We had a few apps, guac that was nice but not better than Gallo Blanco or the Mission, and a few quesadillas.  When I flagged down our server to ask for salsa with our aracherra quesadilla, she looked apologetic as she explained that they do not serve salsa, just Tapatio in the bottle.  Excuse me?  It's like the chef's saying a big F You!, my food is so good it doesn't need salsa.  I can assure you though, it was definitely lacking some flavor that a well executed salsa or two could have provided.  I felt cheated.  I will go to a place based on their salsa appeal alone.  It's a crime akin to a sushi restaurant saying they do not serve soy sauce, it just doesn't make sense.  

The service could have been a little better, but it was a Saturday night, and we were a big group keeping them busy with cocktail orders, so it was forgivable.  I did ask for the consolation prize Tapatio which never came.  Although I am admittedly salsa obsessed, even others in my party commented on how weird the salsa prohibition was.  Especially my friend who ordered the aracherra tacos, he thought they were dry and were definitely missing something in there.  Four tacos also came out on one plate, with no side plates, even though two different gentleman ordered them.  When we asked the food runner about it, he said everything was "family style".  You know how dudes are with their food, especially when you are sitting at opposing ends of the table and don't really know each other "family style" well.  I teased my friend seated next to me that I hoped other dude washed his hands before handling his tacos in the family style melee, but I digress.  

The highlight of the experience was the Michelada I ordered with Modelo Especial which was made perfectly.  Probably one of the best I have ever had.  I ordered a second one, and this is definitely something I could envision myself coming back for, maybe during happy hour.  I know we didn't try any of the more complex dinner items, but really - I just can't get past the salsa ban so I doubt I will in the future.