I've been going to Top Shelf restaurants since I used to go to the one in Mesa with my first husband in the 1980s.  Always liked the food, and when they added the lite menu, I gravitated toward that.  Mu husband and I have been to both of the westside ones.  We stopped going to the one on 83rd Avenue when we got horrible service there.  Tonight was Greenway and it was maybe worse.  When we got there, there were two groups of four waiting to be seated.  It was a little after 5 p.m. and a ton of open tables.  I asked if there was a waiting list, and the hostess said yes.  She said the wait would be 5-10 minutes, and we agreed to wait.  We reasoned there was a shift change going on.  After a few minutes, the first group of 4 was seated.  We were standing near the cash register when another group of three arrived.  My husband suggested we move aside so they could check in.  They were standing by the cash register when a waitress approached the group of 3 with menus and volunteered to seat them, which she did.  We turned to the group of 4 that was ahead of us and they were aghast.  We complained to the hostess and she said of the waitress, "she's new."  The new waitress came up and said that "he" didn't know there were people waiting ahead of the group of 3 and so he seated them.  The woman with the group of 4 complained that they had been waiting, it was her husband's birthday and it was being ruined.  They got seated, and we continued to wait.  The waitress/hostess asked us if we wanted to sit in the bar.  We said no, and so she seated us at a table, but no one waited on us.  Someone took the drink order of the birthday group, but not us.  Our menus were closed because we knew what we wanted, but we were ignored.  Then I heard the waitress who seated the group of 3 ahead of everyone else take the food order of the group of 3.  I could not stand it anymore.  I gave my $5 coupon to the birthday group and we left.  We will not be back.  There is too much good Mexican food in the Phoenix area to ever go back and be treated like this again.  Manuels, Garcia's, Macayo's, Parilla Suisa, the list goes on.  I do not honestly know why anyone eats at Top Shelf anymore.