My girlfriend and a friend stopped by this place on our first visit to Lake Las Vegas. All the advertisements say it's an oasis, and all the Yelp reviews and other first hand experiences say it's a ghost town....so we had to investigate. 

Well, I can confirm, it is a ghost town. We went on a Saturday night, and there actually WERE people. There were even about 4 restaurants open...including this one, but they were all pretty pricey. This one was the only one that was somewhat reasonable, with a 14 dollar quesadilla, so we figured what the heck.

First of all, it's a little awkward. I mean, these restaurants REALLY need your business, and it kind of felt really weird entering into an empty restaurant on a Saturday night trying to check the prices. Since there were no other cheaper choices without leaving the village, and since they were so eager to seat us, we figured what the heck! Why not!

Well, the atmosphere was nice outside on the patio, although the live entertainment down on the lake was pretty terrible. We enjoyed the nice outside space, and we were prepared to enjoy a nice meal at a mexican restaurant.

Then we met our waiter. He was terrible. Seriously, like really bad. The first thing he said to us was "Would you like a cadillac margarita?" ...to which we said uh, no, we just sat down and are looking at the menu, can we have some water to start? He then stormed off. Throughout our entire meal, he was the most unfriendly person, and seemed entirely uninterested in dealing with us. My friend ordered a second beer, and no joke, the dude came back literally with his face in a checkbook reading...and slowly (blindly I may add) placed the beer in front of my girlfriend on the other side of the table, and walked away.

Aside from service, the food was alright. My girlfriend and I got quesadillas based on some Yelp reviews, and I would say if you are here and stuck...get them! The quesadillas were actually good, and they were decent sized too. Lots of cheese, how can you mess that up? Also had a nice crispy tortilla. The rice and beans seemed like they had been waiting on a heater awhile to be served, but they were fine.

My friend got a burrito, and he said it was really bad. He didn't finish it.

If it weren't for the waiter, I would probably give this place a 3, but the not great value, terrible waiter, and atmosphere in a weirdly empty town just pushes this down to a 2. By the way, normally I wouldn't mind higher price for a good meal and night out, but all these places are outrageously priced...like it's on the strip. They clearly try to compensate for no customers by jacking up the prices, which drove us away from multiple other restaurants there ironically. Catch 22, need more volume to lower prices, need lower prices for more volume (if there were people around).