When I get an urge for sloppy/fast mexican food it is unstoppable.  Have you ever heard those Del Taco commercials when they are talking about 'The Beast'?  Well, my beast could beat up that beast's dad.  One day when my beast reared it ugly head during a conference call with Florida, I knew what had to be done.

I was actually on my way to my regular beast quenching local, Filibertos (on Indian School and 2xth St) when I stumbled upon a shack that looked strikingly similar to the familiar Yellow sign of Fili B's. LOS BETOS?!?! I decided to venture forth and give it a shot.  It is a shack of a place (aren't they all?) but it had a drive-thru and thats all I cared about. The first thing I noticed was that they had Mr. Pibb on Tap!  I like to order Dr. Pepper at places that have Mr. Pibb just to see what they say (sometimes they try to pawn it off without telling me its not Dr. pepper).  This older man was honest and relayed to me it wasn't Dr. P, but Mr. P..  I was content.  I ordered the typical gringo plate with the Carne Asada burrito with beans and rice.  When I got back to the office, everyone was jealous (my favorite part).  The burrito was so excellent, that I pronounced it excellente, and I didn't get sick off of the beans! Sweetness!

That was my first experience.

I had such a great experience, I decided to go back the next week.  The mistake I made was getting too bold and not sticking to the typical burrito order I loved the first time.  I ordered the Super Nachos.  The chips were rubber and dripping with oil.  If these chips weren't refried over 10 times, i would be very surprised.  The taste of the oil was disgusting.  As if they hadn't changed it for a week.  The toppings were just that. Toppings.  They didn't go passed the first layer of nylon tortilla chips and they weren't very tasty.  Although they WERE more tasty than the chips (but then, so is a pencil)... I ended up throwing the entire thing away and my beast was traumatized.

My advice would be to hit up Filiberto's instead, or at LEAST stay away from the fryers in this joint.