I thought for a long time about whether to give Gardunos a 3 star rating or a 2 star rating. I find their food tremendously and surprisingly good most of the time, but always find myself wondering if any of the employees actually know I'm there. 

Here is a brief summary of my experience last night that cemented my decision to give Gardunos a 2 star rating (dun dun dun):

After arriving at 8:42 PM (I was a little rushed and looked at my phone) we found ourselves waiting for over 35 minutes for our existence to be acknowledged. If we were waiting to be sat on a Saturday night this wouldn't have been a dire offense, but we we ordering food to-go and were told that they do not take orders over the phone. The colleague with me pointed out about 3 minutes into our visit that not a single person walking by had even attempted to make eye contact with us, a big pet peeve of mine. While we waited for someone, anyone to notice that we were living people, we made a game of it. NOT A SINGLE PERSON FROM START TO FINISH CONNECTED EYES WITH US. 

Finally, at 9:17 pm (again, looking at my watch) someone noticed that we were loitering or something around the host stand and timidly breathed the question, "just two?"  

exasperated, I said, "We just need to quickly order some food to go," even lowering myself a little in hopes that she would look up from her clipboard.

"The bar," she said, still looking at her clipboard and pointing toward the bar.

At the bar we were instantly greeted by someones back as he just asked, "what'll it be?" and then walked away for ten minutes. All without eye contact.

SKIPPING FORWARD.

When we finally got our food back to the office we noticed that on top of our mound of poorly packaged, dripping food was a large bag of chips next to one 2 ounce container, half-full of guacamole. The complimentary container of salsa that we ate with out chips was larger and, more importantly, filled to the top. And that was free. We paid $4 for less than 2 ounces of mediocre guacamole. 

Not all was bad, though. The shrimp tacos were large and flavorful, the steak in the enchiladas was very tasty (but the sauce was unremarkable) and I really would eat the mango salsa from the salsa bar for dessert. It's remarkable. 

For things that any business in the service industry should have refined (eye contact, greeting people within 1 minute of them sitting even just to say hello, etc):

1 star

For value, presentation and packaging:

2 stars

For the food (flavor, portion size, etc)

4 stars

I hope this review is helpful