OK ...the truth will set you free......(deep breath)

This is one of my usual stops, I am now a regular here, but just do not get the desired effect of my relationship in my customer / business feeling thing with these guys.

Since I have been yelping, I tend to be a little more optimistic in my approach of businesses keeping an eye on prejudices or preconceived feelings one may have toward certain situations, Now keep in mind that as a customer, I have needs. I need to fulfill my hunger, I need to fulfill my existence by having people listen to my needs as I request them, and most of all after my needs are met, I leave a small token of my appreciation in the form of a tip or gratuity. If my simple needs cannot be met, then I become very disappointed.  This is where yelping has become my source of self help.

For starters, my wife enjoys the food here, it is very affordable, and the food (when we get it) is usually very consistent (it is very good). On this evening we had a very simple fair, but as we were greeted by the "chip / salsa" gentleman, we quickly requested a mild salsa.  (usually the standard as you are greeted is the medium / hot salsa and the OMG that is hot "white salsa") Since my spanish is not very good, like a fool I spoke english very softly and slowly, "M-I-L-D salsa please for the lady". Our mild salsa never arrived. This was the first sign that it was going to be an interesting night.

Upon our server coming over, we had a tea and water (the tea is very sweet and makes my mom jealous....it is soooo good.) The server took our order, a single chicken and cheese quesadila, 2 soft beef tacos, and a side of rice.  Again, we asked the server for a side of mild salsa, and once again, it never came.

In the meantime, the food came out pretty quickly, but without the side of rice.  Now this is really starting to get under my skin....This is the best part of the meal as it is not greasy, it has good flavor, and is quite enjoyable, yet, in this meal, it NEVER showed.....The server apparently got sidetracked, we didn't see him for a few minutes, but as we did not have a large meal, it was over halfway gone.  We were soooooo disappointed as this was my recommendation for a lite fair tonight, and lite it was.  No mild salsa, no rice......why bother! 

Since I felt I was not appreciated, and my needs were not met, I felt like a bad date, and just wanted to break up right here! I'm feeling This Ends NOW! Sure the server apologized, but then reminded him that we never received the salsa we asked for TWICE!

It is times like this that I remember why I started Yelping, to search out the truth in restaurants and to hold every person in the hospitality business accountable for the lack of interest in the customer.

The customer deserves good service, good food, and at times a reasonable expectation of those needs.  

I am in sales, my motto I live by is...... "You can have price, quality or service, pick any two, but you are not going to get all three"  in this case, I got price, but neither service nor quality was provided.

Sure I will be back, but with lower expectations.

NCFoodGuy