We found ourselves at Desert Ridge Saturday night, and my husband suggested we check out San Felipe.  He was a fan of the former DC Ranch location.

Not too crowded for a Saturday night.  Ambiance was loud and annoying, but not unexpectedly so.  Not really the type of place to go if you want to hear yourself think.

Upon looking at the menu, the first thing I noticed was that chips and guac was $9.  I don't think I've ever seen chips and guac for $9.  Sounded good but not that good.  Instead we got chips and salsa for $3.  The salsa portion was a small 2.5" ramekin or so.  Tiny portion. $3?!  Anyway, also noticed there were no prices on the drink menu.  That's annoying.

So our server approached and wanted to take a drink order.  I asked what was on tap.  And then my husband asked about a bucket of Modelo.  Our server, Lyndsey, got immediately confused/defensive.  Not sure why 2 simple questions would throw her off that way.  But, her exact responses, while irritating, are irrelevant.  It was the snippy, defensive attitude that kinda got me. 

Hello.  If you don't put drink prices on the menu, a guest could quite possibly ask how much stuff is.  Not only did she not know what the exact prices were, her attitude was so off-putting--like the total opposite of someone who wants to provide good guest service and earn a tip.

We finally got through the drink order debacle and she took our order and I was already over it at that point.  We each ordered fish tacos and my son had fish and chips.  The fish tacos were generously portioned for the price point.  My son's fish and chips were generously portioned as well.  The entrees were decent.  The $3 salsa was not very good.  It turned out the beers were $4.50 or something.  Nothing crazy that couldn't be printed on a menu.

Dinner tab for the two of us and our son was $50.  Inexpensive and filling, but not enjoyable.  Lyndsey was not a good server.  Her attitude was poor and she should learn the prices.

Definitely will not be making another stop in.