This is an okay place.

I placed an order for delivery late Saturday evening and it showed up an hour later. The people on the phone were pleasant, though I had to wait a few minutes while they got what they needed to take down credit card information. It seemed like I spoke with three different people...one person answered the phone, a different one took my order, and the third took my credit card number. This wasn't bad, just a little odd. I suspect they are still working out the various kinks that come with opening a new store.

The menu has a fair number of main items and a couple appetizers and salads to round it out. It would be nice to see "Rice and Beans" as an option to add to any dish.

The portion sizes are neither big nor tiny, just a little smallish. It's actually rather novel ordering food for two people and getting portion sizes for two people instead of six.

The ingredients were decent and everything tasted alright...not awesome or crappy, but solidly okay. 

The prices are a touch expensive considering the portion size, but I'd say it's more-or-less worth it for the quality you get.

When the food showed up it was lukewarm. Not surprising considering the amount of time it took, but this certainly didn't earn them any points. 

The packaging needs improvement. Everything was either sitting on thin bakery/deli like paper in large styrofoam to-go boxes with one item to a box, or wrapped in one sheet of bakery/deli paper and sitting in a paper bag. The temperature problem could be much improved by wrapping items in paper, then in foil and placing everything in one or two boxes. Just use a marker to indicate what the items are and you're good to go.

I had the Huaraches. It had a decent ratio of meat/veggies/sauce, was spicy though not too spicy, wasn't bland but didn't have any flavor that really popped out, and it was small but stopped the hunger pangs so it basically accomplished its purpose.

Overall I'd say they are right between "Meh" and "Good". I might order from them again, though probably for lunch instead of dinner.