I *really* wanted to at least add a star to my review of Cactus Grill on a return visit, but I'm very disappointed to say that I can't bring myself to do so.

It happens to be very convenient to my work to go, so I decided to go on a day when burritos were the special of the day.  Wednesday's special is  Steak Burrito for $4.99, so I went with that, even though everyone who DOES like this place says that the Honey Grilled Chicken is the way to go.   Since I was getting the special, I decided to get a side of chips and salsa, thinking that just in case the burrito was terrible, at least I could snack on the chips.

To their credit, the burrito was much better fare than my previous experience with the tacos.  I got the cilantro rice and black beans, but the steak just does not have that much flavor.   I got the spicy green salsa, and this salsa does carry some heat with it when you have quite a bit of it at once.  It had very little shredded cheese on it, which could have at least been a saving grace if there had been more -- they should think about going with a cheese sauce (ala Qdoba's Steak Queso burrito).  Overall, it was food and probably a decent deal for the $5 special, but I wasn't impressed on taste.

So...the chips.   These were not even close to the life preserver for which I was hoping.  The chips were cold, HARD, and downright inedible.  They were only barely salted, and honestly, I was afraid I might chip a tooth.  I ate about 4, and that's all I could bear.  I got the hot salsa with those as well, and even tried soaking them a bit, but I ended up throwing most of them away.

I'm sorry to those who do enjoy Cactus Grill and can't understand why I'm down on them.  Like I said before, I would like to see them succeed.  There is a severe lack of variety for lunch on south Neil near my work, and this would be a nice location if the food was more up to par.  I will give it one more shot with the chicken, just because i like burritos but refuse to fight the campus parking/traffic.  If it improves significantly, I will post an update.