It pains me to down grade them a few stars but this last experience was disappointing.

I do note we did stop in for happy hour this time and really enjoyed the $5.00 margaritas and $5.00 mini tacos but I don't judge places by their happy hours because Happy Hours are usually happy anyway.

We had a really great dinner here last year and thought we would again. It's a BEAUTIFUL ATMOSPHERE here and they have beautiful Christmas Tree and Ice skating at the Princess.

 For Dinner I was going to try the Grouper or the Pistachio Crusted Tuna this time but to my surprise they took them off the menu and replaced them with a Tempura Battered Fish. (website needs an update)  Why would I order Tempura at a Mexican Place? So I went with the Skirt Steak. 

OK I didn't like anything on my plate. The steak wasn't tasty. It looked OK but just didn't taste good. I guess it needed some salt and pepper. I should have asked for salt and pepper. It was just soggy beef and also was like chewing just cow and not a tasty steak. I didn't like the potato gratin because it also needed salt and potatoes don't taste good unless they are salted. I didn't like the enchilada because of the horrible thick mole sauce. This was the worst mole sauce I've ever tasted in my life and if it was my first time with mole sauce I'd never touch it again. The sauce wasn't balanced and was thick and too much chocolate and it turned my stomach. I do note the table salsa was seasoned nice and the bar foods we tried were made nice so I know you can get good food here.

My husband ordered the short rib that I had last time. The rib this time was OK but not great like the one I had last time. This time it didn't have the really tasty crust on it and the portion size was much smaller. The rib was just passable and not made with the really great care like last time. But my husband felt really bad when he tasted my plate and told me I could have his instead since it was better.

A very nice manager did check on us and offered to get me something to fix my meal and it was before I knew what was wrong with what I was tasting. I told her it was just OK.

Last time they weren't busy and the food was very good. This time they were very busy and that might or might not be  factor in this last experience. I received my meal for free since I have a preferred diners card.