On our first trip to Gils, I called ahead to see if we'd need reservations only to get a recording saying they were closed between 3&5 but to leave a message and someone would call back.  I left a message but no one ever called back.  Thinking we'd give it a shot even without reservations we showed up just after 6 on a Friday only to find a sign on the door stating they were closed for the day.  Gee, it would have been nice to know that before driving across town.  
So a couple weeks roll by and we decide to give it another shot.  The chips & salsa are great.  More of a pita chip than a tortilla but they work great with the salsa.  I had one of their daily specials which was very good and my GF had a taco which she reported was OK (high praise for her).  The only complaint is that it took soooo long.  It took sooo long before we were asked for our drink order, then sooo long for the drinks to show up.  Instead of taking our food order at that time we were left sitting sooo long before he came back.  Then it took sooo long for our food to come and when we were finished it took sooo long to clear our plates.  He finally came back after sooo long and we put in an order for dessert.  Empanadas with honey.  Very yummy, it just took sooo long to get to our table.  Then sooo long to get the check and sooo long for our waiter to pick it up and charge it.  We showed up at 6 and didn't get out of there until after 8.  
The next trip there were four of us and it was a virtual repeat of the previous experience.  Really good food, really slow service.  The differences were that this time they were out of their house tea and although I ordered chicken in my burrito, I got beef.  If it hadn't taken sooo long in the first place I would have asked them to fix it, but by this time I'd been there sooo long I was in need of a shave.  We got out of there around 8:30.  
There's no doubt that the chef is outstanding, but perhaps they're more suited to catering and should leave the restaurant business to people with more experience in the hospitality industry.  Or maybe they should change their name to So Longs and start serving Asian food.  Until that happens we'll just say "So Long" to Gils Taste of Taos.  
On the upside, on the Friday they were closed we discovered a Thai place a couple doors down that's fantastic!