We've made two visits here, both obviously sparked by the $5 "Keep this place open" bonanza.  

The first visit we went there around 5:30p on a weekday.  The place was crowded but there were open tables because I guess they were low on servers.  We waited maybe 20 minutes and were seated, not too bad.  Server comes up, looking less than pleased and says "Hey Guys, I'm not feeling too good so that's why I don't look so enthusiastic".  Okay? 

We both ordered the fajitas. One combo with steak and shrimp, the other with chicken and shrimp.  If I'm grading based on value, it gets 5 stars.  For $5 it's definitely a better value than McDonalds.  If I'm grading based on the price that the menu showed, around $15, well that's not even close.  The steak was pretty good, chicken was plain, and shrimp was less than plain as well as small.  It was served on a plate of onions, not enough peppers.  We also got a BBQ burrito to go, for $5 why not? It was pretty good.  The BBQ sauce tasted like it was bottled, the same fajita chicken was on the inside of the burrito so it was rather plain other than the sauce, but size wise it was huge.  

Second visit we called ahead knowing it would be pretty busy, we called an hour ahead for a party of 5.  We got there and were told that it would be 50 minutes until seated. I don't claim to know their systems or rationale, but if it's going to be 60 minutes plus 50 minutes, just let me know before I drive up there please.  We then asked a waitress if the tables at the bar were first come first serve and she said yes.  We sat down, and then were told by a manager that we can't sit there.  Pointed to the girl who said it and he said we couldn't sit there.  Okay? 

Overall, for $5 the food is great.  But unfortunately that will be over in a matter of days.  This place has to live on it's printed prices which are 2-3 times the prices now.  The restaurant is dark and they cut many corners when remodeling it after Morton's left.  Is it worth the money? No.  Go to Monterrey, Azteca or a more traditional mexican restaurant and save your money, you'll be much happier.