Well...I liked going to this place because it's conveniently located and the food is generally good.  However, the service is hit and miss, especially on a weekend when they get busy. It appears they don't train their staff well and are always short-handed during the busiest times. The attitude of the staff consistently seems to be one of indifference.  I put our names on the list for an outdoor table and then waited at the bar for my husband to show up (he was only a few minutes away).  When he showed up, we had a drink and then waited for about 45 minutes. Several tables outside were empty.  When I went to the host to inquiry why we hadn't been seated yet, he said it would be another 20 minutes. I asked about the empty tables and he said they didn't have enough servers for them. I went back to the bar, asked my husband what he wanted to do.  We decided to eat at the bar, informed the bartender, then went back to the host (a young teenager who seemed clueless) and gave our beeper back.  We then waited another 20 minutes for the bartender to come back to take our order, I went back to the host to explain how long we've been waiting and that we would take first available.  The manager was there at the time. They put us at the end of the wait list now and told us it would be another 45 minutes. Nice! I went back to get my husband and leave. However, the bartender was now there to take our order. When I acted a little perturbed that she didn't come back to take our order for so long, she rudely said "well I told you it would be a few minutes."  Anyway, with the amount of time invested in this dinner and being incredibly hungry, we went ahead and gave our order to the bartender. The food came about 30 minutes later and it was cold.  While we choked it down (we didn't dare send it back after all this), people were lined up next to us to order drinks -- they were not getting service at their tables. So, I had people yelling in my ear and probably spitting in my food while they talked! It was a complete mess and we won't be going back. Too bad...