My husband and I have been looking for really good Mexican food since we moved to Charlotte. I came across Azteca when searching on Yelp! And we decided to give it a try. Upon entering, the hostess was nice and very accommodating (we had our one year old asleep in his stroller). The ambience of the restaurant is nice, some murals, a lot of brick and Spanish tile. Once we were seated, our servers took our order and brought out chips and salsa. Both tasted store bought. There was something weird about the flavor of the salsa that I just couldn't handle. It's like they put cotija in the salsa. It gave it a really pungent taste. By pungent I mean that sour tang you taste when you have aged cheese. Don't get me wrong, I like cotija, just not in my salsa. We started with Albondigas. The broth was good, but that was it. The meatballs were so dense. It was obvious that they massaged the meat too hard. We couldn't break them apart without them sloshing in the broth. On top of that, they lacked any flavor. The potatoes and the carrots were raw and so undercooked. The only thing that was cooked correctly was the zucchini. Seriously? They serve raw vegetables in their soup?? I ordered one shredded beef taco and one cheese enchilada. My husband ordered one chicken taco, one beef taco, and one geese enchilada. My son woke up and we ordered him a simple cheese quesadilla. My son's quesadilla came out first. My first reaction was "wtf?" It was a quesadilla with cheese smothered all over the outside. It was everywhere and it was so greasy, it looked like it was sitting in a puddle of orange oil. I pushed it aside. There was no way I was feeding that to my son. My meal came next. It was okay. I think this restaurant uses the wrong cheese and too much of it. My entire plate was yellow. It's like there was a sale on American cheese and the restaurant was trying to use it all up. The beef in the taco was good, the shell tasted and looked store bought. My husband felt the same way about his plate. While they do have big portions, it doesn't make up for the lack of flavor, and in the case of the albondigas, it doesn't make up for the lack of edible food.