One and a half stars would be my real choice.

We went there on a slow Sunday eve after the mall was closed.  Over the night there was no more than 20 people in the place at one time.  On the staff side they had 3 bartenders a bar back and I saw at least 5 servers and two runners.  

Ok, first the two one star reviews were spot on about service.  The waitress we had was not knowledgeable about the menu at all and very very slow (yes we also wondered how you are slow when no one is there).  On three occasions we asked about something specific on the menu and all three times she had no clue, twice she never even came back with an answer to our question.

Second, the chips were tasty and the salsa wasn't that bad, HOWEVER there are huge chunks of garlic in it.  I found that out after one was in my mouth, and its not a pleasant experience chomping down on garlic.

I personally LOVE specialty places like gourmet burger joints, and the thing that you specialize in you should do really well.  I found the taco's that I had to be decent but not spectacular.  Very small in size (yes I know street tacos should be small) but they didn't have a ton of flavor.  I had the crawfish and buffalo chicken tacos.  There was about 3x more cabbage on my plate then there was actual taco and I really couldn't taste the fish.  The chicken on the taco was decent but the sauce was watery and had no kick.  My wife had the carne asada taco and she wasn't raving either.  The other problem I had with the 8 tacos we ordered was that it took about 20 - 25 minutes to get to us.  So if 8 tacos take 20 mins in an empty joint, I am afraid to see how long it would take in a full house on a Friday eve.

On the good side, I too like the vibe in that place and the drinks are very good.  I had the sangria (needed some real fruit in it) and it was really refreshing and I enjoyed it.  My wife loved the purple haze and called it a VERY DANGEROUS drink.

Overall they need a lot of work.  If they don't they will imho be where all the other places in that spot are.  In restaurant heaven.