After over a 5 year hiatus, I decided to give Cabo another try last night and I'm sorry to say it was still a massive disappointment. While it filled my belly, my latest experience reminded me why I haven't eaten here since 2010. In a town with so many great Mexican food options, I can't understand why anybody would choose to dine here. I know, lots of you probably have coupons, comps, etc., but I don't think I'd come back to eat here even for free. 

The dining room itself is nice and open with fun decor. The atmosphere is lively and fine (and it's NOT smoky although it's inside Sunset Station and right off the casino floor). The hostess was friendly and we were seated quickly. 

The service was fine but not great. It took a long time to be greeted at the table by our server but the busboy brought over some chips, salsa and bean dip (all just okay). Our waiter was super-heavily cologned. I don't mean he was wearing cologne, I mean he was doused up so heavily that when he dropped off our drinks, you could smell his cologne on our glasses! Whenever he came over to check on us, his smell lingered on far after he had vacated our area. He smelled nice but whoa, did he spill the entire bottle of Axe Body Spray on himself? Yikes!

The star of the show here is the salsa bar. There's a large bar with chips, bean dip, and lots of different salsas. You can help yourself to anything up there, so if you are like me and NEVER seem to have enough pico de gallo with your meal, you'll be a happy camper. I loaded plate after plate with heaping mounds of pico and it was awesome. Some of the salsas are pretty good, I'll give them that. But a salsa bar can't save this place.

We ordered the queso dip, steak fajitas and shrimp fajitas. The queso arrived first. It was in a big bowl (huge portion) but something wasn't quite "right" about it. It wasn't a large bowl of melty real cheese, and it wasn't even melted Velveeta. It had an almost powdered milk taste and consistency. It was one of the worst "queso" dips I have ever had. It was just plain nasty. I can't figure out what the heck was in it but it was maybe 1% cheese. I eat queso at every Mexican restaurant I've ever been to and this stuff was awful. Skip it. 

Next up came our fajitas. We had asked for a side of vegetables instead of the rice and beans. It's nice that you can sub the veggies with no additional charge, but the veggies were a complete afterthought. I was hoping for some nice peppers and zucchini, but what we got was basically a glorified plate of canned corn. Yuck. The fajitas were fine but the meat wasn't properly seasoned. The vegetables were cooked well but tasted mostly of salt. The prices were ridiculous considering the miniscule portions (my fajitas had 8 small shrimp for $15.99). A plus side for low carb diners is that the menu even states that you can get lettuce cups instead of tortillas with your fajitas and tacos, so score a star for that!  

I'm just not a fan of this place.