You can't swing a dead cat in Vegas without hitting a great restaurant.

Or, apparently, you can. 

I'm in Vegas for a wedding and the group dinner for the first night was at Diablo's. I wouldn't have picked this restaurant if just for the name, but when you're dining in a group, you have to suck it up and roll with the punches.

Not surprisingly, this place was huge and blaringly loud. We started trickling in a few at a time and no one came by to take our drink order until our entire party was seated. That was a little annoying since I was one of the first ones there and in dire need of a drink. It seems they would sell more if they didn't wait for everyone to be at the table, but I digress.

The drink menu had the usual suspects. I opted for a drink called the Frida Kahlo which was made with tequila, berries, lime, and soda. It was not a good combination, but I managed to suck it back nonetheless.

The server then brought over three baskets of chips with various salsas, that while were different in color and texture, all tasted the same. The chips had no real flavor either. I was not holding out a lot of hope for the rest of the meal.

The items on the dinner menu pretty much all contained buzzwords such as "smothered with cheese"and "drowning in sauce." Gross. The least offensive thing I could think to order since I wasn't very hungry was "Four Cheese Nachos." When it arrived, it was, as promised, smothered in cheese. I could only taste and see one kind of cheese though, and I think it was American. Disgusted, I pushed it aside and ordered a giant margarita. The margarita was strong, but balanced, and now served as my dinner.

We were dismayed that the baskets of crappy chips and salsa were $3 each, especially since no one really ordered them. Only in Vegas, would you be charged for chips and salsa in a Mexican restaurant. 

With so many great dining options in LV, it's a shame we wasted our time on such a mediocre place.

Hopefully better dining awaits. If I have anything to say about it, it will.

This was truly the creme of the crap.