I have been a HUGE fan of Cafe Rio and went to the Gilbert location many many times when I lived in the East Valley.  I would actually drive more than 10 miles each way to get there I enjoyed it so much.  

Once I heard they were opening a location on my new end of town I was thrilled to say the least.  It was going to be my new regular place to go for Mexican food each week.  

Well......that is not exactly the way it turned out. 

I've been 3 times since they opened and have had identical experiences each time so I write this review in confidence that I did not simply just catch them on a bad day.  

Each time the line to get through was painfully slow.  The last time there were about 10 people in front of us and it took more than 20 minutes (yes I timed it) for us to be served.  I'm not amused by their singing in the least.  That does not show me that the staff is enjoying their shift.  In fact, they seemed stressed,  grumpy, and less than enthusiastic about interacting with customers.  

I'm willing to bet a big reason for that is the fact that they were understaffed each time.  Only 2 people working the front line?  Come on Cafe Rio. You guys are too busy to only have 2 people up front on the make line.  They did not have a runner refilling the bins either; not surprising that they were out of nearly everything.  Hey management/ownership, you are stressing your workers out and aggravating your customers by making us wait that long.  

Once we navigated the line and survived the slow service, we get to the end where we were asked if we wanted guacamole on our nachos.  They only had a tiny bit left, and they put that on top.  We looked at them and said, is that all you have?  We were told they would bring some more out soon.  When we slid over to the register and the girl at the register said that was the normal amount and if we wanted any more it would be an additional charge. So, they charged the $2.50 (or so) for it and said they would bring it out to us.  

By this point we are bugged and not enjoying our experience and were discussing how cheap they have become nickel and diming people.  In this case, an extra $2.50.  then they brought us out a little 2 oz cup of guacamole.  $2.50 for that?  Hardly....we took it back inside and got our money back for that.  I know food is not cheap and good food really is not cheap, but come on, stop being so chincy, CR. 

I've just noticed the meat portions have become smaller, the prices have gone up, the service has gone south, and now we are no longer loyal customers.