I have amended my review and added a star, I believe in being fair and honest in every situation. The manager did contact me the very night after reading my review. Although not my intention with the poor review, my money was refunded. The extra star is not for the refund but for the extremely fast response from the manager. So I retract my statement about them no caring they do. I wish them luck in the future and hopefully they can get the kinks worked out. 

We're always excited to see new, independently owned places on the West Side but once again we were disappointed. After seeing such rave reviews we were happy to find this place. After eating here I'm suspicious that the reviewers who gave this place 5 stars may have some affiliation with the owners or staff. When we walked in, there were a few occupied tables and everyone working there greeted us and one guy suggested we sit on the patio. We did and it was nice out there but then it took quite a long time for anyone to come out. When someone finally did he said he was going to get our drink order and then get us some menus. Weird order of events in my opinion. We had to wait until we got our drinks to even start deciding what we wanted to eat? The Hub's ordered an iced tea and I ordered a margarita with no salt. Our drinks and menus came out, mine with salt and when the Hub's asked for sweet n low the waitress said they didn't have any but offered sugar. Huh?! Ok, a little bizarre that they didn't have some sort of artificial sweetener but no big deal... until she returned with sugar on a paper plate. They apparently have iced tea but no sweeteners to offer with it. My margarita tasted like store bought mix and came out in a beer pint glass. Our food came out fast and it was ok until my husband got to the end of his French fries and there were curly black hairs in them. I have long blonde hair and my husband has auburn so they for sure weren't ours. I had to go in and give my credit card to the bartender to pay and when the waitress came back out with my receipt I showed her the hairs. She did offer to take the dish off of our ticket but I refused. He had eaten almost the whole thing so I didn't think that was fair. I heard her go in and summon the manager to show her the hairs but no one came back out to apologize so obviously they didn't care. I guess we'll continue to go to Phoenix or Scottsdale to get a decent meal. That's a shame.