Restaurant Week Review:

The food was good, and we happened to go on sunday with half off wine but the problem was that the restaurant week offerings were a "tasting menu".  That is not how any other restaurant did it, that is not how the online menu depicted the meals, and small tapas sized dishes do not count as "courses".  For what we got it was hugely over-priced.  $29 for 2 appetizers and a miniature dessert. 50 other restaurants around town managed to make full meals fit into the $29 price point.   If you can't follow the theme of the event, don't participate.  

One of the reasons we chose The Mission was that a drink was included.  We assumed it was a glass of wine.  Well, it was actually about 2 ounces of a frozen margarita.  Take away the ice and you have about a teaspoon of tequila.  Thanks!  They should have used a thimble  as the icon for their drink on the Restaurant week list.      

I got duck carnitas for "course 1".  It was 3 quarter sized gorditas.  (I am not exaggerating the small size)  It was tasty but if I wanted hors d'oeurvres I would go to a cocktail party.  My gf got a Rock Shrimp Salad which was small but decent too.  

For appetizer 2 I got the Pork Shoulder and she got the Grouper.  I got maybe 2 oz of meat and she got maybe 3 ounces of fish.  Both were good, but not satisfying.  

For appetizer 3 (dessert edition) we got the churros with a chocolate shake which was 4 pinky sized churros with about 3 sips of a milkshake.  I think I could have stored the entire amount in the straw.  The gf got Pastel de Almendra which I don't remember how it was.  Wasn't great, wasn't bad.  

Of the 4 places we tried for Restaurant week, this place came in last.  Food wasn't as good as the others (Avalon, Wildfish, Papas Tapa Frita) and obviously the hobbit portions were not in the spirit of the event.  I'll stick to the other places that sacrificed a little profit margin in order to gain a new customer Vs this place trying to find a way to take as much money as possible while doling out the least amount of food pleasure.