OK, went here last Friday on 7.24.09 for lunch. Got there around 11:50, thought I'd beat the lunch crowd to sit and eat. I had never tried this place but have driven past it a few times. Well we pulled up to this detached building, from outside it had a bit of charm to it, all brick with a huge outdoor patio/bar area. We walked in and again the building had a nice charm to it. But at this point I started noticing all the details that started looking more of a taco shop instead of a restaurant. I waited near the door for a couple of minutes before a waitress noticed I was waiting to be seated. She said go ahead and find a spot, so we did. We sat inside cause it was insanely hot outside. 
We sat down and waited for someone to come by to order drinks or get a menu, and we waited and waited. About 5 minutes later our waitress comes by. She said she'll be right back. Still without menus and waiting we looked around at everyone else waiting as well. I'll give them this, there was a huge grove of office people all sitting at one table but there where two or three waitress for a tiny little restaurant. So finally our waitress fly's by us and throws us one menu, I guess to share? After the menu, a bowl of chips and salsa come our way. Well let me tell you this, the chips were the bottom of the bag, cause the chips were broken up so much we couldn't even us them to dip into the salsa. We were starting to get hungry so we started eating the crumbs. 

OK so by this time we take a look at the fast lunch menu, so we could get back to work on time. We picked out our selection really quick, but again had to wait until our waitress wanted to stop by. Finally she came by, after I think the manager saw we were getting irritated. She took our food and drink orders finally. Well I ordered the Traditional Burrito w/carne asada, and my husband ordered the carne asasa chimmy combo. Well we got our food after 20 minutes. We noticed people that came in after us were getting served even before us.  We asked for some hot sauce and they brought back the same salsa as with the chips, which wasn't hot at all, just mild. We started eating the burritos and they were "OK". The sign outside said traditional Mexican food. Well it tasted like TeX Mex to me. 

After lunch was done we waited for our check, and waited. The waitress had come around once to say she will be right back with the check, but after 10 minutes or so of waiting we got up and went to the front of the restaurant were she was putting in a new order on the computer. I gave a nasty look to her, and wala, a check was handed to us. We paid and left upset with this experience. The only reason I didn't give this place a 1 star is because my food was eatable.