Getting to this particular location is half the battle. As other reviews have noted, it shares a parking lot with Best Buy, Buffalo Wild Wings, Chase Bank, Mellow Mushroom, Johnny Rocket and other locations... however Chipotle, despite being right next door to Best Buy with a lot front location has the longest walk to the door. Not to mention, regardless of where you park, you have to walk past a set of dumpsters.

This location does offer online ordering. That's a great thing these days for people on the go, however EVERY TIME I order online I end up waiting longer than if I were to just in line. Each online order I've placed has caused me to wait an additional 15 minutes on top of the half hour recommended wait by the website, I.E.: If I order at 5:00 the website will say "you're food will be ready for pick up at 5:30". When I arrive at 5:30 I find out my order hasn't even been looked at and the cashier has a look of shock on their face, and I don't get my food until 5:45. Instead of rushing my order, they put it through the line with the other people standing in line. At the longest, I've counted as many as 6 people going through the line while I waited for my online order. While the staff usually gives me a free drink to keep me calm I look at this as putting a band-aid on the situation while I'm standing there looking like a crazy person waiting on my food.

One time this happened and the manager actually ran out to me to in the parking lot and he was VERY apologetic. He gave me a coupon for a free taco/burrito/bowl to get me to come back. Well at much chagrin, I went back. This time I stood in line instead of ordering online so I could get out quicker. At the register I presented my "free food" coupon. The cashier looked at it and handed it back to me saying "this is a buy one get one free coupon if you want we can make you another burrito so this will be legit." I looked over the coupon and no where on it could I see a "buy one get one free". I showed the cashier and she stood her ground on it. I asked if her manager was available and she said, "no, are you not going to pay because if you're not I'll need you to move so I can help the next customer." I left my food on the counter and passed the coupon on to a group of fire fighters standing in line.

Well, I went home and promptly e-mailed Chipotle's corporate headquarters and explained everything. Within 20 minutes I was in dialogue with the regional manager. She contacted the branch manager, the one who gave me the "free" coupon. He knew exactly who I was according to the regional manager. She personally sent me a stack of coupons for free food and forced the branch manager to train all the staff there on how to process the coupons and how to treat patrons.

Ok, so this time around I went in armed to the teeth in coupons and piss and vinegar. I went through the line. The tortilla guy, as usual rushed me through in a whirl of incoherent muttering about what I wanted on my three burritos. The meat and veggie guy didn't miss a beat on my orders. He saw the coupons and actually seemed stoked that I had them. I got to the cashier and he just looked pissed that I had them and took his sweet time processing them. Then charged me $6.24 for guacamole. Mike, the branch manager saw this as he was leaving his office and told the cashier to comp the guac because it just looked stupid to ring up 3 burritos and chips and salsa and drinks for free and then charge for guac.

So I recommend Chiptole for their food because it is good and  you get what want the way you want it. The service at this particular location, in stark contrast to their food, sucks. They are quick to argue with the customer when their manager is not present yet tuck their tales when he is around. If you have a coupon, prepare for battle. Do not bother ordering online. They will lose or forget your order and just make you wait longer. Going through the line is actually quicker regardless of how long the line is.