OK, so I have been t o the original location and it was at least a 3.5. We tried the new location tonight and they definitely have some growing pains. We arrived around six and the place was pretty busy. It just got more busy as the evening wore on. This also happened to be all you can eat taco/enchilada night. Who knew?

The decor is average at best. Some really nice stone work, but lemon yellow walls can use some muting. Laminate flooring speaks to keeping cost down over quality. The tables are already lopsided. Seems like they skimped on the furniture as well.

On to the meal. 

I ordered the taco/enchilada pig fest while my wife ordered the carne asada. It took over 20 minutes for the food to arrive, which was pretty surprising. Carne asada takes like six minutes and they just had to be prepared for the all you can eat menu. In the meantime, the salsa had some bite, pretty good, and the chips were ok. The basket that the chips came in was tiny...think small hot dog basket. And it had no liner....salt all over the table. Again, no big deal, but why not bigger chip style baskets and liners? Seems like another budgetary decision.

The taco and enchilada platter were as expected...about a three. They let the tacos rest in the enchilada sauce making them soggy which is really common. That bed of lettuce is just never enough to keep the tacos safe. I would ask for a separate plate next time. The taste of the food was actually pretty good, though the taco meat could use some pep.  

The carne asada was  a huge disappointment. The first iteration came out inedible. It was crispy on the ends and dry on the inside. They cooked us another steak, and it was better, but still well done when she had ordered medium. It was also completely unseasoned...not even a hint of salt, let alone a marinade. They have to nail the basics or they have no shot. 

To end on a positive note, the server was polite, if over tasked. The management removed the carne asada meal from the tab, even after making it again. We didn't mention that the second one was over-cooked...why pile on? Extra tip for the waiter. 

I hope they can get it going to rival the original because I really am a fan.