Valle Luna Chandler

My wife and I were kid free the other night and were deciding where to go and deducted down to Valle Luna because of the lakeside setting. We got there and parked in the lot and the very first thing you see in the front parking lot is an overflowing open gated nasty dumpster with boxes and rotton food spewing out. We nearly turned around and said S@REW THIS, but we didn't.

Inside we asked the host for patio seating which she said was booked; however, there was first-come-first-serve on the bar patio. Scored a ringside seat next to the lake! Yippie! I'm so gettin' some tonight with this setting. However, the ambiance was really marred by 2 things. First was the wafting of clouds of cigarette smoke lofting into our serene spot. Ewww, not to be a hypocrite as I smoked like 12 years ago..no check that cigarettes are gross. The other issue was the EXTREMELY INTOXICATED middle aged foul mouthed trashy cougar hooker seated behind us. Her and her skank girlfriend sat down about 1/2 hour after we did and she was friggin' hammered upon being seated. She later exclaimed to her friend about how she'd been drinking wine ALL DAY...yea really, you handle and hide it well. I totally shook my head as I watched the server dude take her order and thought, "Dude you're not really going to serve that sloshy puddle more booze are you?" and he did - and multiple times. Unbelievable! Where's the Liquor Board when they're needed. 

The other issue about the facility is the stank in the bar area. It has the aroma of a high school boys locker room. They really need to address this as it's nasty...carpet looks like it hasn't been cleaned this millennium. 

You can't go wrong drinking a Corona Light in this atmoshere and my wife had a Don Julio Blanca Marg Rocks that was good to. Later she prdered teh same but with a Chambord shot in it...awesome drink!

My wife loves that they serve a bean dip with the chips and I thought the salsa was very tasty and chunky. I hate it when the salsa is watery thin. Chips were good ny wife said as I don't eat them. 

My wife had red cili enchiladas that were just ok...nothing special. I was pleased to see sea bass on the menu...yea! Ordered it but the server forgot to ask me which of the 2 sauces I wanted or about the sides. I flagged him down and told him the sauce and also said that I didn't want any rice. Food comes, there's the friggin' rice all over my plate. I'm not really picky but seriously I asked specifically for no rice and there it is and it's not like you can just push it aside as it crosses the international borders into the veggies, beans and fish sauce...forced to have a re-make. 8 minutes later and my wife is 1/2 done and here it comes back out. Looks good...taste is stone cold...what a shame as it was a good looking piece of fish. 

Without that lake...we would never come back.