The first time I went here was as the guest of my cousin for her work X Mas party. She is a grade school teacher as were the rest of the attendees, so to say this was pretty low key is an understatement. It was a great time though and the food was pretty tasty. The staff was attentive and the atmosphere was really enjoyable. This positive experience, however, really set me up for disappointment when I decided to meet some friends here for a regular bar evening on Friday. 

First off, I thought swingers bars were only the subject of crazy mishaps and investigations on CSI and Law and Order. Turns out, they really exist and this is it!

It was the bar's 10 year anniversary so there was free champagne, a live band (they were actually really good) and tons of 40+ year old cougars on the prowl. I spent most of my evening on the patio as to hopefully not catch anything but a draft of wind, if ya know what I mean. Unfortunately, after the third request to turn the heaters on, the waitress informed us that all but two heaters on the patio were broken. Guess they were just there for show or to create the illusion of warmth, like the fire pit that didn't actually work. 

I was told by a fellow patron that this was a swingers bar at which point I thought he was making fun of all middle aged people on the dance floor bumpin and grindin (I still can't get these images out of my head). On my way to the bathroom though, this sentiment was confirmed. A very friendly and intoxicated woman walking in front of me pointed to a door and said "I have seen no less than 8 couple bang (she used another 4 letter word, but let's try to keep it clean here folks) in there". She then proceeded to tell me that Cocomo Joes's and her husband cheated on her after they frequented the bar for the last 5 years of their marriage when they were in an "open" relationship. I felt bad for a moment until she blurted out "all is forgiven now that I found my sugar daddy here". She wasn't kidding.

Although I got quite the kick out of the people watching, I can only pray that this isn't me in 20 years. I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're into that sort of swinger thing...