I have been eating at valley Macayo's for most of my 48 years.  The service is great here and some things still remain, but this location is not living entirely up to the standard as far as food, quality, taste, service size and value for the price.  Old man Woody would not be pleased about this, I'm sure.  

For starters, the chips.  C  In a way I am glad they are no longer using lard, for health reasons, but they are kind of boring now.  

And the salsa.  B-   Where are the flavorful oregano chunks?  What happened with the original recipe?   Mostly tomato sauce.  Boring.  

the rice. C minus-  It used to be the most flavorful and large portion covering a good chunk of your plate. Where once lovely, soft pieces of oregano and cut green onions lay is now a bland and skimpy small portion.  The original flavor is gone.  PLEASE put it back.  

The beans.  A+ They are flavorful but portion size is down.  

The enchilada sauce. A+   It is still the original flavor.  They need to hold on to this.  You have not had great red enchilada sauce until you've had this one.  

The steak fajitas.  D  - At $15.99 they came in flavorless, kind of chewy and only a miniscule side of beans and pico mixed with lettuce (?) No rice.    It's almost like they forgot to season it.  Sad and not worth the money.   

The stuffed Pobalano Chile.  C minus.   Another disappointment.  Stuffed with tender chicken and breaded and deep fried, the intention was good.  But temperature of the deep fryer was too hot for this one as the crust was almost over done but the chile had not been properly tenderized.  It needs to be worked on folks.  I think an egg batter a la chile relleno would be an improvement here.  

And what happened to the open buffet happy hour?  This used to be my regular drop off point after work.  

The music.  It was an ecclectic mix of modern Latin.  I didn't really get into it.  

The decor.  It is still okay.  I think I liked it better previously though.  

There are still some wonderful econo choices for dishes, but overall, prices seem to have crept up, taste is down and portion size is down.  The old Macayo's was much better.  Please put it back like it was!