I love Mexican food.  The more authentic... the better.  Hole-in-the-wall?  Great!   Nobody speaks a lick of English?  Perfect!  C grade from the health dept?  As long as the food tastes good and I don't get sick!

So when some of my Mexican friends invited me to dinner at Los Molcajetes on Eastern, I figured I would feast as if I was south of the border.  

When I walked in, I thought the ambience was decent.  Servers were friendly and the chips & salsa were really good.  I ordered a Corona and was disappointed that the beer wasn't that cold.  My friends ordered what they called Mexican Cola, which is basically Coke bottled in glass bottles in Mexico.  

They had several TV's on Hispanic channels that were blaring so loud we could hardly talk.  

We ordered an appetizer dish of mini tacos that were covered in shredded lettuce, sliced avocados, and piled high with Mexican cheese.  This was delicious!!!

I told the server that I wanted to order the dish that they were famous for and she recommended the Molcajetes, which I later learned was basically the bowl that it was served in.  For $7 it was a bargain.

The actual meal was okay.  A bowl that was filled with everything but the kitchen sink.  Beef, chicken, shrimp, grilled green onions, avocado, tomatoes... all drenched in a spicy sauce.  It was okay.  Perhaps more suitable for sharing because it was huge.  For $17, not bad considering it would've fed 2+.  

During our meal, some guy started walking around with a stack of bootleg dvd's selling them for $5 each.  Odd.  Haha.  

As we finished our meal, a mariachi band asked each table if they wanted a song.  If you pay them, they stand around your table playing music so loud that you can't even hear yourself think.  

I felt that the restaurant was a real miss.  Nothing was special except for what they do for birthday celebrations.  They bring out a sombrero and put it on the birthday customer and sing to them.  They have a tambourine going and clap really loud.  At the end of the song, the guys in the kitchen scream and blow on that loud, obnoxious vuvuzela horn that they blow at soccer games.  

I won't be back.  They seem to do very well so don't let my review keep you from trying it for yourself.  It's worth trying at least once.