Not very impressed with the restaurant.  Being from Mexico, we know authentic food.  This is at best 70% authentic. Wife and I ate there a few times and found the taste was never consistent. The wait staff is unprofessional in appearance.  You don't know who works there.  No uniforms or even shirts saying Cinco.  One worker was at least wearing a Mexican soccer jersey and that made us at least feel someone was trying to be authentic.  Steelers tee shirt shirts and unkempt appearances of the wait staff make you feel like you are in a cheap bar.

Our latest visit was on Sept 16th (Mexico's Independence Day).  The owners did nothing to promote this.  This was a huge disappointment for the someone of Hispanic decent. I guess the owners would rather "sell out" and be an "Americanized Mexican" restaurant than truly be authentic. 

Other visits to the restaurant we experienced dirty glasses piled up on the bar near the ice maker.  I also noticed a bartender using her hands in addition to a glass to scoop ice from the ice machine.  Dirty!!!! No, I don't want ice in my drink.  I should have called the health department on that one.  

Our dinner one was horrible one night.  Wife order a soup that looked more like they dumped left overs in a bowl and served it to her.  The side order of my beans smelled and tasted spoiled.  The soup we were familiar with it because we had it before.  This time, there was something definitely wrong. I swore not to go back again, but I thought let's give them a try again.  

Happy hour prices.  Watch out for this catch!  Happy hour drinks and appetizers are advertised on a sign at the door.  These are for only at the bar, not at a table. Not all of the appetizers are on special either.   

Overall I have been disappointed. Food is just okay and  never consistent in taste.  Prices are a bit high for what you get.  But then again, they are located in an upper middle class neighborhood, but  the people don't know any better.  I hate to say it, but I don't expect them to last very long.  Poor service, less than good food, unprofessional staff and high prices will drive them out of business.  I hope the owner changes some things at this restaurant.  It would be good to see a place that serves truly authentic Mexican food.