We dropped by last week to see what Casa Rasta is all about. Having read tons of rave reviews about their previous location, I was very excited to see that they had moved close-by.

My wife and I had an unexpected afternoon off, without the kids. I pulled out my phone, and consulted it for lunch suggestions. To my surprise, I saw that Casa Rasta had moved nearby, and we decided to check it out. 

We rolled in for a late lunch and found the place to be quite empty - which was somewhat shocking. How could such a fabled place be empty? I admit we were a little worried... There was only one other table occupied there, but they seemed to be enjoying it, so we stayed.

From the time we sat down at our table, to the time our orders were taken, it was at least 15-20 minutes. The waiter was friendly enough, but it just seemed like things were off at the restaurant. Not that I'm always in a hurry, but it would have been nice to get the ball rolling early with some drinks and an appetizer while we looked through the menu. Well, that didn't happen either. When we did get the chips and guacamole, they really did seem like Trader Joe's midlevel stuff. Would have been nice to have warm, salty and thin tortilla chips and guacamole that was freshly made table side, especially since the restaurant isn't too busy.

We ordered 4 tacos to share. They do offer a broad variety of different flavor options... but... they pretty much all tasted the same. The best ones were the jamaican jerk and conchinita pibil. The seasoning was off, and everything was actually rather bland. The corn tortillas for the soft tacos were decent, and held up well to the fillings.

I guess it's hard to move away from your original spot and end up right next to a tex-mex place across the street. I would have liked to taste more "fusion" between Caribbean and Mexican food, concentrating on really awesome new ideas, and tighten things up. I'm always looking for that next innovative spot which beckons my taste buds, but it has to be good, and it can't merely live off past successes.

There are lots of "competitors" in this niche, with Patron just across the street and Smoke opening up soon in Lawrenceville - I hope Casa Rasta was just having an off day early during their soft opening days, and I wish them well. We will wait a few months to come back and see how things have changed, once they have had time to settle in.