I hate to be a dick. And by that, I mean giving a Taco Bell a poor rating on Yelp. But there are just some things that need to be brought to attention. 

This Taco Bell is extremely close to my house, which makes it an easy stop for a quick lunch or dinner or even snack. Two separate times I've been here come to mind. 

One was late on a Tuesday night, and my boyfriend and I decided to order at the counter and eat in the dining area. In our order, we asked for two sides of their nacho cheese. The young kid at the counter (who was polite) told us that there wasn't any nacho cheese, no big deal. He told us to hold on a minute, went into the back and asked his manager (we could hear him) where she told him just to tell us that we were out. Kind of suspicious..? Just tell them we're out? Huh. Okay. So we sat down, and about two minutes later the kid comes out and says that now they do have nacho cheese. Wow. Miracles do happen. Or, the management staff just made and employee lie to customers. It's called business ethics, people. She could have told him to say "It'll be ready soon" or "Sure we're just making it right now" but no, he was told to lie. Which is not his fault at all, but is the fault of the management staff. Food that day was nothing to get excited about. It's all Taco Bell and honestly you can't expect much. 

The second time we came here, we went to the drive through and in our order ordered 2 orders of cinnamon twists. We got home, luckily not far away, to find out that the cinnamon twists were shorted from our order. We drove back, and the same kid was at the drive through. He was nice enough to toss in a free cinnamon twist bag. However, when we got home my boyfriend nearly broke a tooth on one of the "cinnamon twists" that was actually an uncooked rotini-style pasta noodle covered in the cinnamon sugar. This was the part of the meal that really upset me. Taco Bell does not carry anything remotely close to pasta, meaning that the noodle had to have been placed in there on purpose or by some extremely odd and rare accident... It could have resulted in something extremely dangerous (breaking a tooth), but we were lucky enough that his pain was just temporary. Pictures of the noodle will be posted shortly.