What to do when you get to the airport WAY early AND your flight out of Vegas is delayed at least another thirty minutes?  Duh!  Drink, silly!

Since this was on my way OUT of Sin City instead of on my way IN, I was no naive sap:

Me: "How much is the Mangorita?" (drink prices are ODDLY not listed on the menu)

Waiter: "One Mangorita."

Me: "No.  How MUCH DOES IT COST?"

Waiter: "$12"

Me:  "That's what I thought.  I'll have a Mangorita, please."

Hey, you expected me NOT to get it? 

Actually, for Vegas prices, this was quite reasonable (who would have imagined that food and drinks would be CHEAPER at the airport than in the city you're visiting?).  The Mangorita surprisingly tasted like REAL and FRESH mango instead of some artificial "mango" syrup.  It was blended and slightly sweet but not syrupy and served in a pint glass. Also, the waiter claimed it had a double shot of tequila and while I couldn't taste it, I sure as hell felt it.  

Woo!  Drunk plane ride!  Yay!

I also ordered the chicken chimichanga.  As someone who used to fry chimis professionally in high school (yay crappy part time job!), I wanted to go back to the kitchen and give the cook a little tutorial.  The size was good, but it was undercooked on the outside (although nice and hot inside) so while the ends were crispy, the middle of the outside was kind of doughy (bleh).  I slathered on the generous portion of guacamole to hide the icky texture because, as mentioned above, the Mangorita was starting to take over my body.  It was filled with plenty of shredded chicken but also with shredded lettuce.  Um, WILTED shredded lettuce.  Bleh again.

The chips tasted like they came from a bag opened yesterday instead of being made on site. The salsa tasted like it may have been made last week by my mother who considers black pepper to be "too spicy" to add to her food. Triple bleh!

One last bit of super USEFUL info: this is ONLY a good option if you've got PLENTY of time before your flight.  

Our meal took over an HOUR.  The waiter came over, took our drink order, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back, took our food order, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back with our drinks, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back with our water, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back with our food, said "right away" when I asked him to bring the check, disappeared for 10 minutes, brought the check, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back for the check, disappeared for 10 minutes, came back with the receipt to sign.  I have no idea if he came back to pick up the signed receipt because we didn't wait around another 10 minutes.  

I found this really weird for a restaurant in an airport. We were inside the "secure area" so it's not like we just stopped by for a nice lunch.  We had a plane to catch!