I am so sorry that I didn't take a picture of the cheese enchilada that was served to us. It was the sorriest enchilada I have ever seen. Maybe a quarter of an inch thick, with cheap cheese that melted into liquid grease. 100% unappetizing, and they wanted to charge three dollars for a single one. No sides or anything.

Meanwhile I got their Thursday $5 special, the carne asada. It at least had a proper portion size. But the meat was chewy and tasted almost old. Beans tasted pretty good, but rice was very mediocre. The waitress insisted that everything is fresh and they go to the market every morning for supplies. If that's the case, then they've figured out how to take fresh ingredients and capture that mysterious and elusive 'slightly outdated' flavor that's so hard to achieve with fresh food. I only managed two or three bites before giving up.

The chips were alright but nothing amazing. We got two rounds of them, and the second round tasted fresher than the first. Salsa was alright-ish but lacked sophistication, and had a slight burn in the back of the throat that managed to drag on and on. Top this off with the water tasting either like tap or like their filter had gone out. We both drank from my tea, just to mask the dubiousness.

So far this is completely in 'Eek!' territory, so why 2 stars instead of 1? The waitress that day was great. But she's apparently one of the bartenders and was just covering for the Maribel's staff today while they were short. She was extremely understanding, and took off both the terrible enchilada and the disappointing carne asada. We left without being charged, but we still happily left a tip.

And really, there were other patrons here who seemed to be quite happy with what they were getting, so I'm very confused about how lousy this was for us. I remember reading over these yelp reviews and wondering how you end up seeing a bunch of 4 and 5 star ratings and then an intermittent 1 or 2. I've definitely had a 1 or 2 experience today. Not sure if I'll ever return to try for a 4 or 5.