My wife and I decided to try this restaurant on a recommendation. I live in the neighborhood and this is a neighborhood shopping center so we thought why not. My initial ambivalence to trying this restaurant was that the shopping center is just awful quality, poor design, residential quality exterior furnishings, planters, etc.....dreadfull place. No detail dryvit buildings. I could go on but I'm already boring you. When we arrived there were more people outside than in (one family inside) so I agreed with my wife that people equal atmosphere and we requested an exterior table. For the brief moment I was inside it looked like they spent some money and looked great. Again, this is not the restaurants fault but the exterior awnings, light fixtures, tables were all fading because the developer bought the cheapest thing they could find to go with the dryit building facades. Ok...back to the dining. The salsa and chips were good...seemed fresh. The waitress was efficient with no personality. Table felt dirty, the ground felt dirty. There were no tableware which she did not realize until the food arrived. She could not have had more than 2 tables to serve. I had the Enchilada Verdes (chicken) and from the first bite it was extremely salty. I am somewhat of a believer that you order it as you want it and then eat what you get so I don't complain much. I cannot remember ever not loving a mexican dish but here in front of me was the first. My wife had the Beef Chimichanga and after a couple bites she had the same thoughts. When the efficient waitress came by at the end of the meal with  a nice dessert treat I told her the meal was tasty but was extremely salty. We got a "hmmmm" from her and a questioning look and that was it. No, "I'm sorry you did not enjoy it". We heard the table next to us complain about the food also saying they had eaten there before and had the same dish several times but that it was not nearly as good as they were accustomed to. The waiter apologized at least. By the way saying the food was tasty was my way of being nice for I could not get past the salt to taste much else. I wish them much success but I cannot say we will be back.