We were meeting friends in the music factory this weekend and we wanted to try somewhere new. We read the reviews on Yelp and noting the theme of slow service we went early armed with an OpenTable reservation.

Our visit started out very well with our reservation being promptly honoured and finding out that on Saturday night all their draft beers were $4. Including local favorites such as Noda Jamsession and Birdsong Higher Ground IPA we were impressed. 

We decided on the second combo platter option - two tacos, a quesadilla and an enchilada. We chose carne asada for both tacos and when I started to ask if we got an option for the quesadilla and enchilada our waited abruptly cut me off to inform me we only got one of each, which wasn't where I was going but we figured it mean they would be simple bean and cheese. I did not realize until looking back at the menu to write this review that Texicali only has on enchilada option and one quesadilla option on their entire menu. The menu states their enchilada was brisket (I could have sworn it was pulled pork) and the lonely quesadilla option is chicken and spinach. 

The food came out hot and fresh from the kitchen in about 15 minutes which was about the time it took us to finish our chips and salsa (which were just ok - they definitely aren't into giving out full baskets of chips like most Mexican places and gave out a small plate with a handful of chips). The carne asada tacos were actually pretty good but had liquid spilling out profusely. They would have been soggy if they were not eaten immediately. Unfortunately this liquid drained on to our plate and made the quesadillas very soggy. I did manage one corner that was not soggy and that part was pretty good. The enchilada was completely underwhelming. 

With a storm clearly brewing outside we were in a hurry to get our check and relocate but at this point our server was nowhere to be found and almost 20 minutes later I had to aggressively flag him down to get the check.

All said it wasn't a terrible experience but with better options nearby we probably will not return for food though we might hit up the drink special if this place is still open next time we go to the music factory.