Ahh La Paz, what a long and twisted legacy you have here in Charlotte.  3 different locations, with different owners, and menu alterations.  While I thought the space on South was a great location, you now pop up in the new and modern Metropolitan in your latest incarnation.  

Hence my first problem, you walk into this space with near floor to ceiling windows, concrete floors, and then heavy wooden booths and woodwork that only extends about 2/3s of the way up to the ceiling.  The juxtaposition is jarring and appears forced, like sticking a cabinet-style tube TV in a room full of IKEA furniture. Worse yet, the high ceilings cause echos from both the kitchen and the other guests that are constant and unpleasant.  Bottom line, it just doesn't work and the space feels underutilized.

Chips and salsa, as at most such places, are complimentary fare and not much has changed here for La Paz.  Salsa is the same as I remember and is a strong point for my tastes- fresh, very finely diced to the point of near-puree, and a kick of heat.  

The lunch menu I saw had some standards and some new fare, but nothing that seemed inspired or "outside the box."  With the modern space it would be exciting to see some modern takes on the standard burrito, quesadillas and tacos.  No mas here.  Tacos come two to an order with a choice of side.  My choice of this date of black beans was actually nice- black beans tasted fresh and were appropriately seasoned.  My fish tacos were a bit of a jumble though, as the fish portion seemed quite small in comparison to the slaw filling.  The fruit salsa inside also lacked vibrancy.  

I do have to say, though, that our server (while seeming new to the business due to a slight sense of unease at our table) worked very hard to keep drink refills coming and then making sure we had plenty of chips and salsa.  It is obvious management is making a push here as our server also made a point to tell us about the survey/comment cards in the check folios and politely requested we fill them out unless we were in a rush.  I appreciate that- it certainly seemed like a honest request and reflected the fact that the business was new and trying to address deficiencies.  

Prices for lunch were in line with what you'd expect in the neighborhood, which is another point where this La Paz just blends in with the rest of the crowd.  Obviously there is some work to be done here, but unless they can differentiate themselves from the more-established competition nearby, I can't find a compelling reason to make this place a regular.