On a recent whim the best friend and I decided to venture out from our familiar Tempe surroundings and head into Phoenix for some dinner. While I had heard of the Los Dos before I have never taken the time to get here until one fateful November night.

We arrived and parked up close to the door which I thought was to indicate we would have no wait, how I was mistaken! There was no obvious signs from the outside that the seating inside was so small. We put in our name and waited on the outside patio where we had some chips and salsa to wait for our names. 45 minutes later, a bowl of chips and two frosty AZ dwellers were seated inside near the kitchen entrance. Hooray!

Noted was the décor of crazy New Mexico style. An employee took our drink and appetizer order quickly and our chips/salsa and guacamole came out quickly. Besides finding pieces of the core in our guac we were beginning to be satisfied. Another different employee came to take our food order which we were ready to provide. Things were looking up until the lights went off...

Apparently the tradition here at Los Dos is to turn the lights out for a birthday customer and bring them out a flaming Hispanic dish. The problem with this was that the lights were out for about 8 minutes before anyone produced said item. So there we sat, in the dark with no clue as to what was going on. Bells clanging, people clapping and fire spouting came the traditional celebratory food. Good we thought, we can carry on now.

Then things got ugly. Well, we got our dinners first, and then we notice a slight commotion in the corner table. What I originally thought was an older disabled man who needed help getting up after his dinner was actually a heavily intoxicated older man who had *ahem* thrown up his two margaritas and his dinner onto himself and the floor. From what my companion tells me the margaritas are particularly strong here at Los Dos and so we were present to witness this older man basically incapacitated from two Margs. Paramedics are called. Hoopla commences.

We decided to bite the bullet and finish our meal and try to make the best of things. The food it turns out is very good. Tamales, tacos and chimichangas were ordered and enjoyed. Very flavorful and well made, definitely enjoyed the green sauce here. Not too hot and not too weak, just right.

Unfortunately this brings the final flaw in our night of dining. After our dinners were brought out to us, we sat, and sat and sat some more with no employees even looking at us for nearly 35 minutes. No queries for drinks, more chips, dessert, nada. I finally went up to the register and the lady handed me my check. I asked if this was the normal practice because I had never been to the restaurant before and had sat waiting for additional help/check/anything. She nodded and apologized to then blame the craziness that had gone on. While I understood, there had been only two employees helping the elderly gentleman who tossed up his dinner and neither were the ones that had helped us thus far. 

Nevertheless I paid our tab and we made our way out. Full and satisfied from food but disappointed in the experience overall. Whether Los Dos will get another shot is still undecided, perhaps another location at the least.