The Cabo Wabo Cantina is another one of those tourist traps along the Strip...but then again, isn't Vegas one big tourist trap?  Come here if you're interested in some mediocre-to-average Mexican food and some good tequila cocktails - unless you have a strong aversion to very bad service and an unprofessional wait staff.  In my opinion: YMMV depending on your expectations and the mood of the waitperson.

Pros:
Party atmosphere
People watching
Strip location
Good tequila cocktails
Free shots for outgoing-types

Cons:
Quality of ingredients and taste of food
Wait staff
Wasted time (long wait for everything)

Let's start with the good: nice Strip location with a lot of foot traffic, which means you'll have plenty of people watching opportunities.  If you are the type to "do anything" and cut loose, then you might get a free shot, drink, or shirt - they have games or tequila lines throughout the day/night.  During dinner and throughout the evening, it does get pretty loud and party-like so be advised.  This place definitely isn't for families with kids, seniors, or those with limited mobility.

I went in with a party of 5 - 4 adults and 1 child.  The place is too loud for young children and the outdoor seating has you very close to the tables next to you - good luck trying to squeeze through with a stroller or going with somebody using a cane.  I spent about $100 (including tip) on just food - not bad for a casual bite on the Strip.  You get some decent sized portions for your money and the bartenders aren't shy about making stiff drinks, so it's not that bad if you can tolerate the wait staff and don't expect much from the food.

Our table ordered a few things, including: chicken fajitas, shrimp burrito, nachos, an order of tacos, and of course, drinks.  The food was ok, kind of bland and lacked any excitement despite the loud music blaring throughout the restaurant.  I thought the shrimp was actually good, both the way it was cooked and the marinade, which was a stark contrast to the rest of the items we ordered.  The food isn't up to par with Chevy's but the food is better than Diablo's Cantina; I think both places (Diablo's Cantina and Cabo Wabo) offer a party type atmosphere on the Strip with poor service.  

If you haven't guessed by now, I concur with the other reviews: Cabo Wabo has terrible service.  They have a young and unprofessional staff that couldn't care less about doing their job let alone paying any attention to the customer's needs.  Maybe they'll come by for more drink orders, maybe they'll come by to bring you the check, maybe they'll come back with your credit card - the whole experience makes you feel as if you're gambling.  Either the folks who work here have never eaten at a restaurant or they pick and choose their moments based on personal preferences/prejudices.  Management is obviously not looking for repeat customers - they are a one and done outfit.  

I think it is odd that most of the "hip" joints on the Strip have suspect service and less than average food tied to a decent atmosphere (because of the customers and nothing to do with the actual place).  When compared to similar outfits, the Cabo Wabo is "ok" in terms of food, but you really have to check your service expectations at the door.  This place would be a totally different experience with a competent crew, but as it is, I cannot recommend this place to anyone looking for a stress-free meal.  Unfortunately, the Cabo Wabo is completely YMMV based on the whims of your server.