We stopped by after hitting up the Apple Store for the $5 special in May. It was a mad house with lots of folks trying to get in on the deal. Was it worth the wait to pay $5 an entree? Probably not. Would I ever go back? Probably not.  It was similar to an On the Border - not really authentic Mexican and for goodness sake it was attached to the mall.

The wait staff seemed to be overwhelmed with the restaurant packed with bargain hunters and it showed with the service we received. After taking our order the waiter disappeared only to return 40 min later with our entree's. One of the floor managers actually brought us refills on drinks and chips. I was willing to overlook that because of the crazy special they were running but I draw the line at what was served.

 My husband ordered the flank steak and  when it came out it was embarrassingly tiny and burnt.  I laughed and took a picture of it; I've had hotdogs bigger than that. The shrimp & steak fajitas came out on a cast iron plate but were luke warm like they were sitting in the window for quite some time. Seriously, if Chili's & Applebee's can master a hot cast iron steaming plate of fajitas and your restaurant can't there is something really wrong with the operation. The waiter dumped the entree's and ran - I'm pretty sure he knew what we were thinking when he set everything down. My thoughts were "You get what you pay for" and I was having buyer's remorse before the first bite. 

The floor manager stopped by and asked if everything was all right about 20 minutes later when we were scanning the room for the waiter to get the check. I asked her if the flank steak was normally that size and overdone. She said no and wanted to cook us another one. By that point we had been at the restaurant close to 3 hours and wanted to get out of there but she insisted on trying to make it right. We relented but it was far from impressive; Although the steak was a decent size it was undercooked. Better than being burnt like the first but far from the requested Medium Rare. (See my pics in the album for the before and after shots) 

The whole night wasn't a failure since we did get to visit the Apple Store but I don't think I will ever return to San Antonio's. Maybe it wouldn't have been so bad if we went a different time (when there is no $5 special) but next time I want to eat after shopping, I'll stick to the food court.