Two stars is being generous.

We wanted a night out...something different and last night while at Town Square and walking around we stumbled upon Coconuts Beach Bar and Mexican Grill. Let me just say, this place was SO much better when it was Lolita's Tequila bar. Not sure why they closed but they shouldn't have. 

We looked at the menu on the wall outside the restaurant and figured we'd give it a shot. 

When we walked in, we were greeted by a hostess and next to her was a waitress complaining about the table she had just waited on. Luckily, we were able to get a better server. And I feel bad for the sweet server we had. She deserves to work in such a better place. As a matter of fact, from observation alone, our server appeared to be the only one in the place who actually cared about her job. 

After being seated in a poorly lit area, we were presented with a small dinner menu and a large Margarita drink menu. We were given water and the waitress took our drink order. About 20 minutes later we received our drinks. My boyfriend was seated facing the bar and noticed that at first the wrong drink was made, followed by 1 drink coming out, then the other. 

The food was actually the best part about our time there.

We ordered the guac and chips. That came out quick and was decent. The chips were dripping of oil and freshly made. The guac could have used a little more salt, but we polished off the bowl so I can't complain too much. 

For dinner I ordered the "Carne Tacos" and he had the "Del Mar Enchiladas".  After about another 20 minutes or so the food came out and it was time to eat. The meals came with rice and beans. Both were delicious.  

The menu said the Carne Taco's would be served in 2 corn tortillas. I got 3 tacos in a single tortilla. The meat was amazing, but it was covered in onions the way you'd cover a chili dog in onions.  After removing most of the onions and a squeeze of lime they were perfect. 

The Del Mar Enchiladas I'm told were very good as well.  

Because I checked in on Yelp, we did receive a free dessert item. We went with the Fried Ice Cream, which wasn't bad either.  

Would I recommend this place to a friend? Certainly not.  Will we be back a second time to dine? No way!  

If this place wants to become a successful dining establishment, I suggest getting rid of the lazy people that don't care about their job, changing up the menu a bit and get bartenders that know how to make a drink quickly. Oh, and subscribe to Satellite radio rather than streaming Pandora with ad's.