Let me preface this: I was practically dragged here kicking and screaming. 

Whenever my in-laws visit town, they always wind up at the Sandbar and tell us how great it is. Except for that one time - you know, the time they got food poisoning. Despite this, my in-laws have been back several times and recently invited my husband and myself to join them. To put it mildly, I was a little hesitant.

First and foremost, Sandbar gets its name from the outside bar they have with actual sand and cabanas. Some of the bar top tables are surf boards and everything is extremely colorful and tropical seeming. Not relaxing tropical, but party tropical with loud music blaring. When I had to go inside to the restroom, I gagged on the sewage smell and almost passed out from the color scheme. Everything is multicolored - the tables, the chairs, the walls. Oh god. So colorful. 

The actual food was decent but I'll admit, I didn't eat much. The group ordered two of their triple dip - which is some white queso dip (tastes like melted down Cheetos and not in a good way), a refried bean dip (meh), and some guacamole (eh-okay). The chips come in a metal beer bucket which is supposedly bottomless. Now, I'm not sure if we ordered salsa or if it was free, but it was just mediocre as well. Someone was crazy enough to order the coconut shrimp, the ancho ribs, and the honey jalapeno chicken wings. You can order the wings boneless, which we did, but those just turned out to be popcorn chicken drenched in sauce. Not a winner-winner, chicken-dinner. As for the ribs, they were okay - again heavy on the sauce.
 
I was hesitant to order a drink, since I'm more of a mixed cocktail sort of girl and nothing looked amazing. (What can I say, I'm really picky when it comes to liquor.) My in-laws and other relatives ordered beer and wine, which seemed great to them. The waiter was quick to fill up a glass and bring out fresh bottles. 

Overall, it wasn't terrible but I won't be back on my own volition. I'm sure there are plenty of people that love the Sandbar (especially my in-laws) but it is definitely not my kind of restaurant or bar.