Chino Bandido Takee-Outee is a family business that I have eaten at for over 20 years. They have 2 locations, 19th Ave & Greenway in Phoenix and Chandler Rd. & Dobson in Chandler. I grew up near the Phoenix location and was addicted to their version Jerk Chicken and Pollo Diablo from first bite. When their food is fresh & demonstrates the diligent quality control that the owners intend, it is a gem of an experience. 

I was thrilled when they opened Chandler, as I now live there. Eve & Frank (owners) were around often in the beginning and it was just as wonderful as the original. Since the first year, however, the quality has really declined from the flavorful, made-to-order, quirky food that landed them on Food Network's, Diners Drive-Ins & Dives. 

Yesterday we were craving the TJ Veggie Quesadillas. This flat, bland, lettuce quesadilla was a far cry from the salad veggie packed quesadilla with seranno peppers. The Pollo Diablo in its intended form is one if my favorites. It lacked the attention that makes it so good. The garlic tasted burnt and it tasted as if it had also sat. I also ordered the Saturday special, Bean Tostada. While the black beans seem to be an infallible recipe, they loaded my poor 3 inch corn tortilla with a soup bowl of beans. I tried every which way to eat it and could not. I returned it and asked for another, & then understood why the 1st had a pool of beans. The corn tortilla could not be bit, cut, or torn  because it was so tough. My husband wanted to try something new and went for Chili Relleno. The Chili nearly disappeared among the greasy 1/2" thick cracker crust. His Gringo Chicken was good though. He use to get the Machaca often, however he tried several times in lthe last year and has decided not to anymore because it was often mushy. My son's Teriyaki Chicken was  good. The cookies were wonderful, chocolate volcanoes cooked perfectly soft. The daily cookie is the snickerdoodle, which is fine.

The 2 stars are in recognition that I love their Refried Black Beans & Volcanoes, and the Jerk , Teriyaki & Gringo Chicken are fairly consistent. It lacks the finesse for why they developed a cult-like following to begin with: Quality unique food. 

I will make a trip to the original location soon to see if they have upheld the beautifully simple, yet unique integrity of Eve & Frank's vision. I hope enjoy a perfectly glazed piece of Jade Red Chicken in all it's balanced sweet & spicy glory (rather than the gloppy stagnant stuff Chandler dished out to me a few months ago). I will post the outcome of that visit soon......stay tuned...... I am not giving up on them yet.