We were really excited. I mean really excited for this restaurant to open. We eagerly watched the remodel from Table 49 to Fiesta Mexicana and were so happy to have another restaurant near our house. We went in for dinner and as we were walking up to the front door, noticed a lot of after-dinner mint wrappers and cigarette butts on the ground. Sad that customers littered but it detracted from the beautiful building and gorgeous outdoor seating. We were greeted quickly at the front door and the inside has been completely remodeled with lots of uniquely hand-painted chairs and booths. 

The restaurant boasts "authentic" Mexican food but it is more like American-Mexican food similar to ordering at a chain restaurant. We were expecting more of an eclectic Mexican menu. We were happy to see octopus on the menu but that's where it stopped. No machaca. The menu consisted of burritos, tacos and the sort with rice and beans. 

Chips and salsa came quickly after we sat down but there were only about 12 chips in a small hot dog basket. The salsa was very good and we ordered seconds which we received quickly. 

Drinks were a beer and piña-colada which were good. We tried to order a skinny margarita but were told it included soda, agave, tequila and standard margarita mix which isn't "skinny" so we passed. I'm not sure that the waitress understood what the bartender told her so we'll let that go. 

We ordered the fiesta burrito and the Mexicana burrito. The portions are very large and are a good price for the size. Both had skirt steak which was overcooked and a bit dry and smothered in sauce. Two of us liked the mildly spicy sauce and one thought it could be hotter. Rice and beans were fine. The burritos were okay. 

We also ordered the seafood salad with the dressing on the side. What came was a plate of romaine lettuce with a lot of plain shrimp and 5 pieces of krab on top. There was no skimping on the amount of shrimp and they were big! But they still had the tails on so we had to take the time to shell the tails off each one before it could be eaten. When I asked the waitress for the dressing she first said it didn't come with any. When I pressed her that the menu said it came with a spicy ranch, she returned and said they were out. I ordered a side of guacamole to help with the bland taste but it was very bland too and I had to add salt and lime juice! The salad had no taste and was more like a shrimp cocktail on a bed of romaine with no cocktail sauce. I would not recommend it. It had absolutely no taste. 

The waitress was friendly and checked on us but nothing that would bring us back. We hope some of the issues are because it just opened but due to the collaboration of everything, will stick to our other two Mexican restaurants nearby. Bummer.