i normally just do check in quick reviews, but the fact that this place had so many high reviews made me feel as though i must log on and speak the truth.
the problem with yelp is that no two people have the same taste in food. i think my tastes are much more refined than say, the people who go ahead and give mc donald's 2 or even 3 stars. i LOVE food. and i am willing to spend money on a satisfying meal with good service. that being said, i am starting to believe that when a place like this gets such high reviews, it is the quality of the taste of the reviewers that is lacking.
i made reservations for 8pm and arrived at around 745. we were seated rather immediately, then proceeded to wait and be COMPLETELY ignored for about 20 minutes. this was a busy friday evening, and there were TWO servers, obviously not enough for this establishment, since not one could even spare a second to stop by the table and at least give a friendly greeting. other tables were enjoying their free chips, salsa, and guac while we sat with an empty table waiting.  eventually i got up and asked a waitress if we could have some water.  then more time went by while we continued to be ignored.
FINALLY a waitress came over and said, "what would you like?"
at which point we ordered, and i said, "and do we get free chips and salsa?" she said yes, and after taking our order ran off again. this is a tiny place so i could see everything that was going on, and as the minutes continued to tick by, every time i saw her pull up a plastic basket i hoped it was for our chips and salsa, but alas, it wasn't, time and time again. AGAIN, i finally asked the other waitress if we could get our free chips and salsa, and it was brought.
at this point others were sitting around us, and being treated in the same manner. i felt embarrassed for them and bad, that they were sitting, staring around, waiting for someone to just ask them what they wanted to drink as we had done moments before. 
when the food finally came, i was excited because i had read so many incredibly positive reviews that i really expected a taste sensation. i was so disappointed. main word to describe what i tasted would be BLAND.  the only thing i enjoyed was the fish taco, which was really good, but i think that was mainly because of the sour cream, for which i am a sucker. i also got fusion lettuce wrap and fusion tostada, both with chicken, and both pretty damn boring. i think the deal with this food is that if you don't like spicy and don't get it with spicy sauce then you don't get flavor. this is me, unfortunately.
that being said, my boyfriend got the fusion burrito and absolutely loved it, as well as the pork sliders, which i must also admit were delicious. 
however i was so offended by the service it took the rating down so many notches, and then the food being so bland just solidified a two star rating.  i suppose the only reason it's not at a one star is because the prices were INCREDIBLY cheap, but, again, cheap food isn't worth it to me if what i'm getting amounts to crap.
frankly i would have gotten more bang for my buck at taco bell.