THEY MUST REALLY HATE WISCONSIN
Okay, so why, when the largest population of immigrants to the U.S. is mexican, did I go to a chain restaurant in the middle of a suburb when you could go to a smaller, less expensive place with better food and eat there?  And who hates Wisconsin?

First, it was late (2:30PM), and we didn't want to go too far.  We were staying near the Green-something Mall. 

Second, if there were any mexicans working in the kitchen of Abuelo's (meaning "grandfather" in spanish) they must really hate Wisconsin or have originally migrated there from Sweden, 'cause the food was just passable as mexican.  Ah, I see now that in Mexico, our "grandfather" never cooks.  I should have looked for a restaurant called Abuela's.

This place has the potential to be filled all the time because the food is too good to pass up.  It has the atmosphere of a beautiful mexican estate (not farm or ranch), and plenty of room to accomodate people.  I have never been there at night, so I have no idea.

Chips - stale, already a bad sign because we were not drunk to not notice.  We were starving, though, so we ate them.

Appetizers - Queso and guacamole - Guacamole was great.  Queso is a preference, but it was little thin and lacked, and I am surprised to say it in Wisconsin of all places, a CHEESE flavor.  Maybe it was too much milk in the mix.  A hint of red pepper and a thicker consistency is needed.

Drinks - Big, quick and good.  Nice presentation, no issue.

Fajita tacos - steak meat was nicely served and passable to okay.  It may have been overmarinated, but the plate should be hot and sizzling.  Check my review of Uncle Julio's Hacienda - much better in Chicago.

Fixings - about two lbs of grilled onion, two rings of green pepper, no tomato or japapeno.  Mexican beans were great, guacamole, cheese, cilantro were all fresh.

Salsa - thin and bitter, meaning they used stems or it was a bit too old.  It could have been the last of the batch (again due to the late arrival).

Guacamole - the only shining light; it was flavorful, fresh and perfectly seasoned.  

Service - passable, but I only got one refill on my ice tea at 2:30PM (1 of 5 tables in this 5000 sq ft place).

We were the hot, tired, starving people with moola looking to spend  some bucks on amazing food - not spicy, not piled high, not super high quality, but well executed, hot (or properly cold), inviting, simple dishes that people will order by the HUNDREDS and have a line at any time of the day.  At the time we went, I felt this place really needs to work on the execution at any time of the day.  If their lunch or dinner is great, which I expect it would be with all the turnover at that time, then they have to do well at ANY time of the day.  

I think they could really be the BEST upscale mexican place in the entire Madison area and crush everyone if they stick to a couple of things:
- Fresh
- Hot when hot, cold when cold
- Execute the simple perfectly (i.e. salsa, chips)
- Anytime and everytime