After a morning of hiking me, the bf and our boys we're all starving.  We had actually been to this place once before a few years ago and I'd remembered it being pretty good.  So we headed over.  Everything started out ok.  Our server promptly took our drink order and was very nice.  Our drinks came out quickly along with chips, salsa and shortly after, the tableside guac we ordered.  Salsa was bland.  No heat.  No flavor.  Guac was incredibly bland.  Our server recommended we add salt, but even after adding more...and then more salt, still bland.

Then we ordered.  My oldest son inquired about the seafood enchiladas.  Wondered about the size of them.  Server said they're not all that big, but recommended doing a trio and proceeded to list the different options.  My son decided on two shrimp and one mushroom.  Because we were talking about enchiladas we assumed that he was getting enchiladas.  After waiting what seemed like an eternity our food finally arrived.  The server placed a platter of fajitas in front of my oldest son.  He told her that he ordered enchiladas.  She said she was sure he ordered fajitas but she could take them back and get him what he wanted.  Given the lengthy wait we endured to get our original order, he decided to just eat the fajitas.  I ordered a combo with a veggie burrito, green corn tamale and cheese and onion enchilada.  The burrito was just veggies folded into a burrito.  I've never had a veggie burrito that didn't also have rice and beans in it.  I ended up taking the veggies out and eating them by themselves.  Cheese enchilada was also horrible.  Can't put my finger on what was wrong with it. . Just gross.  Everyone else's food was decent enough.  My other son loved his seafood chimichanga.

So, we're all finished eating and we watch as our server walks speedily past our table a dozen times.  Never asking if we need anything or if we're ready for our check.  Finally she stops and says she'll bring the check.  I had shown her my yelp check-in offer for 10% off at the beginning of our meal and I ask if she applied the discount and she says that the manager did apply it.  So then the check comes.  Our bill was $104.  The 10% discount was $3.95.  So I add everything up...minus the alcohol and get a total of about $84.00.  $3.95 is not 10%.  So despite my fear that if I mention this we will be stuck sitting there for another 20 minutes, I do mention it.  She then returns with the check and says the manager corrected it and informs me that the discount does not count towards alcohol, which I did know.  So, I open the check and now there's a $11.14 discount.  Weird.  Now, more than %10, so I'm not complaining since my son's fajitas that he got by mistake cost $19...way more than the enchiladas would have cost. All in all, not a great experience.  The place was clearly understaffed.  The servers were jogging back and forth from the kitchen and the dining room  No good.  We'll definitely be trying a different place next time.