Having Christmas Eve dinner with friends, we started with drinks and the fantastic guacamole with chips. As we filled up on chips, we joked that maybe we should have just stopped there and not ordered dinner. Little did we know how right we were going to be. 

We went the tapas route rather than entrees. We ordered... 

Duck carnitas empanada: The shell was tough, not tender and crunchy as it should have been. It also had a very distinct lemon flavor, which was ok, but a little odd. Otherwise, the duck filling was good. 

Roast Corn Gorditas: The little silver dollar size gorditas were, again, tough. Almost inedible. Neither the amount nor the flavor of the topping was enough to overshadow this problem. 

Shrimp Anticuchos: Waaaaaay over cooked. I knew before I bit into it, too. I tried to remove the remaining shell from the tail and the shrimp didn't pull out of it - too dry. 

Chicken Anticuchos: Dry and over cooked. Good flavors, though. 

Beef Anticuchos: This one bright spot for the tapas dishes arrived very late. Hot, juicy, and amazing flavors. But... and this is a big one... The runner who brought it made a point of saying that the kitchen had 'run out' of these and had to make this one fresh. Um, what? Does that explain the other 4 dishes and their awful execution? We just happened to get a bunch of stuff that was pre-prepared and sitting around? Suddenly it all made sense. 

By the time we finished the beef, we were done but not full or satisfied (obviously). We headed off to Grand Luxe (not that many places to go on Christmas Eve, really) and were happier there with a few tapas dishes and dessert. 

And a note for servers: When you ask if everything is ok and everyone chuckles sadistically rather than answer, when you don't follow up, it's obvious you don't care.

In the end, other than the very late dish, service was pretty good. Drinks were good. Chips and guac were excellent. It just felt like the B team was in the kitchen so that the real cooks/chefs could be home for Christmas Eve. So much potential, but so little execution.