I stopped by here on Saturday during the day to scope out the menu. Was 100% empty at 3:30. I sampled (yeah that's right.. i cheated! hardly ever happens) one of their tortillas and was hooked. Small kitchen in the back staffed by some nice Mexican ladies.. Smelled great.. total dive type place. It had success written all over it.

Three of us pull up at 7pm ready to stuff our faces. The parking lot is packed which has to be a good sign. Walk in and are confused. Do we ordered at the window? Sit down and wait? wait to be seated? After about 5 minutes I flag a lady down and ask. She asked if it was take away, I let her know if was to stay she told us to take a seat and she would be with us shortly.

After viewing the reviews/pictures the first thing I ordered were the chips and a cheese crisp with guacamole. The chips and salsa and water hit our table right away and the CC zoomed out less than 5 minutes later. Sadly this is where the speediness stopped :(

Anytime we needed something after that point we had to flag someone down and ask.. sometimes twice. Its not that they were lazy its that their were only two of them serving a really busy restaurant. This is no fault of theirs but a fault of management. Staff your establishments accordingly! A Saturday night rush cannot possibly be "news" to this place. It was obvious this was the norm.

With empty drinks/chips we watched and waited as food slowly trickled from the kitchen. 45 minutes and our food finally showed up. It was fresh so we had not been forgotten about. They were THAT busy for the size of the kitchen. Another ding for the restaurant management.

annnyywayys.. I believe I can separate my feelings on management/service/food so onto the food :)

chips hot/mild salsa:
Super tasty! The chips had a very pleasant corn flavor, fresh, and far from greasy. On first glance I was sure I was going to hate the regular salsa. I'm one of those weirdo's that likes tomatoes everyway but fresh and it was loaded. I tasted it and prepared for the cringe.. NONE! it was really good. Not sure what they did to remove whatever it is about the fresh tomatoes i hate but they did it. The "hot" sauce in the bottle was also very good, standard chili, garlic, Mexican oregano that you find at most places. All three of them were addictive and I was almost happy we never requested a refill.

cheese crisp:
Delicious Tortilla (check), Super Sexy Cheese Blend (Check), Crispy (Check), Foldability (MASSIVE FAIL). DOH! If you read my review on la piñata you will see me talk about this. This happens when you try and slightly fold and overly crispy cheese crisp to maximize guac/salsa capacity. Snap! you try and recover SNAP! Now your hands are covered with grease and salsa and you have this crazy folded discombobulated mess on your plate(see attached picture.) I have to believe you all know what I'm talking about. Still tasty.

guacamole:
They at least have the "avocado is the star" aspect of this down but it was lackluster. There are some supporting ingredients that really help bring out the creaminess/fat flavor of the avocado. It lacked citrus, salt, flavor in general. At least it wasn't 3/4 tomato :)

shredded beef taco:
It was decent but nothing amazing. They weren't stuffed and then fried which I believe makes a superior taco. Something was overly wet as after two bites it fell victim to taco shell failure. Bottom falls out and you ended up finishing it with a fork. The meat could have definitely used more seasoning.

ground beef taco:
Only difference here was ground beef and had much more seasoning. Standard large amount of chili powder/cumin.

green corn chicken tamale:
WOW!! The comments about these are dead on. Really good even nekkid. Moist with just the right sweetness and corn flavor. I could have had a plate full of these and probably wanted more.

chile relleno:
The pepper was bland, the cheese was a little scarce but at least melted and warm. You can tell the batter was at one point fluffy and light but in a short time ended up a soggy mess. Covered in green sauce.

cheese enchilada:
Amazing cheese with a small spin of adding onion which I liked the combo. This was covered on red sauce.

Sauce:
Red: Above average, nice fat content and good roasted pepper flavor.
Green: No real heat, spice, or even chile flavor. I was disappointed because a few people mentioning how amazing it was.

Pros:
Cheese
Tamales
Chips/Salsa
Reasonably Priced

Cons:
Horrible Service: Due to understaffing
Bland: This isn't uncommon for Senoran style but this was excessive.

Summary:
When I have a craving for tamales and delicious tortillas I will be back. Anything else I will likely head elsewhere. If there is something amazing there that I absolutely have to try please let me know! So out of 10 items the group really only liked 2 with a possible 3rd. Maybe it was an off night but I can't give this more then a 2.5 based on our experience. I really wanted to love this place :(