This place is just down the street from my work. So today I figured I'd give it a try and I was so excited because it looked legit! So let's do this chronologically:

I start by asking the cashier what is in their tortas aside from your choice of meat. She lists off a few ingredients including: beans, lettuce, tomato, jalapeno, avocado, etc. I feel like she said there were more things included in the torta but maybe that was it. Maybe she said salsa? So I order a Torta de Milanesa with everything except tomato. No tomato. And an horchata to drink. I ordered dine-in because I didn't feel like going back to my windowless office to eat. So far so good, and the lady seems nice enough. 

She gives me my horchata immediately and I turn to look for a seat. I had to take the empty chip basket and salsa dishes off my table before sitting because it hadn't been cleaned yet. I see three people come up and place an order after I've taken my seat. I've been sitting there for a while and realize I haven't been brought any chips and salsa - no biggie, I don't need it. 

About 15 minutes go by - I'm still waiting for my food and I just watched two of the people who came in after me get their food and leave. The lady comes to my table and I'm thinking she's bringing my torta - NOPE: chips and salsa. At least the chips were warm. The salsa was tasty but a little weak on the spice level. 

Over 5 minutes go by and I see the 3rd person get their order and walk out. As I'm turning to say something to the lady - she comes out with my torta. It took over 20 minutes just to get my food. I'm thinking - if the food is worth it, I'll just place my order over the phone ahead of time next time. 

The torta de milanesa was decent at best.  First - the ONE specification I made was NO TOMATO. It had FOUR slices of tomato - which is really generous if you happen to like tomato - which I don't. The bread was slightly over-toasted so it had a slight burnt taste; there were NO jalapenos on my torta; and they skimped on the avocado. The least I can say is that it tasted good, but after 20 minutes I expected something MUCH better. 

Needless to say - I'm not in a rush to return to this place. The service was slow and my meal was disappointing. Maybe in a few weeks or months I'll give it a 2nd try - after I've made my rounds at the other local Mexican places.