A few days ago I was looking for The claim" Best Burger in Charlotte" at Eat Here Now a burger joint. They where closed so I went across the street. First of all I have found  many places that are very good when I have been looking to dine at another place  and for what ever reason I did not make it  so the odds where for me that what ever I found I would want to go again.
            I am not Irish at least I do not think so, that may have been why the luck of the Irish let me down on this one.Here is the run down location Ayrsley  Town Blvd area a busy area with a mix of restaurants, a movie theater, A sports bar that I have already reviewed   and was terrible. This is a  prime location  and any restaurant  owner would give their first born for this space.And their second born for that matter.
            As you may have read I am a Chips and Salsa person I make my own chips and salsa of many kinds so if you got chips, Salsa and beverages you got me . More about that later. As I walk in you pass threw  a pretty nice little bar area  with only 2 people? In this busy location? What gives I thought?
            So we make our way past the decor that any Mexican restaurant has I notice I guess maybe 5 maybe more very large  flat screen TVs so now you have a bar and Tvs  Ok sports bar ?The place was pretty clean and a patio outside in the back that I though when the weather gets cooler would be packed or should be..
            We get our chips and salsa Ok with the name of Salsa's you better bring it.!!  There is something about  using certain names of the food that you have in a restaurant that tells the customer " with that name surely its good/"I know your still waiting on the chips and Salsa report  we will get to it a moment .
             I have to give it  to them they make a mean Mango Daiquiri but, it took forever considering there was only 6 people in the whole place and 4 of them where finishing  .And I normally do not ask about the price  but, the menu that I am looking at does not even have them listed nor the price I felt that very strange for a Mexican restaurant  at  such a good location (again) Why not have it on the menu?
               I had the El Presidente a combo platter withTostada,taco,Chile Relleno and my other  wanted Carne Asada typical  Mexican restaurant chain restaurant food big  cold plates and heated up in Broiler just so so taste and not much  authenticity .Oh ya back to the chips and Salsa chips stale over heated I hope what I have heard is wrong that the chips are reheated off of someone else s plate that's terrible. And the salsa watered down no flavor . Just a FYI I had some chips that I had made the Day before and I tasted some of mine and the "Fresh" ones we just got home with... Theirs where terrible !! Come on no excuses 6 people in the place it takes me about 1 minute to make enough chips to feed 4 . Maybe a Taco Bell would do better at " this" location?