I went here solo for lunch today for the buffet advertised on the sign out front. I walked in and didn't see any buffet, but thought maybe it was in the back somewhere I couldn't see. 

The waitress sat me and tried to ask me (I think) if I wanted to order from the menu or if I wanted the buffet - so yes! there is a buffet. I told her I would have the buffet, and then she started pointing to things on the menu and telling me this and this are the buffet. I thought she was just letting me know what the buffet consisted of but then finally I when she kept pointing to them again I figured out she wanted to know which one I wanted, so I told her no buffet and pointed to bistec steak.

I guess to them buffet means all you can eat on a dish? I'm not sure. I saw the pics of a real  buffet someone else posted and I can see from the pics that it was where I sat, so definitely no buffet.

The food was good, and the plate was huge. However, the menu price of my dish was 11.99- not really what I wanted to spend for a mexican lunch entree. With my 1 glass of coke and tax, it came to 15. I gave a 20 and got a 5 back, which kind of irritated me. I only had 2 singles in my wallet, which I almost exchanged the 5 for because I thought she probably gave me the 5 on purpose to get a bigger tip, which ended up working. She really did work hard to try to communicate with me, so I thought she deserved more than 2 dollars and begrudgingly left the 5.

Language was definitely an issue. I usually love going to restaurants where english is not spoken, and I knew going in here that it probably wouldn't be. I think if there had been a buffet, or if I had gone in not expecting a buffet, the language barrier wouldn't have been an issue.

I would bump up the rating to 3 stars if you are going knowing there is no buffet, and intend to split the meal with another person for lunch, or are going for dinner-then it would be worth it. 

There was a cute and comfy looking lounge area and a pretty good bar. They advertised karaoke on Sundays.