Not sure where to even start with this place. Same mall as Yogi's and Culver's on the south side of Ray just west of the 101. Been meaning to try them and finally did. I got here after the lunch rush - about 1:30 or so and the staff here seemed to be completely OVERWHELMED. Not sure why because there weren't a whole lot of people. I wanted something "Al Patron" but was informed that it wasn't ready yet so please order either chicken or carne asada. Ok... so I ordered a carne asada burrito and elote - or as they call it here: America's Corn. So I first went to the salsa bar and wait - there WAS no salsa bar! Ok. Weird. Whatever. Sat down and chilled while waiting for my order. Other customers also put in their orders and also sat down to wait. And Wait. And wait. And wait. And Wait. And wait. And wait. Holy Chicken Molé batman! I ordered a simple burrito not a freaking Thanksgiving turkey that still needed thawing! FFS! So I watched various staff members run around delivering people's orders in frantic movements like I was watching some cross between a food-based reality show and one of those crazy Japanese game shows where people run around trying to perform tasks without slamming into each other. A Chinese fire drill basically. At least it helped pass the time since I didn't feel like playing that stupid game on my mobile device where you play angry muslim terrorist suicide bombers disguised as birdheads crashing into buildings and recreating 911 for every different level with the goal of killing every Yankee capitalist pig with the wreckage of an imploding building. Ok. Maybe that really isn't what the game is about but I was getting ravenous and started hallucinating like crazy. Then the burrito finally came! Oh joy! I noticed it was long but not very thick (that's what she said [rimshot], [cymbal crash]) - so there was really more tortilla than anything else. The meat tasted like it was marinated. Yup. But that's about it. Then I ate the corn. Squirted some lime over the cotija and took a few bites. Sorta bland. A bit of salt might have helped. There was some spicy sauce but that's not what I usually have over elote. Meh. At any rate I felt the food wasn't worth the price AND the long wait even though I was quite hungry. I was, in a word, UNDERWHELMED. Probably equal to the amount the staff seemed to be OVERWHELMED. So that's my take on America's Tacos. Checked off my "try this place" list but didn't make it to column B - the "hey I need to come back to this place again for sure!" list. But you don't have to take my word for it, Reading Rainbow fans! Check it out for yourselves. Your mileage may vary...