I have only been here once and I will absolutely update my review if I decide to go back, but I was truly disappointed with this place. I heard from a few co-workers that this place was AMAZING. However, then went to the San Tan location. When we found out this place opened up a mile from our house, we were super excited to try it. 

We went on a Friday afternoon at about 430 and it was dead. No customers. Not a problem for us as we like hidden gems and don't like crowds. We weren't greeted when we came in but that's okay as it is not a huge deal to me but it was kind of awkward with all employees there and no direction to help us as this was our first time. The lady we had in the line was SUPER friendly and was very willing to help us. 

I decided on the burrito, and I got it enchilada style. Like other reviews, people said their food was wrong but mine was NOT. she was very patient with me, explained things and ensure I had the right choice in mind before she made it. Burrito was HUGE and plenty. Could have fed two people. My partner got the enchiladas.

Fast forward, we did get one chips and salsa to split and two drinks. Total? $37. I nearly fell out of my chair. I really should have looked over the receipt for issues, but they DO nickel and dime you like crazy. I can get the same at Chipotle for $22 or less for two people. That kinda irked me. 

Also, during the making process, they did not offer a lot of "customizable" options as I guess I am used too. I am not trying to compare, but there were other things however I did not know about and would have liked but didn't know I could. And we found out, those "minor extras" that we could get else where without being charged, they charged there. It was a little ridiculous. 

The food itself was okay. I didn't like their medium green sauce. My stomach didn't like it either. Not their fault, just my taste buds. Their regular salsa was delicious. They did not have a hot sauce. We asked for a hotter salsa and the one they said we had was their hot. It wasn't. It was the same version of Chipotle's medium. Okay, that bugged me a little. Maybe some sour cream? Nope extra. Ugh. defeated.

They had unlimited Horchata which was AWESOME. It was pretty delicious. Environment was nice. Tables little too close for comfort and would not be fun when the place is busy. 

Overall, it was not BAD, however just the flavors in my opinion did not mesh well and I had a HORRIBLE stomach ache for a day after. Just didn't agree with me. My partner liked them. He had no complaints on his enchiladas, however he said it wasn't enough to swing on back.

Again - I need to maybe give them another shot. If I do, I will get something smaller. It's just I feel like I have to get small so I don't spend almost $40 on something I am truly not happy with. We will see. I will stick with Chipotle for now.