Ok so yelp keeps removing my reviews because I don't ramble on an on about every detail ....my hubby hates when girls (or anyone) over explains something and after being together 8 years I have learned to what he calls "MAN VERSION" everything....apparently on yelp that is not allowed so let me write a review maybe they can be proud of...  It was 11a.m. and we were hungry we thought hmmm bachi burger..no not bachi burger and it was then I realized I had this Mexican delivery place bookmarked on Yelp! Seeing how I was doing laundry and had nothing to wear this seemed like a much better choice. By the time we made the decision to order it was about 1230. I had to leave my house by 230 to pick up my kids. So I went online (btw I am very old school I hate ordering online its much faster to call) signed up made my profile and after 20mins of that I was able to place my order. I ordered 2 orders taquitos mixto,chicken asada torta with no beans, shrimp cocktail, alfredo nachos, 1 shrimp taco, 1carne asada taco,1 carnitas taco, and there supposed super hot salsa. I click to order and it tells me my food will be delivered at 240! So of course this convenient on line ordering has me on the phone with them anyway and the gentleman on the phone was great! He said no problem I will have your order to you faster than that. Great!!! My food arrives at 2pm awesome just enough time. The delivery girl went over my entire order to ensure everything was correct it was and she was super nice too!  As far as customer service this place gets five stars for that but the food? Well here we go

Taquitos mixto: Every one of them tasted different very inconsistent..I know they are all different flavors but what im saying is my chicken one was good, my hubbys chicken one was dry and crunchy chicken inside and they were all soggy but I guess that's what you get for ordering delivery fried food.    The sogginess I understand but I would suggest not plating fried food on a bed of lettuce for delivery and put holes in the containers so the condensation doesn't build up.

Chicken asada torta: Bread was hard my hubby thought it was gross I took a bite thought it was ok thank you for not putting beans He HATES beans

Shrimp Cocktail: Im trying to be nice but it made me throw up it tasted like someone put Kool-Aid in tomato sauce with shrimp

Alfredo nachos: This made me so mad!!! This is what my hubby wanted the most we didn't say no beans because on the menu it doesn't have beans on it!!!!! Open it up what was there??? BEANS!!!! All over the whole freakin thing so of course he wont eat it! He did manage to stick his finger in one spot to taste the alfredo he said it was good I took a bite it tasted pretty good but I had my own food, I didn't want that he did! AND AGAIN all soggy maybe for delivery you can deconstruct it in containers and just put the chips in the box youll have a better outcome I think people would rather assemble it themselves (although there are a lot of idiots that would probably need instructions) then have them soggy.

The Tacos: Shrimp one was weird not good or bad just weird, carne asada tasted like they reheated it and over cooked it very dry and hard to eat, carnitas was pretty much the same dry and hard.

Salsa: Most white people would think it was super spicy, I eat habaneros for fun so for me it was ok on spice pretty good flavor

All in all I ordered 50 bucks worth of inedible food we threw most of it out it sucked cause these people are so nice I might try to stop in sometime and give them a try so maybe I can give them a better review!  Oh and last their prices are GREAT!