From a service standpoint I would have given Tortas Y Tacos El Panzon Five glowing stars. It's clear that this is a family run operation and the two ladies working were fantastic the day my wife and I ate here. I was considering a bean & cheese burrito so they allowed me to test their beans (1 extra star given just for this). 

So let's get to the food itself. After trying the beans (they were very good) I decided to go with a combo plate, Cheese Enchilada's with Rice & Beans while my wife ordered the Bean & Cheese burrito with extra cheese - there can never be enough cheese. 

The first problem we had wasn't with the food, but with our beverage options. They ran out of coke in their fountain drinks. That narrowed the choices down to Diet Coke, Sprite, and Fanta Orange - all wonderful in their own right, just not for me. Minimal damage (but shouldn't you have extra's??). So then came the chips and salsa, which was a nice surprise considering this is a taco shop. The major problem was with the entree's. Portion size was fantastic with my enchilada's. The rice and beans were far above average. The problem was the enchilada's. There is no way that these were fresh. The red sauce looked as though it had been sitting on the tortilla's for quote some time - almost as if they were made days in advance then microwaved warm. I understand most Mexican restaurants pre-make several of their dishes, I take no issue with that. However, when it's completely obvious that these aren't relatively fresh I have a major problem. It's too bad because they actually tasted pretty good, I can only imagine how good they would be if they were fresh...The next issue was with my wife's bean and cheese burrito. The cheese tasted old. Bleh. Not good, very bad. When you have an item with three key components (tortialla, beans, cheese) and one of them is jacked up, it messes up everything. I tasted the cheese, it wasn't good. It's too bad, from a service standpoint this place was pretty good, from a quality standpoint it was pretty bad. **No one got sick, but we both felt pretty bad a few hours after eating here. 

I doubt I'll give Tortas Y Tacos El Panzon a second chance since Pepe's Taco's 7 or 8 minutes down the road.