I like that this Filiberto's is 24 hours. It got me through many long nights in college. The food is good most of the time. Service has never been great but that's par for the course and I didn't really mind. It would be better if they would repeat back your order at the drive though to make sure they got it right, but most of the time it's right so that's not a big deal.

Today we ordered 2 burritos for my boyfriend and his friend and chips and salsa for me. I friggin love the salsa here. 

We should have checked the bag before we left. We should have put the receipt in the bag where were could have found it easily.. but we've never had any problems so it didn't seem necessary at the time.

When we got home there was no salsa. :( We looked for the receipt, but couldn't find it. I figured it wouldn't be a big deal because it's just a cup of salsa.. not a plate of chimichangas or something. I drove back in the heat, walked in, and asked for my salsa. The guy asked if I had my receipt, I said no, but we were literally just there. Just now. I asked him why he needed my receipt for *salsa* and he said it was to make sure I had ordered from that filibertos. Seriously? Like I'm trolling all the filibertos in town looking for salsa? I worked in retail so I know about needing receipts and blah blah, so I felt awkward pushing this, but it's salsa.. not an enchilada combo meal.. not even a quesadilla. Salsa. Like half a cup of it. And I am pretty sure this is the guy who took our order in the drive-thru minutes before.

Eventually he went into the back room for a minute and came out with salsa which he gave to me, but since this was such a drama, I didn't feel comfortable eating the salsa when I couldn't see him put it in the container... so I guess I'm eating something else today.

Basically? Make sure you check your drive-through order. From now on I am always checking before we leave. Keep your receipt too in case you are missing half of what you ordered.

As a side note, make sure you have cardboard or paper or something in your car if you order more than one helping of chips. The chips are BURNING HOT and melt the containers together. We usually pull them apart immediately and put paper or something between before it gets bad. Sometimes it makes the chips smell/taste like plastic too..