How is this one still open?  The tall, black, thin, male manager with glasses that has been there for years is miserable, like clockwork.  Seriously.  What a horrible example for employees.  I've eaten here countless times and he has yet to ever, ever, ever once say hello, smile, thank me, etc., ever.. not once.. it's the opposite.. he acts like someone died yesterday and he is miserable.. you can see him smiling all the time if you look.. in the back room, when he is talking with employees.. when he is working with me or other customers however, forget it.  This Chipotle (as numerous others have noted) is sub par in many areas.. the chicken and beef is chewy like bubble gum, it is as reliable as the sun coming up.. the place is basically one big employee hangout, seemingly.. I always seem to see and hear large groups of uniformed employees eating Chipotle food, hanging out, laughing and joking, as you would in a break room, but they're out in the middle of the restaurant, or on the patio.  Speaking of hearing... the acoustics in the place are insane.. it's almost as if corporate said, "Let's make this place as loud and annoying to eat in as possible..."  The entire place has no furniture to absorb sound, it's a giant concrete triangle, so everything echoes like crazy, then they literally have giant visible speakers playing nothing but bass tone music the entire time you eat.. so it's this echo-filled hall of conversation with a steady, mindless, repetitive bass tone sound track repeating the entire time like Chinese water torture. The employees themselves?  Pretty damn cool.  Most smile, they are kind, they communicate, they give regulars like me a free drink every now and then, they clean up, they move, they're quick, etc.  Corporate and management need to step it up.. the employees aren't the problem here.  In fact, the last time I was there noticing all of these problems, one of them came and checked on me and asked how I was doing, he offered a nice hello, and a smile, and kept on moving and keeping busy.  He has been there for some time, and is always on top of things like this..  Fire the big manager, and make this guy a manager.. after he checked on me, I said "What's your name?" So I could note it here, and hopefully he gets noticed by corporate.  I'm 90% sure it was Simon.. perhaps in his 20s, brown hair, thin tall build.. please make changes to this location.. so much potential.. but after all of this for literally years now, I'm done for a while.