We recently moved to the neigborhood and I was excited to check this place out based on the reviews. Unfortunately Lenero Mexican Grill didn't live up to the hype.

First of all, the reviews here state that this place is good for kids. While I wouldn't exactly say it's an inappropriate place to bring kids, they're definitely not set up to accomodate them either. The hostess gave us a choice of two tables: one high-top and one regular. The regular table was sqeezed up so close to another party that there wasn't even room to sit on one side, so we chose the high-top and asked for a booster seat for my son. They don't have booster seats so the hostess offered a high chair. I accepted and she brought over a high chair so short that my son's head would be below the table. What the???

That wasn't going to work, so I asked if we could sit at the regular table. She said sure, then stood back and watched as we moved the table away from the other party to allow enough room for us to sit down. We pulled up the high chair to the new table and it was still about 6 inches too short! My son is 2 1/2, it's not like he's an infant. They need to have high chairs that fit thier tables or not bother.

Next up, they don't have a kids menu so I asked the waitress if we could just order a bean and cheese burrito with a side of rice for our son. She said they could.  After a while, my entree and my son's meal came out, but my husband's order was nowhere in sight. 

My son's bean burrito was fine, but his side of rice was in a little glass bowl and had a ton of cilantro in it. I knew he wouldn't eat it and my side of rice had almost no cilantro, so I traded with him. My son and I got started eating, thinking my husband's order would be out momentarily. Nope. I was done with my entree before my husband's meal arrived. And no big apology from the server, either.

The food and margaritas were pretty good, but pretty pricy considering what we got. I MIGHT go back and give thier customer service another chance, but I definitely would not bring my son next time.