First of all, the decor in here if offensively bad. It looks like a raging battle between a really crappy tattoo artist and a chic interior decorator, and what makes it worse is how pretentious it seems and how some straight male out there is probably really proud of it.

Second, the prices are kind of random and ridiculous for certain items. When you come here, don't expect to have a decent meal for less than 20$ once you ad a drink. This in and of itself is a crime to my mind when talking about Mexican food. Especially Tex-Mex. For instance, guacamole by itself cost 1.50 but chips with guacamole cost 7.50. Its good guac, but its not THAT good. And the chips are brutally crappy. I could buy similar quality chips at wal-mart.

I will give them credit for the tacos. I haven't personally tried them because I'm veggie and I don't like tofu, but my friend, who is a foodie, has enjoyed them on numerous occasions and says they're worth the cash. If you have a very good palette and enjoy fine dining but feel like tacos, these are the tacos for you. However, if you're not very discerning and enjoy a good taco stand, don't bother paying the extra for this.

Another thing that bothered me was the waitstaff. It isn't that they're terrible. They're just not that great either. They seem distant and disingenuous. Our waiter asked us if our food was good before we even had time to take a bite. The hostess looked positively miserable the entire time we were there and when we tried to eat here once before another hostess sat us in a high-top bar table without even asking if this was acceptable. I've been a hostess before. That, and the cold distant expression are both major party fouls. 

My final complaint is the nachos. They were so bad that I left a comment card expressing my disdain. These people clearly know how to cook or they wouldn't be able to make such good tacos, so, I beg to know, WTF? They were 10$, which is randomly cheap for the amount you get, but when you taste them you might understand why. You get a huge pile of guac and salsa, both of which would be more expensive ordered on their own, and an enormous pile of chips covered in melted monterey jack and black beans. The beans tasted just like the ranch beans you can buy at the grocery and the overall taste really was reminiscent of frito-chilli-pie that you can buy at Sonic. My foodie friend agreed with me on the egregiousness of the whole thing and we left that plate nearly untouched.

Therefore, my advice is, don't go here unless you have a very discerning palette don't mind spending more than is normal for food. If you do go, order the tacos. Do not order anything else. The steak on the tacos actually was medium rare, as asked for, and this was impressive. But if you'd be satisfied with a taco stand, just go to Pizza Sola. Its right down the street and the food is better, and cheaper, and the decor won't make you gag.