I've been handing out a lot of poor reviews lately, and I hate to be so negative, but this one really deserves it. Sure, there are plusses and minuses, but some of the important aspects were all minuses.

I went in for dinner at about 6:30 and there wasn't a lot going on so I went in and ordered a red, green, and carne asada taco with a "lemonade." The girl behind the counter was boasting about their fresh squeezed "lemonade" and I like when it isn't canned mix so I ordered it. I went outside and got a seat on the counter looking into the building and after about 10 minutes they brought out my food. I was actually kind of amazed it took that long to make 3 tacos, but whatever, that was fine. 

The first taco, the red, was ok. Perhaps it was the fact that it was overloaded with beans, cabbage, and other mixtures of everything that usually is on your plate at a mexican restaurant, but I thought it didn't really have a flavor. The green was much of the same, no real flavor, but not a bad experience. They were both just "meh." Maybe now would be a good time to comment on that "lemonade." IT TASTED LIKE A FUCKING SLURPEE FROM 7-11. You have got to be kidding me if you are going to tell me this is a fresh squeezed lemonade. For ***** sake you even told put slurpee ice in it. I'm not buying it whatsoever, that this has ANY real lemon content. Ok, so now that final taco, the carne asada. I had high hopes since the other two were so bland I thought maybe it'd be harder to mess up carne asada, but I was wrong. It had absolutely no flavor, and had a horrid texture I don't know if the meat was overcooked or what but it tasted like a taco with beans and cardboard. I had to douse it in lime and hot sauce to make it edible, and still bearly was so, partly because the hot sauce they provide is not so tasty either. 

I didn't look for a restroom, but I imagine they have one, as they would never be allowed to build the restaurant without at least one public restroom. The entire concept of the restaurant is very cool, and I can see it being a good lunch spot during the winter months, if, and this is a big if.... they can get their food to taste like something delicious. And actually make lemonade. Guys, who are you trying to kid?