I don't expect much from any fast food restaurant.  Truth be told, no honest person does.  It's fast food.  If we wanted a lot, we would just make it ourselves.  What I do expect, and what most people expect is reliability.  That's it... reliability.

That is something that this particular location of Taco Bell sorely lacks.  I have been there at 10:30, and they're open.  I have been there at 11:55, and they're open.  I even asked the hours once.  I was told that Sunday-Thursday, this location is open until 12:00AM, and on the weekends, they are open until 1:00AM.  Yet... they are unreliable...I wonder if the owner knows their staff closes early?

Out of the last six times I have been to this location - on a weeknight - between 11:00 and 11:30 - they have been closed.  Sometimes they are open... sometimes they are closed.  You never know with this place.  If the owner were to check the power bill by the hour and see when the bill dropped off, they would be aware because the signs are off, the exterior lights are off, and the interior lights are off.  Don't advertise you are open if you're not going to be open.

I went by tonight at 11:10PM and everything was off.  I work in a restaurant and don't want to go home and cook for myself on the nights that I work because I spend 8 hours cooking for other people while I'm at work.  I really wanted Taco Bell tonight, but because of the unreliability of this location, I spent my money elsewhere.  

I really just hope the owner of this location gets a handle on the hours of their store.  Inconsistency is not okay.  If the employees want to close at 11:00 like they apparently did tonight (like I said, the sign-lights were off, the drive thru lights were off, the interior lights were off... on the whole, the place screamed, "Don't spend your money here!"), then that is fine... just be open about it.  Don't promise the public hours and don't deliver.

I know this is a long review for Taco Bell, but I kept pulling for this place to get it together.  After four months of never knowing what the hours were going to be at this location, I finally convinced myself to write a review.  In a simple phrase... "This location lacks on the most important function of customer service: Consistency.  There is none."