Ugh, no thanks. To sum it up...nothing but an overpriced, glamorized Lindo Michican a local Mexican restaurant. Or for you So Cali folks, think of this place like a El Toritos.

Given that Chayo is located at the heart of Las Vegas Blvd, prices will be up the ying yang but the food quality does not match the price. NO COMPLIMENTARY chips or salsa. It's $3 per order. $9 if you want guac and chips. I know it may no biggie for some if you gotta pay for chips/salsa. This may be overlooked IF the food was good. 
But it wasn't. It was bland. Three small enchiladas plate was like $18. I ordered tilapia and let me tell you....for those who are health conscientiousness, trying to watch their calorie intake, trying to watch their cholesterol....FORGET ABOUT IT. You would think tilapia is good for you but nope! They put so much salt on that fish, I thought I was going to bloat with every bite I take. Over-salted it.....what a poor decision from the chef.

I don't know what Chayo is trying to be....are they trying to be a restaurant? A bar? A nightclub-ish lounge? The reason I said that was they have such LOUD top 40s, club music playing. I was practically yelling across the table to talk to my boyfriend!!!! Before you judge me and say I'm probably too old or boring since "loud music" bothers me, how would you like it if you're trying to eat and you hear Pitbull telling you to "forget about your boyfriend and meet me at the hotel room" or Flor Rida telling you he's on an elevator and on the "second floor...got stuck on a hoodrat..." *rolls eyes* I'm sorry but that's not what I want to hear while trying to eat my meal. Or take the volume down a notch...or even three if they still want to continue to play that kind of music.

Service was a hot-mess that night. (Went on a Monday for dinner around mid Feb.) We had 3 different waiters/waitresses coming up to our table throughout the night. First, they can't make up their minds who was our designated waiter. We kept on getting asked for our drink orders from multiple waiters when we ordered it already. And just an observation, it seemed like none of the waiters knew which table ordered what. A couple times, different entrees and appetizers were brought to our table and it was NOT what we ordered. I saw them scurrying around trying to find out who ordered the salad. Were they ALL training that night or something? It was also a pretty windy night and even though we were sitting inside, we still felt the wind because they had the doors wide open. And common sense....wouldn't it be smart to close the doors when you see paper napkins, receipt papers and paper trash flying all around the room!? Come on now.  We left Chayo completely disappointed. I can't believe I settled on this place for dinner. -__- What a waste.