I've lived in Arizona for 18 years so that makes me more than qualified to judge a Mexican restaurant when I eat at one. Today for lunch co-workers and I decided to eat at Susie's Mexican Cafe. We had previously visited this place before about 2 years ago and found that hardly anything has changed. 

Don't let appearances deceive you. The big red door is the only cool thing about the look and feel of this establishment. We were surprised when we entered and there was a line, but the line was full of people trying to pay. So we had to wait a while to be seated. When we sat down, I saw that the booth we were sitting in was held together by duct tape. Not a promising sign. Overall, the place was dirty. It needed a good power washing from top to bottom and I did not feel comfortable sitting there. However, after living here for such a long time I believe this is just par for the course for Mexican restaurants. Sad. 

Everybody who went said the food was good but not great. Surprising given that their motto is "A Great Mexican Food Place". They should replace the menus and update them as they have been in circulation for over two years. I had three shredded beef tacos. I think I would have rather had Jack-In-The-Box monster tacos instead. The taquitos looked rather good. I'm sure some menu items are better than others, but haven't verified. Everything that came out of the kitchen looked like standard Mexican food that you'd get at Macayo's or some other Mexican joint.

The lunch specials were $6.75 with our choice of 1 cent draft beer or fountain soft drink. Since I didn't drink any alcohol for lunch you can trust my review isn't tainted. The menu explicitly stated there are no free refills on drinks. Also your first basket of chips was free, but after that they were $2.15 each.  They won't do substitutions on their lunch menu and  they won't split the check. However when you go to pay, you can pay separately. Same difference. 

To sum it up it was a sub par experience at least for me. I wasn't impressed, but rather underwhelmed. If you want better Mexican food, I would try Pedro's Mexican Restaurant, Blanco Scottsdale, Cervantes Restaurant, or Carolina's Mexican Food.