This used to be a Filiberto's for many years. About 6 months ago I noticed the food tasted different, not as good. I thought there must be a new chef and was hoping maybe he was just a fill-in for awhile. I kept coming back and being disappointed. I know you must think what an idiot for punishment I was but it had been so great for so many years I couldn't believe that the place would really become permanently bad. 

I always go through the drive-thru and I finally got so irritated with my food when I got it home I looked on the bag for the phone number. I wanted to call and ask why they changed their recipes. Then I saw the bag said "Julioberto's" not Filiberto's. The menu board outside never changed (neither did the phone number actually) and I just never noticed the different sign (the two look amazing alike).

I know the urban myth is that all the "berto" restaurants (Filiberto's, Julioberto's, Eriberto's, Humberto's) are run by the same family and the menus are identical. Maybe that's true but that would be where it ends. The menu items may be the same but the recipes are different.

As for the difference I don't think the quality of the ingredients is as good and the portions are much smaller. I always get the chili rellenos platter and a cheese quesadilla. The chili rellenos fried batter is too thick and and the poblano peppers are much smaller than they were. There isn't as much cheese put inside the pepper and that cheese doesn't taste as good. There is too much sauce and the meal overall seems to lack in seasoning. They are skimpy with the sour cream and lettuce, which doesn't taste fresh. The pico de gallo is tasteless and also doesn't seem fresh.The refried beans that come along with the meal don't have much taste and are runny. The cheese quesadilla is way smaller than it was, about half the size, and it also seems, and may be, microwaved. There isn't as much cheese and it isn't as tasty as before.

I came yet back again with a friend. Her request and she was buying so why not. She wanted to see if the food really tasted that different. She said her Super Nachos weren't the same from when the place was a Filiberto's but she actually liked them better. I asked her why and she said that it had more sauce and a tastier sauce. I myself don't care for nachos with any sauce and wasn't aware it should have sauce. She said they also were more generous with the sour cream and pico de gallo than before.

Oh well to each his own. This Julioberto's isn't that bad, it just is when compared to when it was a Filiberto's with an identical menu.