I still like the idea of Tex Tubb's but the execution has been really off the last couple of times I've been here.  I'll give any place the benefit of the doubt once, but I've unfortunately had three consecutive misses and I think the bloom is off the rose, at least for the University location.  I'm not one to hate on the Food Fight restaurants like some, but the standard trope that these places start off strong and fade down the line seems to be the case here.  I've always had a bit of an issue with the cost and sometimes the service, but the quality of the tacos had always more than offset any problems.  That hasn't been the case lately.  

My #1 complaint: flour tortillas instead of corn.  Three times now I've gotten flour despite specifically ordering corn tortillas.  The first time I sent it back with minimum hassle, but the last two were not fun.  On the second go-around I was initially told that I hadn't actually ordered corn tortillas and then that the even if I had the carne asada doesn't come that way (not true).  Since it was just a tortilla I gave up the argument but stiffed her on the tip and avoided the place for few months, until just recently.  This time I ordered the mushroom taco, and the server didn't linger after dropping off our order was gone before I noticed the error.  I wasn't able to flag anyone down and after 10 minutes or so I just ate the now-cold taco.  What's really annoying about this whole thing is that it's just a tortilla - normally I don't get too excited about tortillas.  If they completely got rid of the soft corn tacos I'd be disappointed but not crushed.  It's just that I prefer the corn tortillas and they're on the menu, so it pisses me off when I continue ordering them and never, ever get what I request.

If it were just the continual cockblocking on the tortilla front I'd be slightly histrionic but I'd survive.  After all, the fish tacos always come with corn tortillas.  But I think the whole experience lifted the scales from my eyes in a way since I started noticing that the deficiencies in the University location were beginning to show.  The chips are stale and the salsas mediocre.  My request for hot sauce went initially unanswered on two separate occasions, requiring a reminder.  The carne asada didn't taste nearly as good as I had remembered and the achiote tilapia was off.   We once waited a good five minutes at the front counter waiting for the hostess to get off the phone.  All of these little complaints are minor in their own right, but added up it makes me realize that my opinion of Tex Tubb's has turned.  I still enjoyed aspects of the place as much as I had before, but the negatives have outweighed the positives and I'd rather go elsewhere.