My prior homestead of 11 years was located directly behind Senor Tequila, which has been in this small shopping center off of Rea Rd long before Trader Joe's and the yoga pants crowd took it over, and I used to eat there semi-regularly, always enjoying all that they had to offer.  I had not been for several years and decided to stop here for dinner on the way home tonight.  I was thoroughly unimpressed, which made me a little sad.

Coming right after work, I got there around 5:30 ish on a Monday night.  There was a gentleman sitting at the bar and 2 other tables were seated.  I was instantly greeted by a young man who promptly seated me, he turned out to be my server and was very nice, attentive without hovering, but I expected that since the place was basically empty.  I had not eaten here since before they expanded - the seating area is clean and well decorated, and the tables are nicely spaced instead of being slammed on top of each other.  

The food was by no means bad at all - the flavors were fresh, well presented - there was nothing offensive about anything, it just wasn't anything special.  

The food:
Tortilla chips - may have been fresh but I didn't think they were particularly tasty.
Salsa - tomatoes, onions and cilantro.  Tasted fresh, which was nice, but nothing special.  No real oomph. 
Queso - for almost $6, I was expecting cheese dip so good that my toes curled.  Oddly served in a metal lidded bowl, it was fine.  Nothing particularly wrong with it, just fine.  
Shredded beef chimichangas w/ rice and beans $13:  The rice was a little hard and tasteless.  The beans were very smooth and served in a small fried tortilla cup - I did not care for these at all.  I was served two thin chimichangas cut on the diagonal for 4 pieces, with a small amount of queso and a small amount of tomatoes and onions sprinkled on the top.  Again, they tasted fine, but nothing special.  

Everything was a resounding meh.  I have always enjoyed Senor Tequila and maybe I just ordered the wrong thing tonight.  For the cheese dip, chimichangas and a soft drink, my total was $23, not including the tip.  I won't be rushing back, preferring to go to Azteca... or even *wince* On the Border (eek!).