Allow me to start this review by saying that I hate corporate Mexican food chains.  La Salsa and Baja Fresh both used to have fresh meats and produce, but man have they gone downhill over the last decade.  And Chipotle?  Have you seen the South Park episode entitled Chipotle-away?  That summarizes my sentiments exactly...

The girl and I were hunting the Strip looking for some breakfast at 3pm.  Nothing doing.  The only places that served brunch had waits of approximately an hour... not cool.  So we wandered into Caesar's hoping that Boa might have some unique Vegas brunch menu... denied.  

Beautiful thing is, I can eat Mexican food at any meal.  A quesadilla may not have eggs in it, but meat and cheese and all that good stuff sounds close enough to breakfast for me.  We noticed this small La Salsa situated down the end of a long, nondescript corridor, and figured it was the best that we were going to do before we went at each other's throats out of starvation.

Sat down, service was friendly.  This was by far the nicest La Salsa into which I've ever ventured... it was a proper sit-down restaurant.  Of course, the prices were higher to reflect this, but it was still a relative bargain for a restaurant on the strip.

The girl went for enchiladas, and I opted for the chipotle quesadilla.  Didn't try the enchiladas, but the chipotla quesadilla was fine... chicken, pico de gallo, guacamole, and a chipotle sauce that wasn't the worst I've ever had.  Too much cheese on the quesadilla, which was the same feedback that the girl gave on her enchiladas.  Other than that, all of the ingredients seemed pretty fresh, and the flavors weren't terrible.

I also ordered a pineapple mojito, which was pretty narsty.  It was a specialty of the house, which meant that it was premade and sitting there in a glass jar so that the pineapple flavor would infuse with the rum... tasted more like a margharita to me, or sweet and sour mix, or something... I hate sweet and sour mix.  It was overpriced too, which chapped me a bit, but hey it's Vegas.

Oh, and the bathroom had bugs in it... gross.

All in all, 2 stars.  The food was palatable if not enjoyable, the mojito was disgusting (but I still drank it for the alcohol content), but the service was fine.   I wouldn't go back, but it served its role in a pinch.  Oh, the one nice thing was that they did have a nice round center bar in the restaurant which had multiple televisions airing college football... a redeeming quality no doubt.  But still, I'll drop my bucks elsewhere.