Oh man, I wanted to like this place so hard for multiple reasons: Mexican food is one of my top three favorite types of cuisine, they have rooftop seating (score!), it's affordable eats in Shadyside - ohmuhgawd!

We visited during the Shadyside Arts Festival, which was a bad move on our part. Everything in Shadyside was crazy packed. However, we weren't in a rush to get anywhere so that didn't bother us too much. We put our names on a the list for a table and the wait was only about 15-20 minutes. Unfortunately, they seated us at a table that had a speaker situated about 2 feet above it. As loud as they were playing their music, this was not cool. I saw a couple leaving the bar so we snagged their seats instead.

The bar area is neat and reminds me of one of my favorite bars back in Florida (Monkey Bar in Orlando!). The open air design is very nice. The bar was packed, which was not surprising as it definitely has the best seats in the house, besides the rooftop.

I've read and heard of others complaining about the service and it was no different when we visited. My boyfriend had actually come earlier in the week and said there was barely anyone there and the service still was incredibly slow. So there's that.

I decided to start off with a mojito, one of my favorite drinks. This place goes down as making probably the second worst mojito I've ever had. There was so much club soda! It's just supposed to be a splash! *sigh*

We put in orders for carne asada tacos, Pescado tacos, and the roja salsa and chips. The salsa was just straight up awful. I don't know what they do to it, but I have never had salsa that bad. I asked one of the bartenders to take it off for us because neither one of us would be eating it.

I was delighted to see that they make most of their food authentically: cilantro, queso fresca, salsa, etc. Sadly, the steak in my tacos was way overdone. It was crunchy. They should also greatly consider double wrapping their shells. While tasty, those things do not hold up at all. It's no fun eating a taco with a fork. My boyfriend said his mahi mahi tacos were super delish and they looked it. Whatever they do to the black beans is to die for and the spanish rice was really good. However, I don't think they'll be knocking off Round Corner Cantina for good, authentic Mexican food for me (and it's cheaper!). 

Pros: great bar area, would be fantastic for hanging out and having drinks

Cons: slow service, so-so food