I think this will most likely be a letdown for most people. Given the breadth of variety and quality of dining options in Vegas, I would skip it. If you are a Jose Andres faithful and you just absolutely must, get the Dan Dan Mian. 

First of all, the outside seating is not fun. You're basically sitting on glorified wooden crates and when we got up to leave everyone's rear was a little sore. This makes me sound like such a pansy. Not a dealbreaker on it's own, but just a note. Also, as others have mentioned, this restaurant is not a fusion restaurant. Not a big deal if you don't expect it, but just know that there's definitely no culinary cultural mash up to be had here. 

Anyway, I went with two friends and we were pretty hungry and pretty comprehensive in our order. We got an item from each section of the menu except for soups and salads, because that's what the real pansies order. Here's what we got and what I thought.   

Tacos: Tinga Poblano - I mean it's decent, but it's not what we were expecting. Not anything special at all. Also, teeny tiny. Very little chorizo. I know the chorizo is calling your name but don't do it. You end up with a $5 mouthful of regret. PASS. 

Dim Sum: When Pigs Fly - Ugh. I didn't plan on this review being such a downer, but if I'm being honest, this is another pass. This tasted fine, but it was a steamed pork bun! For $14! We love steamed pork buns so we went for it, but expected some tender fall off the bone flavorful magic for this price. But like, it was totally standard and not special at all. PASS.  

Noodles: Dan Dan Mian - This was pretty good. I'm a fan and if I came back I would get this again. It had a nice kick to it and the noodles had a nice al dente texture. I need to note that even though this is the one thing I will vouch for, it was a little on the salty side. But I'd do it again. PLAY. 

From China: Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice - I am a sucker for any sort of endorsement ever. The waiter says Travel Channel liked it? Yes, ok, yes please. And then out comes this extra small portion of fried rice that is so not worth $20 and then you feel like, maybe the waiter played you like a fiddle. PASS.

From Mexico: Papas Fritas - I really didn't like this at all but to be fair I'm in the .001% of the nations's population that doesn't particularly care for fries. Also I never really like mole sauce because it feels misleading. You can't bill yourself as a chocolate sauce and not taste anything like chocolate. And sometimes I forget it doesn't taste chocolatey at all and I try it again and it's like UGH FLEECED AGAIN. But that's neither here nor there. PASS.

In hindsight, this really makes it sound like I hated it. Which I totally didn't, I was just very underwhelmed. As I'm originally from the DC area, I've tried several of Jose Andres' restaurants and have always been absolutely obsessed with all his creations. So maybe I've set the bar high because I've had such good things from his places before, or maybe I'm just extra judgey because I grew up eating both these cuisines so I've had much better at cheaper prices before? Dunno. Either way, despite being very hungry, all of us were just kind of like, meh, this is so not on par with his other restaurants. Again, nothing is terrible, it's just not very good. I think it just isn't worth the prices when there are so many more incredible options just a few steps away down the strip.