My husband & I wanted to try Revival during Restaurant Week.  I guess when we first walked in we should have had a clue it might not be the best experience.  Bottom line - their service was probably the worst we've experienced at a high-end restaurant ever.  

We had reservations for 6:30, we arrived a few minutes early and were told they were on a wait of about 20 mins - um then why did I make a reservation.  So we went to the bar to grab a drink while we waiting and ultimately never got helped before our table was ready.  We were seated and about 10 minutes later our server came over.  As soon as she came to our table she didn't seem to have a clue about too much.  She took our drinks orders and about 10 mins later we got those.  Mind you the restaurant is not that large - maybe it seats 40 - 50 people.  It was busy when we got there but most tables had been there a while & were finishing their meals.  

Anyway I could go on and on about how slow & inexperienced our server was but I'm guessing you can figure that out from my rating & my first description of our server.  We also witnessed another table who had been seated for at least 10 mins with no attention from a server, they got the attention of the host (who by the way was wearing a backwards ballcap) he said "Oh let me get your server" but what he should have said was "I'm so sorry, what can I get you to drink".  He walked away and another 2 - 3 mins their server finally showed up.  

The good - the food was great!  with the exception of the dessert, Habanero Bacon S'mores with Dark Chocolate & Shortbread - it was cold.  I typically don't eat my S'mores cold.  

One other thing to mention - on the restaurant week menu online it states "wine pairing offered at additional cost", our server had NO idea what we were referencing so we gave up & ordered our own drinks.  

I'm not sure that I could recommend this restaurant to anyone at this point.  Again the food was good but for the price and the poor service we received (again we saw lots of other tables receiving the same poor service) there are too many other great restaurants in the Valley.  

Sorry Revival!