Upon a recent visit to Casa Grande, we were told by our hosts that we would be going to the best Mexican restaurant they have ever been to.  Pretty bold statement.  Should have read the Yelp reviews first.  As others have pointed out, the place was quite busy, but we only had to wait about a minute for a table.

The salsa is nothing more than tomato juice with pepper flakes.  Might make a good bloody Mary base.  There is nothing exotic on their menu.  Typical culinarily deficient food described as Mexican, burritos, chimichangas, tostadas and enchiladas.  Upon a recommendation from our hosts, my wife tried a burrito with shredded beef.  I ordered the green chile.

As far as the burrito goes, all you get is meat and a tortilla shell.  If you want cheese, you must order and pay for it.  If you want sour cream, you must order and pay for it.  Basically, anything beyond the meat and shell, you will pay for.  The shredded beef had no flavor.  Quite a bit like the meat in Dinty Moore stew.

I love green chile.  I know what green chile should be like.  I have trouble describing this green chile.This was the oddest food substance disguised as green chile I have ever experienced.  It was like someone put green chiles and cubed meat (perhaps armadillo?) in a white gravy base.  It was pudding thick.  It had no flavor.  I have no idea where they have ever had green chile.  Another diner at our table had the red chile, which was the same as the green only with a red gravy base.  I was at a loss for words while trying to figure out this dish.

On the good side, they really are quite friendly and the rice was palatable.  Judging by the demographic that frequents this restaurant, salt is the only seasoning they know.  I can't stress this enough, just because the place is busy does not translate into good food.  It translates into a demographic that has given up on life and will eat anything put in front of them as long as there is salt.

Taco Bell is a four-star restaurant compared to this place.