I've been twice now, and had sub-par experiences both times.  I'm a HUGE fan of Brat Haus, and was super excited about Taco Haus's grand opening.  We went with a group of friends on opening night for Taco Tuesday.  We arrived in time for happy hour, but when we asked the server what happy hour specials they offered, he wasn't sure.  He double checked, no problem, and we ordered our drinks.  At 6:00, when Taco Tuesday officially started, we asked what the TT specials were.  Again - no clue.  I looked it up on FB and let him know what I found.  We later saw that there was a stack of TT menus at the hostess stand, but they were not shared with us.  Again, not a super big deal.  I ordered the guacamole to start, which was ok but a little bland (needed more salt or something).  The salsa (both green and brown) were amazing.  For dinner, I ordered the scallop ceviche.  I've had ceviche before, and did not remember it being so raw.  Possibly my fault, if that's how it typically comes, and I just didn't know that.  But the scallops were mushy and not at all appetizing, so I took about a bite and left the rest.  Mind you, I'm a sushi fan, so raw in general is not a problem for me, but the raw scallops were probably a bad choice.  I tasted a friend's empanada, and it was quite tasty.  Overall, I left wanting to give it a second chance, knowing it was opening night and they were still probably just working out some kinks.

The second time, I went for brunch.  I ordered a bloody mary, which was AMAZING.  Honestly, one of the best I've had.  My fiancé ordered a margarita.  Before he could specify WHICH margarita (there are several on the menu), the waitress had already hurried off .  No ask on salt or no salt, either.  She ended up bringing him the house margarita - which was not great.  My fiancé ordered the breakfast burrito, and seemed pretty happy with it.  I ordered the Cubano sandwich, and was less than impressed.  The ham looked like a slice you would get at the deli counter, not the pork i was imagining for a cuban sandwich. The mustard was little overpowering, and was just your standard yellow mustard.  I feel like I probably could have duplicated that at home.  And the sandwich had no side, which I was kind of hoping for.  We let our server know we were done....and waited.  After about 20+ minutes of trying to track her down and having her race past us (mind you, it was NOT that busy).  she finally came back to our table - and asked if we were done.  We said again that we were, and waited for the bill.  I forgot to mention that we had ordered the guacamole again as a starter.  Same fairly bland taste, but we asked for some salt and that helped.  Then found a hair in my salsa, so the rest sat unfinished.  When the check finally came, I noticed that the waitress had charged me for the guacamole - and also separately for the chips.  I did not pay close attention to my bill the first visit to see if that is common, but I found it weird.  If guacamole is listed as an appetizer, not a side, why WOULDNT it come with chips?  What else would I eat it with?  At this point, we were ready to go, so I let it be.

Both of these visits were in the first week of opening, and so I am hopeful that they will work out the kinks quickly.  I'll give it one more shot, simply because I love it's sister, Brat Haus, so much, and I hope they succeed.