Been here twice now with work homies.
First time, not bad...second time, wow.
I'm slowly getting more experienced with true Mexican food, and my favorite stuff is found at stands/trucks and Mexican greasy spoons.  This is only the second dine-in place I've been to, with the other an authentic restaurant in Tucson.
Anyway, my first time here I got mahi tacos and the wings.  I dunno why I ordered the wings or why I thought that'd be a good idea at a Mexican restaurant.  They were only OK, with no real kick or anything to make them unique in any way. The tacos were great, though.  All I can remember is the caramelized onions going so well with the sweet fish.  It was really a great dish.
Second time around I got a carne asada chimichanga.  
Wow.  
There was a spinach queso sauce all on top with melted cheese.  I could've put that sauce on the drink coasters and enjoyed myself.  Unbelievably delicious!  The meat in the chimi was seasoned well and quite tender.  It wasn't a crispy chimi due to the smothering of it in that wonderful sauce, but it all came together to make an incredible meal.  Even the beans were good, and I don't like beans.  Oh and their guacamole...so fresh.  I slathered it on top of the chimi and it impossibly made it even better.  This was honestly the best chimichanga I've ever had.
We went during happy hour and sat in a happenin' spot with a DJ and all.  Music was loud but varied and he was taking requests.  We got our theme song 'September' by EWF played and it made for a really good time.  
Waiter did his job decently.  No complaints there.
The chips and salsa were much better this visit...the chips were actually warm and the salsa thick.  We didn't get refilled as quickly as we'd liked, but oh well.
Their menu has a lot of great sounding things on it and makes me want to come back again and again just to taste everything that caught my eye.  The prices...well, this is central Phoenix so I guess they are the norm.  I'm cheap so its a bit much for me.  
The coworker we were taking out was super hungry and was really looking forward to coming here.  He left quite happy and I'm glad this place didn't disappoint.