When planning our weekly Saturday night date my husband and I wanted to try Macayos in Mesa mainly for the location on the water, a chance to enjoy the view and some good food and one another's company after a long week. I had been to the restaurant before and he had not so we were excited to give it a try. We sat outside off to the west side. There was a large party to the left and right of us. The party to the left were only there for a short time but the party to the right, that had numerous children, literally took over our dinner and ruined our entire night. First of all three of the children sat directly between the water and our table screaming at the ducks, ruining our view and distrubing our dinner. And that was only the beginning. Shortly thereafter 6 other children from the party began to climb on the stairway rail that was literally 3 feet  from our table. We were in the middle of a jungle gym and they were running and screaming all around us. Now I understand this was the fault of their very rude parents for not caring that their unruly children were ruining our night along with every other diner outside. But what makes me mad is the employee response. They knew what was going on and simply didn't care. Our waiter said and did nothing even after he obviously saw how annoying the situation was and how aggravated we were when we asked for our check right away and handed him our card so we could get out of there immediately. I went up to the hostess station on the way out and told all four of the employees up there that they shouldn't seat anyone else outside since there were unruly children climbing all over the back area and that they had ruined our night and our dinner. Even though I was obviously visibly upset the main hostess said "there was only so much they could say" (to the other party) and she didn't offer an apology nor an opportunity to speak to a manager about our unhappiness. Talk about poor customer service! Thank you for ruining our night and wasting $60 of our hard earned dollars!