I CANNOT believe I haven't reviewed this place! I wasn't going to review this place for my experience last night (which was pretty par) because I assumed I had reviewed before, but apparently not. Anyway, Macayo's as a whole is somewhat a blight on society. I know that is a little strong, but it really is not good and not authentic and just not a place where people should eat ever if they have the option. I have been to this location several times (always against my will....I have a friend that really likes it...not sure how that is possible and went to grad school at ASU, so hard to avoid). Anyway, the few times I have had dishes with meat in them from this restaurant are by far the worst times. Their meat is horrible. It has a disgusting texture and is completely devoid of flavor. So meat is definitely out when eating here (that is probably safer for your health anyway....I am just imagining a Kitchen Nightmares type scenario behind the scenes at this place). The food that does not contain meat is significantly less disgusting, albeit pretty bland. Their one saving grace is their baja sauce (sweet cream cheesy sauce) which is obviously tasty, but so terrible for you it is hard to eat in good conscious (but sometimes.....let's just say it happens). So last night I got a cheese crisp, which is pretty unmessupable and it was fine, although it had several random food items on it that obviously fell onto it from other plates (some lettuce, a small piece of chicken, etc)....nice touch. I had their 'special' Marg which was actually pretty good (it was Grand Marnier and tequila), but when I got the bill it was still 9$, so it did not appear to actually be on special (or it is an incredibly overpriced drink to begin with). That brings me to another complaint....this place is WAY overpriced. Like, an entree costs 12$ at least and is lower quality than Filiberto's. The entrees are also way WAY too big....they should probably offer half or quarter size portions for less (although the food isn't good anyway, so it doesn't really matter). So why 2 stars and not 1? This place is a decent place to drink if you are into premixed type alcohol, but they have a good happy hour and the baja sauce is good, so I can't justify a 1 star BUT if I had it my way, I would never eat at a Macayo's again ever.