loooooooooooove this place-and it only gets better!!

all the people who complain about the atmosphere of this place is CRAZY !! its so awesome!!  i used to work here in 1999 back when i was in college and we had the patio, but it looked nothing like the way it does now!  it's a complete oasis in the desert!  i've been to a fair share of mexi restaurants living in az and cali for the past 10 years, and this place is by far THE BEST!!

the food here is sooooooo good!  i literally crave their food when  im home in cali and when i come to az, as all my friends will attest, i'm all about going to macayos.  on this particular trip, i made my husband stop there on our way home so i could order my favorite meal (spinach enchilada and green corn tamale combo plate with extra baha on the side) in addition to con queso dip and extra tamales.  they have THE BEST HANDS DOWN tamales i have ever tasted EEEEVVVEEEER in my whole life. people look at me sideways when i say that, asking if i've ever had them hommade from mexis. ya, i have. macayos is sooo much better. completely rocks my socks off. their tamales are moist and spicy and cheesy and FRIGGN AWESOME. every other tamale i have ever tried has been dry and nowhere near as moist or sweet corny.  maybe they make them different, non traditional or something, i dunno, all i know is tha tthey are the most amazing food to ever touch my lips. yes, you can quote me on that. 

and the baha sauce....mmm...the baha sauce! im convinced its chock full of msg because i am psychotically addicted to it.  i guess its a good thing they dont have a macayos near me because i would be a baha eating freak, so i'd be as fat as a cow. i seriously, no joke, would BEG for a job here so i could get the food discount. i should know, as i said, i used to work here. but again, there's the cow issue, so moving on...the baha has always been good, but this time it wasn't as spicy or as good as i remembered. i'm not holding it against them tho, it could have been the batch.

and everyone is absolutely correct about the margs-they are the best around no doubt. they are the strongest and most tasty i've ever had. same price as chilis or any of those places and a whole lot better. and who doesnt like bob or senior cha cha??! :)

for the guy unappeased by the happy hour food-what do you expect from free food that is cooked by the load? it's nothing special, i'll agree with that, but for free food, i'm going to go right ahead and say it's amazing. it's FREE for goodness sakes! get over it bro! to complain about FREE food is silly. try BUYING the food--then you get to have an opinion. :P

i'm going back to az in 2 weeks. tucson tho. the macayos there are boring. but u bet ur booty ill be trucking some of the goods home fo sho!