I paid my first visit to Z-Tejas during a nice bike ride in Tempe because a co-worker of mine claimed they had a great happy hour. I have passed by this restaurant numerous times and didn't think anything special would come from a visit. I had the notion that this was another typical Mexican chain that was most likely overpriced and overrated. I can only speak for their happy hour, but it was probably one of the best happy hours around town! Everything was so cheap and great quality! I swear by their Chambord Margaritas...They are only $5 and although they seem smaller than expected, they pack a killer punch and tastes great! I was not expecting to feel that kind of buzz from one margarita! They definitely pour heavy with the alcohol!! We were planning on hitting the Chuck box for dinner afterwards so we decided to try an appetizer off of the happy hour menu just to give it a try and munch on a snack until we finished our drinks. That did not happen. We were sooooo full from the pork nachos appetizer that we could not even think about eating anything else. When the waitress brought them out, we were in shock and I guess it happens all the time because she immediately said, " I know, they're huge and the biggest thing you can get for $5 anywhere." (LOOK AT MY PICTURE OF IT) Not only was it humongous, it was incredibly delicious!!! They are extremely generous with all of the toppings (and boy, do they have a lot of toppings). We asked for hot sauce and she brought out sriracha. At first we were like, sriracha? That weird, but she walked away and I love sriracha so I was like I'll give it a try, why not? WOW it surprisingly went perfect with the pork and cheese etc. I can't wait to come back for happy hour again because everything on the menu looked amazing!! Our server was so kind and funny. She was very helpful and helped us choose the perfect meal for the day! I think her name was Christina. I definitely recommend trying their happy hour!! I posted a picture of the HH menu and their hours are in there on the side. Happy Hour is 3-7 Mon-Fri and 2-6 on weekends. Do ITTTTTT!