It was the 2nd meet up for The International Supper Club and this time Comedor Guadalajara was the place to be!

From the outside, you are not quite sure of what are you are getting into, you walk up to the place and you see a huge concrete pad that looks like it's used for outside parties maybe?  You go through the doors and then are shown your table and your mind is thinking how is it possibly this is the same building you were looking at on the outside.  It's huge, and opened, and I didn't even see the entire place. It's well lit and the colorful! A very nice surprise!

We were a party of 8 and our server was Maria, and she was amazing, she made sure we had everything we needed and more. When you 1st walked in the podium for the hostess says NO SPLIT CHECKS, so our party didn't even ask, we would have figured it out, but when it came time for the check, Maria had already split them up for us.  Love great service!

The chips are fresh, the salsa, well for me it's perfect! I could have stood it a tab bit hotter, but it had the perfect bit of heat for me, but for a fellow dinner, it was too hot for him.

Ordered a cheese crisp and some guacamole for appetizers and the cheese crisp was just that, a cheese crisp nothing too exciting to write about, but the guacamole, omg it was soo fresh tasting, I loved that stuff!! I think I might have even licked it off my fingers, I'm sure I could have eaten the entire bowl myself  (or did I).

One of the Wednesday night specials was a poblano pepper stuffed with cheese and topped with green chili sauce with grilled chicken, and it came with beans & rice. OMG AMAZING!!!!!!!!!! I didn't even see it on the menu but damn I want it again! The pepper was fresh, the green sauce was delish, and the grilled chicken just tied this dish together! The beans and rice were perfectly cooked. AMAZING!!!!

My meal filled me up pretty well, but I did order a churro, and it was the perfect way to end a great meal. Love churros!!! Warm pastry stick covered in cinnamon and sugar. Oh yea I went home a happy girl for sure!