If I could give this place negative stars I would. 
The service is horrible, the food is average and the prices are outrageous. Especially when they pad your tab with extras you didn't order and then refuse to fix it.

I have been here several times. The patio is the best atmosphere you can find, very charming and beautiful however my most recent visit here was the worst, and was also my last- here's why:

We were seated in a back corner of the patio near the exit gate. It's not a bad spot until some idiot goes through the gate but doesn't close it behind them- leaving a view of the alley and trash behind the restaurant. Hello- put a spring on the gate so it closes itself, thats a cheap fix.

Our server was one of the worst I have ever encountered. I think a dead person would have had more personality.  He rarely stopped by our table (my drink was empty for most of our time there) and while we were waiting for our food he mysteriously dropped off an order of guacamole that we did not order. Before we could question this he ran off- leaving us with guacamole.... we figured perhaps that it came with our dinner, and we ate it, though it was incredibly bland. 

We waited an incredibly long time for our food. before our food arrived another server came by our table to drop off a SECOND guacamole, which we were able to inform her that we did not order- and she took it away. 

FINALLY the food arrived. it was ok. I've had much better food at much less "upscale" places than this. 

At any rate, when our waiter came by with our check we handed over our credit card without checking the bill. HUGE MISTAKE. Turns out that they added TWO extra margaritas (at $12 each) and TWO orders of guacamole (at$8 each) - now, we wer more than willing to pay for the guac we ate, even though we didn't order it, but our server was SO RUDE saying that there was nothing he could do becuase he had already run the credit card. (ever hear of a refund? apparently he had not) He offered no appology or offer to speak to management.  When we did speak to a manager, he seemed annoyed and told us the same thing. Huge lack of customer service or wanting to make things right.  Let's just say they lost 4 customers.