I really, REALLY wanted to like this place. I really did. The raves from my personal friends, all the reviews here on Yelp... I promise you, I had high hopes. But overall, it was just average. 

I will admit that I am a bit "Southern California persnickety" about my Mexican food, but have a pretty good tolerance for even bad Mexican food.  It's grease and meat and cheese and hot sauce -- what's not to love?  Sadly, the food here was neither good, nor bad, it just... was.  Bland is the closest adjective I can give it.

The salsa was bizarre and had strange tangy-ness that was unexpected and off putting. The consistency was kind of like Cholula hot sauce, not a true salsa. The beans were beans, on the loose side, like a dip. Pretty decent, better than the salsa. The chips were fine.

We each ordered fajitas, he steak and I chicken with flour tortillas. The steak, I swear to you, had no flavor at all. It just tasted like cooked meat.  The chicken had slightly more flavor, but really, nothing to write home about. We saw spices on it, but strangely, there were none on our tongues. There was no zing, no heat, no depth, it was just... food.

Now, the tortillas -- those were awesome. Really good tortillas, freshly made. 

Where they lacked in the flavor department, they did make up for in service. While we were initially forgotten after being seated way in the back by the toilets, after we reminded them we existed, they were extra attentive. Overly so, even.  I think they could tell that we didn't love our food, as we asked for a box after just a few bites (I decided to try my hand at improving upon the leftovers the next day.) So they were very concerned about us being happy. We said we were and smiled and nodded -- we just didn't have the heart to tell them we thought their food was mediocre. :(

They brought us extra hot tortillas to go, at no additional cost, so we were very appreciative and tipped accordingly.

The meal itself was pretty pricey for a mexican restaurant, in my opinion. $15-$20 a person -- maybe that's the going rate, but I'm used to more $10-$15 a plate, the high end for fajitas.

Our bill, without alcohol was $49, not including tip, pretty high for 2 orders of fajitas, if you ask me, but maybe I'm just that old fart recalling how it used to be a quarter to go to the movies. I don't know.

Anyway, I feel bad for not being totally in love with them. What they lacked in flavor, they made up for in customer service, so 3 stars it is.