Some places are just a part of my experience with this city that I never think I to review them.  That's Lindo. It's part of Vegas' culinary landscape. Established in the early nineties, it's one of a handful of businesses in this town that seems to evolve and grow with the city. They have managed to find new ways to remain relevant and, even current, as the times, and tastes, change. 

This place remains a go-to for many for local Mexican food. They are very consistent in the product. The service is always solid and they do a strong job of providing an experience for diners. Touches from the live music to the table side guacamole preparation give this place a customer friendly energy. The staff at Lindo wants you to enjoy yourself. The place will be packed when you go as many locals count Lindo as their top choice for Mexican food. I suspect much of that goodwill is based on the energy and "excitement" of the place.

My primary issue is weak flavors and overly tough protein--specifically chicken. Like I said, they're consistent. Dishes like Chile Colorado should be fork tender. They never are. The food has changed some from when I first started coming to Lindo. The flavors seem to have turned down two notches and the delicious dishes that were once "delicioso" are now best categorized as "good".

But this may only be a problem for me since I hear so many people say they LOVE the dishes at Lindo. I fall more in the category of loving the IDEA of the dishes at Lindo. 

The updated, glossy new (as of a few years ago) menu boasts a wealth of options: pork, appetizers, fish, beef, chicken, etc. I have wondered if the effort to expand the menu has led to the decline in the quality of the dishes. On my latest visit I tried the Enchiladas de Mole. It was safe and filling. But in fairness, that's all I was expecting. 

There are no layered or even punchy flavors to challenge or excite the pallet. But I don't think that's what Lindo is about. And that's ok.  They provide good food for a reasonable price. 

I will continue to pop into Lindo for parties or with large gatherings and I'm glad to see that many people appreciate and frequent this local business.