I am gonna be as honest as i can reviewing this restaurant. It appears that I am the only one in the party of 15 we had that didn't really like this place. We came here on the recommendation of my father in law, who figured we'd all need menudo to cure our hangovers this past Saturday morning. Maybe it was because I wanted a good ol' fashioned American breakfast or maybe because I have certain restaurants back home, but this place just didn't do it for me. With that being said, this is what I found:

LOCATION & DECOR

It was beautiful both inside and out. Bar area took up most of the restaurant. Major selection of tequilas. Seating for big parties wasn't the best and we must have taken up about 1/4 of the restaurant. Location is good for those visiting or stationed at Nellis Air Force Base, but bad for people staying on or near the strip, as it is a good 15 minutes from the Dowtown Las Vegas, 20 from the strip.

SERVICE:

Seating- We were seated right away, rare for such a big party, but we were there around breakfast time, so beat the rush.

Wating- Our server took the drink order right away, brought them out right away and the beers were ice cold, as well as the mugs we asked for, and the margarita drinkers in the party said that they were poured generously. This is where my low stars come into play. IT TOOK TWO HOURS FROM ARRIVAL TO DEPARTURE! We must have waited a good 45 minutes before all the dishes began to come out. We were brought out salsa, which was OUTSTANDING, refried beans w/ cheese, also pretty good exept for the big glop of cheese in the middle, and those kept coming out, but by the time the food had arrived, I was full!

FOOD:

I didn't like my machaca. I had the pork after being given the option of pork or beef. I should have went with my gut and gotten the beef. It was okay, but not a dish that said, "WOW". Although, I have to give credit to the waiter because when I asked him what was better between the machaca and the chilaquiles, he said go with the machaca, and even though it didn't wow me, he was able to recommend something to me, which alot of waiters can't or won't do. Now If I would have only asked him if the pork or beef were better, I might have enjoyed my meal more.

Some in my party ordered campechanas (seafood cocktails) and they were pretty much licking the sides afterwards, so they all seemed to enjoy it. My wife had a grilled chicken breast in a garlic sauce, and it was pretty tasty. A good friend ordered the Pipian, and she said it was some of the best she's ever tasted that isn't her mama's.

Overall, I think this place would be good for drinks and watching a game, as they had the Charger game on that day. It might even be good for a smaller group then ours, say 2-4 people, maybe no more than 6. Two hours is a long time to be in a restaurant, especially when most of that time is spent waiting on food to come out, and maybe it could have been because our group is so large, but I've had faster service in other restaurants with a group just as big. I might give it another shot one day, but not anytime soon!