Don't let the obvious IKEA lights put you off: Canteen has captured lightning in a bottle, as far as Mill Avenue is concerned. I was present for drinks at the Grand Opening, for Happy Hour on a second visit and for dancing on a third. Truly, Canteen operates masterfully at each of these levels, all while somehow managing to maintain an air of that oh-so-elusive adjective: class.

Canteen keeps business good by opening only at 4PM, which is just in time for their Happy Hour. At this time, the place is slow, but the food is delicious and the prices are right. A plate of three gourmet miniature tacos for less than $5 hits the spot, and don't even get me started on their on-the-rocks style margaritas. Delicious, wickedly strong and, thankfully, made of forgiving ingredients including agave nectar, lime juice and 100% agave tequila. Just one or two of these is more than enough to get the party started. In addition to great food and drink, it seems that Canteen has gone to extraordinary lengths to hire only waitstaff that might make the pages of GQ or Maxim, and are incredibly personable too boot. 

As afternoon fades into night, the lights dim, candles are lit and the music swells. Canteen has concocted the perfect atmospheric blend of fun, friendly, upscale and intimate.

On weekends, however, it's another story. The tables are moved aside and people pour onto the patio, where there is an open bar (that, oddly enough, served only margaritas and did not know what a "Citron and tonic" was, but who am I to complain?). Somehow, everything that is wrong with Mill remains far away from Canteen, as if the place is protected by some sort of enormous bro-squito net. The people are beautiful, well dressed (not a popped collar in sight) and, for the most part, the men seem to understand the concept of "look, don't touch." 

Ten of us arrived on a Saturday, and it took us no time at all to vote our night at Canteen the best we've ever had. Great music, great drinks, great dancing without any of the cheap alcohol, sweat and lecherousness that generally ruins a perfectly good night out with the girls.

All in all, Canteen has my vote, day and night.