it was the wife's happy hour social time for her birthday. and we kind of figured we'd try Mill Ave since school was not in session and we'd have less college kids to deal with. besides, we'd always wanted to try Canteen. 

the 3 stars reflect primarily service, not food. off the happy hour menu, i ordered the portobello mushroom tacos. they come in 3's. i was impressed as they were very well done. the wife had the grilled fish tacos and she said they were very tasty. we also ordered the chips and pico de gallo. the chips were warm, thin, crispy....very good. 

the patron silver tequila was tasty and smooth. the house margarita....also very tasty, not too sweet like many pre-mixes. i ordered another tequila, but was brought a patron anejo (i did not order that one)...i did not enjoy it but our dinner companions did.

our server was not mean. she was actually very friendly but just not prompt. they failed the water glass miserably. i asked 3 times for water, and finally had to go to the bar myself to have more water. later, another server asked if we needed anything and we all said "more water" and it just never showed up. anytime our server asked if we needed anything, she didn't stick around long enough to wait for me to swallow the mouthful of food i was chewing on. one of the tequila's i ordered was the wrong one, and our dinner companion had to ask 3 times for a tequila he ordered.

also, as we were seated next to the patio door, we asked if the door could be closed since it was cold. our server said no, something about fire code. however, when another party sitting behind us asked their server, she said sure and closed the door. anyhoo....

but probably the funniest was when we asked our server about the chile rellenos happy hour item. she didn't know what they were and pronounced it phonectically (sounding out the double L). i just assumed you should know a little more about the product you are selling. 

we will probably come back because the food and tequila's were good and the happy prices were reasonable. maybe we'll get a different server next time.