The Mission has been a place that I have always wanted to go to. It's in the area of town that I'm always in. 

I had tried twice to make reservations and I couldn't get a spot. It made me want to go even more. Finally I was able to get in and have dinner.

When we walked in the place was beautiful. Dim lighting a buzz of lively chatter and happy people. We were promptly shown to our seats. It was as we had imagined. When we sat down we waited for about 5 mins until our waitress came to take our drink order. We put our drink orders and appetizer orders in. We got the Duck Confite  and Faus Gras Empanadas. It was so good. Oh man it was delicious. After about 15 mins I started to worry about why our waitress had not come to take our order. I had finished my drink and didn't get a water refill. By this time I was frustrated. It was until 38 mins later did our waitress come back to take our order. I was livid but she came with a bit of an attitude. I had noticed it in the beginning and now it was apparent that she was acting as if she didn't want to be there and we were an inconvenience. It started to get warm, very warm. She came back and asked us if we needed anything else and before we could answer she walked off. The drink I had ordered was good but the Margarita we had ordered wasn't the one we ordered and when we politely asked her to get the right drink we ordered she rudely replied "I don't understand, that's what you ordered, *rolled her eyes* well what else would you like?"  We replied with "um well I'll just have a classic margarita, no salt on the rim" and she replied with "are you sure?" Which then I answered "oh we are sure sweetheart, we would rather not wait 39 mins to receive our drinks" the food was good but small small
Portions. The margarita we received had a salt rim and was not worth the $13 charged. We were also charged the drink we asked to not be charged for bc we didn't order it. 

When we told her that our drink had that charge she replied with "well I guess I can go take that off" she replied with a "nevermind" we paid and left. 

I was extremely disappointed and upset and didn't enjoy my time at all. It was a terrible experience and I do not want to return. The Mission is great looking but staff needed more training. Maybejust her. I was sad.