We happened past The Mission as we were wandering around Old Town Scottsdale before today's Giants game (Giants won! Yes!). As we're vegetarians, and ballpark food is usually pretty sparse for folks who don't eat hot dogs and cheese steaks, we were looking for a place to grab some lunch before the game, and the menu here drew us right in.

We chose to sit on the well-shaded patio, as the interior of the restaurant is rather dark. The patio is really pleasant...well-shaded, and with plenty of cover to prevent...er...birdy accidents (I normally avoid dining al fresco, having lost many a tasty meal to a sparrow's incontinence, but this patio was sheltered enough that it seemed -- and, thankfully, was -- safe!).

Neither of us wanted anything heavy (we were still a bit full from a wonderful pizza at Papago Brewing the night before, and anticipating a big dinner at Café Lalibela in Tempe that evening). I ordered the Grilled Romaine Salad and an order of Grilled Street Corn, and my husband had the Roasted Organic Butternut Squash Tacos. We regretfully declined the tableside quacamole, even though we're major guac fans, as we knew we'd never find room for it (we did see it being made, though, and it looked amazing).

We both enjoyed our food, but we also agreed that my meal was the real star. If you've never tried (or thought about) grilling lettuce, you're really missing something! Grilling brings out the sweetness in this often rather bland vegetable, and adds a nice smokiness that was, in this salad, perfectly complemented by the chipotle vinaigrette. Everything was in perfect balance, with a slight saltiness added by the cotija cheese, a kiss of heat from the chipotles, and textural contrasts provided by the black beans and the thin tortilla strips. It was generously sized too...perfect for a light lunch.

The corn was, in a word, amazing. My serving consisted of nearly an entire ear of corn, served as two skewers, each bathed in a luscious chili-laced butter sauce and lightly coated with more cotija cheese. Yum!

My husband's tacos were very good as well. They were served as three mini-tacos, each on a small, handmade tortilla. The proportion of filling to tortilla made them something you'd want to eat with a fork (like a small, not-fried, tostada) rather than try to pick up. The filling was well-seasoned and had a very good flavor.

I also had one of their house margaritas (on the rocks), and it was very well-made. You knew you were drinking tequila and not some cheap-o candy drink. Good flavor, with just the right amount of tartness.

Very glad we stopped here! We'll be repeat customers!