Brunch on a Sunday.... This was exactly what we were looking for!

Setting:
The weather was perfect so we dined on the patio at a corner table with an umbrella.
The corner table had bench seating on one side and chairs on the other and it was actually quite comfy.
There's a raised planter in between you and the side walk to give a bit of separation from you and the street.  It's a fairly quiet street (even with Spring Training fans walking around) so it wasn't loud.
Great place to hang out and relax.

Starters:
Bloody Mary and Mimosas
I had the BM... it was very good.  I wanted to order another one but figured I'd better "be good" and only have one.
Mom sucked down her Mimosa.... She wanted another one too but she refrained.  :)

Fresh, Table-side Guacamole...  So!  Good!
They make it to your preference... so if you don't like onions or cilantro or whatever then you can omit what you don't like.  But let me tell you... all the ingredients were Excellent.  We opted for Medium heat and it was perfect... the heat from the pepper balanced the creaminess of the avocados.... Oh and the roasted pepitas on top were like the "can't live without sprinkles on a cupcake".  Next time I make guac... I'm adding a a bit of pepitas.  These add a nice flavor, crunch and texture to the dip.

I ordered the Chicken Torta with an egg on top (it was brunch so I figured an egg would make it breakfast-y)... Mom ordered the Green Chilaquiles and the husband ordered the Chorizo Scramble.

The husband's Chorizo Scramble was good and the Chorizo had lots of flavor and a bit of a kick.  But overall, I was unimpressed with the dish.  It was your basic egg dish.

My Chicken Torta was really cheesy... I don't mean it was silly... I mean... there was lots of cheese on it.  This isn't a bad thing if you love cheese. I didn't realize this so next time (because there will be a next time)... I'll order something a little lighter.  This dish was meaty and filling.  I didn't recognize most of the ingredients but it sure was tasty... plus it had nice heat which made the cheese a little less overpowering.  It's a pretty big dish... I didn't finish it... so the husband helped me out.

Mom's Green Chilaquiles was Awesome!  BIG too!  I called them Gourmet Nachos.  Just thinking about them makes my mouth water.  If you're adventurous and have never tried these before.... Order these with a beer.  Total comfort food.  :)

Service:
Great!
Super friendly and accommodating.
Since we were one of the first for brunch ... they let us pick where we wanted to sit.