The Mission is a hidden gem, small in scope but grand in vision. There are three separate interior dining spaces, along with a small patio, which creates a warm vibe and reduces the bustle and sound levels, creating an intimate setting. The owner Pavle is very welcoming and is a superb host. For a quick weekend in Scottsdale we sat outside for an early afternoon bottle of wine and a cheese & fruit plate, which was off menu but Pavle said "leave it to me to put something together" and he delivered. We also took his recommendation for wine, with a Lynch Aligote and both were wonderful. We decided to return for a dinner the following evening, as the menu and wine list read so well. Putting ourselves in Pavle's hands, we had a bottle of champagne from Savoie and a Etna red, both great and well priced. He could have chosen something for $100, and we had a larger budget, but his picks were half that and it is a testament to his ability to deliver consistent value and a high quality experience for his patrons. He also shared a taste of two Chinons, one being a rarer personal selection, which was greatly appreciated. For dining, we put ourselves in his & the chef's hands, and they did not disappoint. Wonderful varied flavors, from the lamb dumplings, falafel plate, pasta, and then to chicken...and I'm writing from memory so I will be general, the cuisine we tried (about 25% of the menu) is a hybrid of "classic" Mediterranean (falafel, lamb...) but with Italian "peasant" influences (brothy with vegetables), light and flavorful, not heavy, with a "Grandma's kitchen" feel where the plating is home-y, large portions, not served with a "reverence" you might find at a fancy foodie restaurant. Definitely a warm welcoming feel, where food is more dionysian. Notable: the chicken is sourced from a small farm, we had a breast that was pounded thin, had a wonderful gameier taste and texture, served with a topping best described as a dry salsa, with halves of lightly cooked radish, with wonderful croutons of lightly fried polenta. Fabulous. Highly recommend you visit (& make reservations!...also note he bar has only 3 seats, but Pavle is very accomodating and will work with you). If I neglected to mention this, the wine selection is outstanding. Many local items (AZ & NM), as well as a robust Old World list. Anyone who favors Kermit Lynch selections for his wine list is a man to be trusted!