Let me start by saying-- whenever I decide on a place for lunch or dinner Mexican/Latin/Spanish food is rarely (uhm... never) at the top of my list. But, it was my boyfriends 21st birthday, and he'd been talking about going here for a while. Knowing that they had a pretty good drink selection, I decided to take him.

The place is smack in the middle of Downtown/Old Town Scottsdale, so be sure to arrive a bit early and be able to walk a little ways, because they don't have their own private lot (it's all street parking). Anyhow, the outside is very plain and simple- like an actual Spanish missionary-type building. Despite the simplicity to the exterior, the interior is so much more lavish. So much up-scale decor and style, I was blow away! 

Anyhow, we sat down and had the most pleasant and nice waitress that we've had in a while at any dining experience. She had short blonde hair and was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and seemed to genuinely care. She took our drink orders and was so nice about it being my boyfriends birthday! After checking ID, she brought us the blood orange margarita and the watermelon mojito. According to the boyfriend, both drinks were really good and really strong-- I guess that's a good thing considering the drinks are pretty pricey- $12-14 a piece. 

Anyhow, when she came back we ordered the tableside guacamole to start. Awesome concept, you get you add in exactly what you want, you get to determine how spicy you want it (we got the hot version) and you get to watch it being made! Aside from the interesting concept, the guacamole itself was SO good. I really haven't had fresh guac like that ever. The only downside is that the portion is a tad small for $12. 

Our waitress came back in a timely fashion, and took the time to explain the menu in detail to us. We ended up ordering the barbacoa tacos and the crispy rock shrimp tacos. The wait for the food was short, and when they came out I was amazed. I have NEVER, EVER, EVER eaten a taco that mind-bogglingly delicious. How it works for the tacos is you get three tiny little housemade tortillas that come with heaps of meat or shrimp or whatever you decide on top- kind of like an open-faced sandwich concept. Anyhow, the rock shrimp were my favorite. The shrimp were cooked to crispy perfection, but not overly-battered. The shrimp tasted fresh and juicy, and the cabbage and such that came with it was delicious as well. Make sure to squeeze some fresh lime on top for an extra kick! My boyfriend ordered the barbacoa tacos, and they were honestly amazing as well. I've really never eaten meat that tender in my life. It was super flavorful and melt in your mouth delicious! 

Once we finished, we waited a bit for our plates to get cleared, but to our surprise our waitress brought us a sparkler with a complimentary dessert for my boyfriends birthday. The dessert was a warm pumpkin bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream, and gosh was it delicious. I would most definitely recommend it. The service got pretty slow toward the end of our meal, but honestly it didn't really deter too much from the great food. 

The bill came- around $80, but I was so willing to pay the price for a great meal and good service (FINALLY)! Would most definitely recommend to anyone looking to try something out of the box!