Having heard Phoenix dining doesn't often extend past 10pm I was admittedly surprised by the people waiting out the door but judging from the number of halter-tops and guys wearing sun glasses at night I quickly realized that The Mission was not all about "dining" after all and on my new friend's arrival we exchanged greetings and made our way through the crowd, across the patio, and into the dimly lit room.  Setting prejudices aside and deciding to let the food do the talking I was pleasantly surprised.  Full review with pictures is in my blog, highlight dishes are below:

With the kitchen moving surprisingly quickly despite (or perhaps because of) the late hour it would be perhaps fifteen minutes before our first course of the evening would arrive and although something I'd not have traditionally ordered the Almejas Al Vapor would prove to be well worth its "best in the valley" designation.  Described as Peruvian in origin and served in a large low-bowl along with dense "pan de yucca" bread with a good sponge for dipping this complex amalgam of spicy aji Amarillo chile powder, tender clam stew, rock shrimp, chorizo, roast corn, basil, garlic, and turmeric was everything its ingredients suggested and then some - hot and spicy, smoky and garlicky, sweet but saline, and all the while complex without being overwhelming.  While I personally could have stood for just a bit less salt and a touch more sweet to temper the spice this was a small quibble balanced nicely by the sweet rolls.

For the second of this round of appetizers my favorite plate of the meal would be presented as "Duck Carnitas Empanada," an invariably upscale take on the traditional empanada with a golden flaky shell harboring orange glazed duck confit and an admixture of habaneros, mushrooms, cilantro, and queso Oaxaca.  Delectable on its own but certainly open to further adornment the empanada was subsequently topped with a chunk of seared foie gras and finally with a foie fortified queso Oaxaca pan sauce and a drizzle of tamarind oil with the end result sweet, savory, and totally decadent.

Left with a bit more time to digest and a lot less noise as the restaurant's population had literally dwindled by half a mere forty-five minutes after we were seated the final savory of the evening would arrive just after 11pm and as I was doing the ordering it just so happened to be a second round of my favorite fowl, this time the "Green Chile Duck Confit."  Ample in portion and more so in flavor this pile of two legs and two thighs featured a whole lot of duck for the dollar but unfortunately was just a bit less crispy than one would have hoped - a small quibble as it was not greasy, but not "textbook" confit by any means.  Again spicy without being "hot" the duck subsequently topped with sultana serrano peanut mole and paired on the plate with savory "cheesy fried hominy" that tasted something like a cross between popcorn and corn nuts plus smoked mushrooms to help ground the rest of the flavors.

For dessert The Mission's Pumpkin Bread Pudding with Scotch, Caramel, Pepitas, Pomeganate, and Chipotle seasonings was quite outstanding.  Beginning first with the pudding, almost a steamed sticky pudding in texture, the flavor of the pumpkin, cinnamon, and clove was present in spades and the scotch tones blended nicely with the sweet caramel giving it all a heavy handed boozy bite.  With a touch of spice from the chipotle cooled by quickly melting dulce de leche ice cream I additionally found a lot of appeal in the pumpkin seeds and pomegranate with their respective salty and sweet crunch adding some texture.

A modest tab, particularly when split, we opted to divide the bill down the middle and with that we made our way to the streets where, as I'd been told, few people were to be found at 11:30pm even on a Saturday.  Saying our goodbyes I made my way to my car satisfied with my meal at the Mission and realizing that perhaps my bias against "scene restaurants" was a bit unfounded, much like my preconceptions about "Southwest cuisine" - a fitting conclusion to my first trip to Arizona and a bit of reassurance that I could undoubtedly live here.  Sure the city shuts down early but to be completely honest by the time we left The Mission it was already nearly 2 hours after my typical bedtime anyway.