The Mission has been my favorite restaurant to eat at for over 3 years now! I am constantly talking about it with friends and acquaintances. I recently ate there for yet another gathering and decided to say some things on yelp. 

The only restaurant that can come close to the fresh quality and professional and friendly service is about 2 1/2 hours away. The perfect combination of freshness and flavor that the Chef puts together on the plates are unmatched. Just to name a few, the Tostadas and Crispy Cola Pork appetizers are two dishes I always get when I arrive. Both his every taste bud in your mouth to give you perfect satisfaction. The margaritas are the most well balanced margs I've ever tasted and the restaurant has a great selection of tequilas to sip on or shoot. Maestro Dobel all the way!! Most of the servers are incredibly educated on the food and you can tell just how much they love the place. The staff who have been there as long as we've been coming always remember us and make a point to come over and say hello. Always very professional and down to earth. 

Now, I was curious to see what other foodies had to say about this restaurant by looking at some of the other reviews. I had to laugh as I swear some of the "lower" reviews must have been in the wrong restaurant. There is no happy hour that I've ever seen (trust me I've asked). They do have a "transitional" menu in between lunch and dinner when all the staff is changing but no happy hour menu. The thing that brought me to this restaurant years ago was that Phoenix magazine had them down as the #1 Latin restaurant in the valley. I can assure you they have done nothing but gotten more popular and more busy since then! They're definitely not closing down soon, good sir that was just a rumor. The owners have been telling me about a new restaurant they're opening up just up the road within the next few months! That tells me they're progressing forward not backwards. However, the street tacos are a small meal. if you're not that hungry street tacos are great! If you are looking for a full meal however, another item other than STREET tacos would be ideal. 

Anyway, that is my review of the restaurant! Another foody who eats out about 5 nights a week and is incredibly picky about what restaurants get my money. The Mission deserves all that I do give them.