The Mission serves "modern Latin cuisine in a sophisticated yet casual setting" according to their website. Actually, I'd say the Mission serves the best meal in the greater Phoenix area with a simple and romantic flair. So much for adjectives, as there may not be enough to accurately describe this dining experience.

First off, The Mission makes me want to "re-calibrate" my other Yelp reviews as this is truly a real 5 star place. 

We are staying in a wonderful 5 star resort where the concierge suggested this dining spot, but also let us know (under full disclosure) that she is employed by The Mission as a bartender. She gave us 2 tips: "You must try the Duck Empandas and the Peruvian Stew". Peruvian stew is actually called "Almejas Al Vapor" and consists of peruvian clam stew + rock shrimp + chorizo + pan de yucca + aji amarillo + roast corn, and is a bit spicy. I thought this was an odd choice as it's 80 degrees outside dining on their lovely patio, but we tried both. 

The Almejas Al Vapor is an incredible dish. Each bite reveals a new twist and many new flavors. Unbelievable call, and no, it doesn't make you seem warmer than normal. The Duck Carnitas Empanadas are excellent and are a bit cheesy. If you like white sauces and cheese, you'll love this dish. The dish consists of duck + foie gras + orange + habanero + oregano + mushroom + queso oaxaca baked in a homemade empanada shell. Honestly, I was trying to pace myself, so I only ate a few bites of an excellent small plate..

Our excellent server had her favorite appetizer and insisted we try the "lettuce wraps", aka Crispy Cola Pork consisting of pork belly + cola + lime + chiltepin + peanut + pickled red onion wrapped in gem lettuce.
This dish is excellent and the lettuce cleverly is placed on the peanut sauce such that you only get every flavor if you eat by hand v with a fork. You'll have to try it to understand what I'm saying.

After appetizers, I was forced to "downsize" the entree and we split the Steak Tacos. The story we'd heard about this place was the Chef who is famous for French Cuisine and created Zinc Bistro always wants a "Taco stand". This is far beyond a Taco stand, but you get the French influence and clever presentation, with Latin cuisine and perfect use of spices and sauces making the Mission unique. 

Dessert time which means it's time to split the Fired Bananas. Generally, I skip dessert, but Fried Bananas is one of my favorite foods, and these are the best I have ever had. 

First, the presentation: The fried banana are actually placed in a cinamon tortilla shell. There's house-made peanut butter and Cinamon Gellato on the plate. This is all rounded off with a simple, elegant cinamon/sugar mixture (heated as a light sauce) with a few peanuts as garnish. Here's the menu's description: Fried Bananas butter + nutmeg + peanuts and dulche de leche.

We sat on the patio as our bartender suggested this was a quiet romantic spot...excellent call. There are two other dining areas, a front patio and the inside which has a large bar. Inside seemed loud and would be a good happy hour spot. The back patio was wonderful for romantic outdoor ambiance. 

Last, and not at all least, our service was wonderful. The server on the back patio knew all of the dishes, made great wine recommendations and was just a wonderful, upbeat person who knew food. 

This place required a 2-day advance reservation during Baseball Spring training, but is well worth the planning process. I look forward to the next visit!