We have been meaning to try The Mission for awhile, and we were extremely impressed. We are self-professed foodies, good cooks, etc.
Let's start with the fact that they seated us promptly at our reservation time, and that reservation had only been made that day.....surprising, because the place was packed!! Alfonso was our waiter, and he was awesome and didn't hesitate to make suggestions that we were happy to add to our dinner. First, the margaritas. ....this place knows how to pour, and they are fresh  - the only way we will drink them. Next - there are only 3 places in Phoenix that can make good table-side guacamole, and this is the best of them. Alfonso suggested a fried pork belly/cola reduction appetizer that I had to be talked into. OMG....heaven, and such a complex blend of flavors that the sweet, crunchiness of the pork belly can only be described as "worth it" if you are balking at the issue of pork belly.
Entree: we chose the Chorizo Porchetta and the Scallops. Both were excellent and may I say that the timing of each course was unbelievably prompt. We never waited and yet didn't feel rushed.
Dessert: I confess that I read the dessert menu first before making dinner decisions, and while other reviews loved the selections ...I wasn't blown away. The churros were small and dough-y, and the milkshake was just to heavy/sweet after a meal.....better to fill the churros with a cheese and serve them warm on dulce de leche ice cream. Fried bananas didn't excite me either. Bananas are bananas..... The pumpkin bread pudding seemed heavy and Autumn-like for a 110 degree day in Arizona and did not compliment the Latin flavors of the dinner. I feel their dessert menu needs to be expanded in a way that compliments their cuisine....some citrus sorbet, chocolate-with-red-chile cake, lime cheesecake. At any rate, I still give them the full Monty on stars!!!
Most recent visit: the food was just as great, but we weren't as blown away by the ambiance. We were seated at a table for two on the back wall. My elbow literally kept bumping the gentleman to my left and the conversation to the right of us (a party of four) was literally so close that it inhibited us from having much conversation of our own. Also, the restaurant is SOOO dark you would think they would notice when FOUR neighboring tables are all using their cell phones/flashlight apps to read the menu.