The Mission had me for a moment. The inside was so dark, our waitress looked overworked and the table-side guacamole inspired an eye roll from me for its gimmickiness. 

I suppose if you go there to romance someone the candle lit dimness sets a certain kind of ambience. But if you are there like me to get some serious grub, the darkness is just plain annoying. 

Ok now lets talk about food. Its just too bad the other half and I are not big eaters, otherwise we would have ordered a lot more than the table-side guacamole, kale salad, street corn and mahi mahi tacos.

The eye-rolling-inducing guacamole is nothing to write home about. Something one can easily make at home or get in one of the many tacquerias for half the price. Now, the Kale Salad. Ah the Kale Salad with its julienned- cut kale, cleverly sized bits of blood orange, roasted peppitos, peeled whole little tomatoes and dressing that erred a little to the overwhelming side.  This is one of those meals that made me think about the process of creating the food. Man, I wish I knew how to perfectly peel the skin of a little tomato without crushing the tomatoes or how do I take the bitterness of uncooked kale into a salad that has a myriad of wonderful textures and flavor. I really really appreciated the bitter chewy bits of the blood orange because by itself would have made me upset but paired with the rest of the salad, the combo just worked.  Did I mention I really like this salad?

The Mahi Mahi Taco was interesting. The juxtaposition of the large battered mahi with the tiny taco made me wonder but when I bit into it, I understood the intention was to highlight the fish and the other condiments compliment the fish.  Too bad I don't like greasy fish too much, otherwise I'd enjoy this dish a bit more.

I asked my Street Corn to be stripped from its cob. I like corn. I am guessing the appeal of this side dish is the mayo-based sauce. Meh. I am okay with it.

I'd give 4 stars for the Kale Salad alone but service plus darkness.. hmm 3 stars is generous.