My wife and I decided to hit this place for dinner on our last night staying in AZ after an amazing 2 week vacation.  Its menu and good reviews drew us in immediately.  Old Town Scottsdale is also such a great fun place, we just had to go back to have our last hurrah there.

After not being able to make a reservation as it was completely booked, we were pleasantly surprised when the hostess found us a table for two just as walk ins.

We ordered a couple of beers and decided to get the two appetizers that grabbed us the most.  The Duck Carnita Empanada and the Pazole.  When my wife got the empanada, she immediately realized there  was no way she could eat that then an entree after it.  It was a very large portion and rich/heavy.  I didn't mind that so we switched and she took the pazole.  After a few spoonfuls she told me it was very salty.  I was surprised because we are salt fiends and never complain about saltiness.  I took a few spoons and yes, it was extremely salty.  Inedible salty.  If you have ever had Kalua pork at a luau, you would know that it is very salty, but in a pleasant way.  This was way more salty than that.  We told the server and he immediately said they would take it off the bill.  Considering the reputation, I would have thought they would offer a free drink or desert, but that is ok.  Anyway, my empanada was good, just very filling, and unfortunately I ordered the Duck Confit for dinner, so double rich duck dishes.  My wife got the snapper which  was extremely good and made up for the salty pazole.  I was relieved.  I thought maybe we hit a place that was all hype, but no, this place is legit and very good. They just probably had one of those moments where someone in the kitchen didn't taste before sending out the dish.  I will never hold that against a restaurant the first time.

We were too full for desert, so that was it.  The place was super busy, hip, and dimly lit, which we like.  Service was very good.  Dammit though, I was really looking forward to my 2nd ever bowl of Pazole.  My first was while visiting AZ last year and I had been craving it since.

We will be going back to The Mission as it has a very interesting menu that deserves investigating further.  Plus it's a fun place, albeit pricey.