As a hopeless foody I think I am hard to impress, but this place knocked my socks off.  After reading reviews and talking to a few locals we decided to dine at the Mission on a Saturday night.  Our reservations were for late, but we wandered in early and grabbed a seat at the bar.  Sitting next to us a local was ordering and ran through the menu with us...he was so enthusiastic that we decided to get a few appetizers there....they were incredible.  My wife got an wonderful drink that paired with the house guacamole and the braised pork belly perfectly.  The fresh made chips were terrific, and the pork belly portion was bigger than most steaks I have had recently.  Topped with caramelized onions, perfectly spiced, just the right balance of crisp on top and unctuous in the middle.  The appetizers were so incredible we decided to keep going.  The ambience was wonderful, the crowd was sociable and we ordered the Peruvian clam stew, the duck confit and the sweet potato fries....oh, almost forgot the braised beef street tacos.  The portions were all huge, and it was clear that we had ordered too much, but we shared with the folks around us.  The street tacos were good, topped with a crisp slaw and fresh homemade bread and butter pickles.  I would say they were just what we expected.  The duck was excellent, and more than enough for my wife and I to split...and we still couldn't finish it all.  The fries were great....and good fries should never be taken for granted.  But, the dish that trumped them all was the clam stew.   The spicy brown broth was light...almost airy, and its all about the broth.  The stew was just spicy enough, without being overpowering.  I actually had a dream about it that night....
OK, we are obviously fans.  Great ambience, terrific service, warm rich dark decor that makes you feel good when you walk in on a cool winter night, excellent drinks...need I say more.   If you are in the Phoenix area make this a priority stop....you will not be disappointed.