I decided to check this place out after many of the people I had recommended it to came back raving about it! They were right! 

The Mission is located in Old Town Scottsdale amidst a flurry of Arizona souvenir shops,  pricey art galleries and historical museums.  This is a very touristy area.  Despite that, the Mission is anything but touristy.  It is tastefully decorated as the name would imply, and still goes a step beyond the cliche mission style with romantic window treatments and elegant chandalier lighting.

My friend and I came in for lunch and as we past  through the front patio, debated whether or not to dine al fresco.  That though evaporated as soon as we entered and eyed the bar.  It called out to us- as many bars do.  Unlike the rest of the place, the bar was empty so we hunkered down and recieved incredibly friendly and professional service.
After chatting up the bartender a little about the menu, we sipped our LA Vodka and sodas.  The vodka was tinged with pommegranite and was a little to sweet for me but it was vodka.
The tableside Guacamole was prepared with excellent results. Chunky, creamy and best of all zesty as it should be.  The Chips were warm and had 3 different salsas for dipping.  One was smokey, one green and one was just right!
Next up was a Peruvian clam stew, served with Taro root bread to sop up the savory juices.  The clams were fresh and the vegetables were very flavorful.  Delishious!
We decided to split the Pork Shoulder tacos.  Even though they appeared to be small, the flavor they packed was anything but.  It was the perfect amount  for us.  After a second drink and several glasses of water, we though t we were through- but no.
Our bartender friend surprised us with yet  another incredibly tasty dish- Pumpkin bread pudding with vanilla bean ice cream and a little carmel sauce.  It was worth every fat calorie!
Everything about this place was excellent.  The service was impeccable.  The decor- interesting and romantic.  The food was truly inspiring and satisfying on every level.  
I can't wait to go back for Brunch!!!!