The Mission: It's not Mexican, its Latin, related to be sure but also entirely different.

The Mission is located in Old Town Scottsdale, and is situated between the old Spanish style church and the black smith shop for you old school Scottsdale folk. If you're looking for a great place to take out of towners for some refined Latin style cooking, and a taste of Old Town Scottsdale this restaurant really can't be beat.

It's one of the few places that still do fresh Guacamole tableside that you can have mild, spicy or hot. I recommend the hot, as it's how I prepare my Guac at home. Mike the bartender is quickly gaining a following as a specialist in "spicy" margaritas, but make no mistake Mike is a true mixologist and takes his craft very seriously. Mike will usually have two frozen margaritas on tap at any given time and one version will usually be spicy. I've had the habanero, pear & ginger (yes that's right), watermelon and the spicy mango. All are awesome. Ask for a sample. Mike also has other cocktails and non frozen margs always on hand.

The chips and salsa are done in house the salsa is great and has a wonderful smokiness to it. If you want some additional dimension to your chips and salsa ask for the additional salsas that usually have on hand for the asking. It's worth asking for it as they are wonderfully prepared and add another flavor depth to your culinary experience.  However you will need ask specially for the ghost chilies salsa, and its hot, hot stuff comprade so please be careful. In India they use ghost chilies to keep elephants away if you catch my drift.

 I really love the Sunday afternoon pork taco all you can eat special. They roast a couple of pigs on property and serve until the pig is gone. The pork shoulder and the carnitas will rock your world with fresh made little corn tortillas. Its "Delicioso" as Jimmy Dean would say. You can also order the pork as entrees if you're not there Sunday or just want an entrée; however the pork shoulder can't be beat as it explodes off the bone. 

I had the Almegas Al Vapor which is Peruvian seafood soup. This blew me away and wonderfully balanced with a light creamy broth and very unique flavors. The soup is not over powered by the seafood and the whole bowl is nicely done and makes for a great tasting dish just to expand your culinary diversity. The other side order I have to recommend is the street corn. The corn is sweet, wonderfully spiced and makes for a wonderful addition to any meal.  While I haven't had them I hear the sweet potato fries are pretty stellar as well.

Two desserts that can't be missed are the pumpkin bread pudding and the espresso churros. The pumpkin bread pudding is made from scratch down to the caramel sauce. It's great even if you don't like bread pudding, try it. The other desert I really liked is the espresso churros with little chocolate milkshakes. It's a great dish for out of towners that may be a little reserved with food that they are not normally accustomed to.

The Mission is a small restaurant, so make sure to book reservations during the high season and most of all enjoy la dolce far niente.