I don't toss around 5 stars lightly. Service has to be flawless, food has to be top notch, and the entire experience needs me to be thinking about it days later. That's what I experienced at The Mission. Broken Plate Concepts truly gets that dining out isn't just dining out--it should be an experience from start to finish. 

Like it's sister restaurant, House Brasserie, the restaurant is lovely.  And it's meant to be a finer dining experience so take the time to dress up. A party ahead of us who clearly hadn't planned out their experience was informed that the young men needed to remove their baseball caps. They weren't happy about it, but I appreciate that a restaurant wants to maintain a certain level of experience for everyone.  There are 2 patios, one in front and one in rear of restaurant. Both were comfortable and calming. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable, and worked very hard to make our first experience memorable. We were celebrating our anniversary and she even treated us to dessert. Classy!

So, if you're coming to The Mission, you have to have the table side guacamole. It's a must have. You can have other stuff off the starters list but if you don't get the table side guacamole, you are a fool. Seriously. It's that good. They roll out a cart filled with every ingredient imaginable to create guac and literally make guacamole right at your table to your taste. It doesn't get any fresher or better than that. The chips are warm, not too salty and more importantly, sturdy! There is nothing worse than flimsy chips that break when you are scooping salsa and/or guacamole. And let me tell you, the salsa is incredible. 

Husband and I both had the street tacos; he the tecate skirt steak tacos and I the roasted butternut squash tacos. Y.U.M. We went on Saturday evening...it's now Tuesday. We are STILL talking about these tacos. The skirt steak was melt in your mouth tender and the butternut squash tacos were filling and perfectly done. Nothing worse than overcooked squash. We also had the papas y chorizo and the chipotle grits for sides. Both were delicious and unique. 

Our dessert was a pumpkin bread pudding that was damn near a religious experience. Ordinarily I wouldn't pick bread pudding but I am going to have to rethink that after having this ooey, gooey, chunk of heaven. The ice cream sprinkled with cayenne was a nice touch too. 

We are already planning our next visit and can't wait to try more treats!