"Nacho Typical Mexican Joint!"

I've been around my share of the many variations of folding, wrapping, frying, rolling, and re-arranging of rice, beans, cheese, salsas and meat in the many, many varied but 'the same' Mexican restaurants, from Texas to da burgh. From the now deceased Chi-Chi's, Taco Bell, Border Stop on the low end of the tortilla scale, to the Happy Taco in St. Louis, and the many variations of El Campesinos and Patron Grilles in da burgh. Fajitas, Burritos and tacos...oh my.

I was pretty much expecting an overpriced version of the same (I know how jacked up Reyna's prices are in the store upstairs, having lived in Miami and Puerto Rico, and know what that stuff USUALLY costs - plus we ALL know what the Strip has been trying to turn into) but I have to say, I was very pleasantly surprised.

First off, they have turned a basement in a very comfortable and charming eatery. I was amazed at how great a job they did with renovating. It's comfortable without being pretentious, spacious even when crowded, The tables are not bistroid tables that require a balancing act if you order more than just two dishes, and the decor is kitchy without being Chi-Chi's tacky.

Now, I do have to preface the food description with the fact that everything IS on the pricey side...but that being said...

The offerings are NOT your usual Tex Mex offerings. You will recognize a few things on the menu if you're a fan of the usual Mexican food, like Fajitas, Nachos...but there are very few of those recognizable items, and in my book, that was awesome.

We started with an appetizer dip. The Elote (ay-LOW-tay) which was a delicious dish of grilled sweet corn blended with mayo, cheese, cilantro and a little red pepper, served up with the Reyna chips. New to me, unique and yummy. 

My friend did order the chicken fajitas, but even they did not arrive looking like your usual fare. The fajita 'stuffing' was in a hollowed out fresh pineapple, and was served on a plate with two bowls, one of rice, and one of refried beans. My friend took a bite of the beans and her eyes opened wide...and she said 'You HAVE to taste these beans!'  So I did...and was pretty amazed. They had a savory sweetness to them that almost made them kind of like a gravy frosting. I've never tasted anything quite like them.

I decided to try one of the unfamiliars, and tried the cuatro moles (kwahhhh-tro MOW-lays). Chicken in a cocoa mole sauce, pork in a tomatilla (toe-ma-TEA-yah) mole, beef in a kind of barbecue mole, and chicken in a type of ancho mole. Served up with a side of spanish rice.  The pork was by far the best, moist and flavorful, with the chicken in cocoa mole coming in neck and neck with the beef barbecue. The other chicken wasn't so good, probably all breast (and I have NEVER been a breast man), and on the very dry side. I could eat the pork mole as an entree alone, over a bed of lightly seasoned white rice. Jummy-jummy.

I really loved that I got to try 'out of the ordinary' Mexican dishes for this area, AND that they were presented nicely, and made very well. Delicioso (Day-LEE-sea-OH-so). 

Our server was an adorable guy named Manolo, who was incredibly gracious, meticulous and purposeful. My friend commented on how every move he made seemed 'intended'. He was helpful, attentive, refilled our beverages quickly, and was nice to chat with in Spanish, which made my friend say 'I have no idea what you're saying'.

The only reason I'm not giving the full five stars is the pricing. It really is a little steep. Nothing on the menu in the dinner category really fell anywhere under $15, and the beverages were definitely on high mark-up. Two Diet pepsis and two iced teas...$3 EACH. That's $12 for regular ol' non-alcoholic drinks, only $2 cheaper than the cheapest entree. I maybe could have lived with $3 refillables...but $3 EACH? That's a bit outlandish. But then Reyna tends to gouge wherever he can. I'm surprised the water was free.

I do have to say, even without eating the dry chicken mole, I was QUITE full, and very satisfied, as was my friend. She even had to take a photo of her Fajita presentation...swearing that she 'never does that'. I would actually return just to try something else I've never had before. There were plenty of those on the menu.

You did a great job there Reyna...just ease up on the gouging...leave that up to the Sunseri and Wholey families. They've mastered the art. You don't need to keep up with those 'Joneses'. That second glass of tea is NOT going to break you.