We came to Ru Ru's on Sunday and left with an A-OK experience!

Absolutely love the patio here! Fortunately we were able to grab a seat on the patio. It was a bit disappointing when it started to rain and no one working there even offered to help move people. Fortunately, my husband and a nice guy sitting next to us moved some umbrellas around to cover us. In retrospect, it was actually kind of nice dining in the rain. 

Love the menu....everything is named from movie quotes, which is just so fun. I learned that my movie knowledge is very limited cause I was struggling with naming the movie!

Anywho, both my husband and I got the Noda Gordgeous.....I know it's not fall yet, but man, that drink is good!! 

This isnt one of those places that they just immediately bring you out some salsa. We decided to go with the Billy Ray Valentine, which is a chorizo queso dip. Decent size portion and pretty tasty.....that dish definitely was definitely empty by the end of the nide. We also decided to split 3 tacos: Snowflake, I'll have what she's having, and the shrimp one. They came out super super quick. The Snowflake was not my favorite....i think it may have had a little too much sauce on it cause that is all i tasted. Crazy enough, it was my husbands favorite. Agree to disagree. The shrimp was pretty good. However, the I'll Have What She's Having was rock on solid. The fruit in it made the taco!

I really hate to talk about service because I think waiters and waitresses are truly some of the hardest working people ever and get very little credit. However, service was very off. Things forgotten, wrong items brought out, super slow. Honestly, I am totally ok with off service (as we are all human and have bad days) but there wasn't even a recognition of/apology the forgotten/wrong items and slowness. Unfortunately, the couple beside us was complaining too. 

All in all, it was a pretty good experience. 

I know you guys are trying to be a "nice" Mexican place, but pretty pretty please get some free chips and salsa in the mix and I'll be a happy camper!