So disappointed. We met a couple of friends here tonight for dinner. The drink specials were good and the service was good but I can't say the same for the food I ordered. Add this to the long list of overpriced restaurants in the area... I got mahi tacos and fried oyster tacos with a side of white beans. Maybe they are stingy with seafood because it's more expensive than chicken but I might as well have ordered 2 tortillas with nothing but lettuce and sauce in them because that's basically what I got. There might have been an ounce of fish in each taco and that's probably me being generous when I say that. The oyster taco had two small fried oysters in it and the mahi taco had a very thin 2-inch strip of fish in it. The rest was the shell, lettuce and sauce. I was actually able to fold my taco in on both sides with no spillage. Totally not worth the $4.25 a piece we paid for them. And my side of white beans was pitifully small as well. Our friend ordered a burrito and it was huge but it appeared to be full of mostly rice. My husband looked at me and said "next time we come here you should get a burrito". I said "I'm never eating here again" and he agreed. His bend & snap salad was embarrassing too. Hardly a salad at all. It left him wanting more. We worked in the food service industry for many years so we understand plate presentation but when a nice looking plate results in hardly any substance (i.e. FOOD) then it's not worth it. We paid way too much for what little bit of food we ate tonight. This is also the only Mexican themed restaurant I've ever been to that makes you pay for chips and salsa. It's normally a free app at every table and even when it's not, I've never seen a $5 price tag for chips and salsa! Take a lesson from Cabo fish taco guys... I go there and I get FREE chips and salsa, amazing tacos and they're stuffed to the max with meat, so much so that it spills out of the taco when I pick it up. And they aren't as expensive either. Don't be stingy with your customers if you want them to return to your establishment. This is America. Most of us like hearty meals.