I rarely write reviews but do so if service is stellar or dismal.  I am a former longtime Charlotte resident and have eaten at most restaurants ranging from 3 to 5 stars.  RuRu's demonstrated systemic failures on all fronts.  From the pricing, the quality of the food, the timing of the food delivery, and service -- F minus's on all fronts. 

Let's start with the food and food service, which should be the focal point.  A party of 5 seated at 8:30 we were directed to a table too small for our group next to a cold exterior wall.  Being a group too large for the size of the table provided, one member sat against the cold wall the entire time.  When I inquired about the larger open table next to it I was told it was not available because the six member party needed that table.  Once seated we should have been provided silverware prior to the food coming.  Moreover, the food should have come out warm (at least) and around the same time.  One member of our party of five waited a full 15 minutes after everyone else was served before his food arrived.  My food was cold - not warm temp but cold.  My husband's steak burrito was 90% rice.  This was how the meal ended.  

With cocktails before, we had wine, beer and martini drinkers.  When one member ordered a martini a one ounce shot glass of vodka was provided.  He indicated what he wanted was a martini.  They ultimately provided a martini in a martini glass.  A martini of the exact same size and premium choice that you would get at the Gallery Bar at the Ballantyne Hotel (5 star) or Capital Grille Uptown (equally stellar) cost twice as much at RuRu's.  Beyond NYC prices.  Four martinis cost us $90 and that was without the tip, chilled glass and garnish. The explanation provided by the manager was "that's just the way we price it".  Seriously??? 

Charlotte deserves better.  Living in Atlanta now we have amazing selections.  Charlotte suffers from not having more consistently good quality restaurants.  RuRu's was a severe disappointment -- far below mediocre.