Here is an update to my earlier review! In fairness, management was listening. I arrived on a Thursday night and it was busy but not ridiculously packed. The crowd still seemed trashy but they were at least well behaved this time. I think management deserves credit for that. You didn't see the typical Golds Gym meatheads thinking they are dressing trendy with their Underarmor black shirts and jeans! A noticeable change was the staff! The bartender was actually polite and friendly and didn't have the faux wannabe Scottsdale attitude. Waiters and busboys kept coming around asking if we would like refills on drinks. There was a table of beautiful women that deliberately sat inside to avoid the crowd outside which tells me a lot about this place...namely they were there for the drinks prior to venturing to Scottsdale and didn't want to be disturbed by all the guys outside. It was definitely not a pick up kind of place. And in terms of diversity...what people are really meaning to say are African Americans! It was still 90% white but just seeing any color at a Phoenix venue is a nice change and shows that our state is making progress; it definitely felt less NASCAR if you know what I mean. The dress code and cover charge for guys is a good start and it has helped eliminate the shadiness so the management deserves much acclaim for this. 

However, there were still problems. The management has to better control the parking area. Some type of security needs to be present at all times in the parking lot because you can still see random guys pissing on cars and groups huddled that a look a bit sketchy. The dress code for the guys has to be better emphasized. Non-sneakers and non-baggy jeans doesn't do enough especially when 40 year old Joe shows up in a polo shirt, and bleached jeans. Dressing well is not limited to Scottsdale. How about something as simple as a black button down shirt, nice jeans and leather shoes! Lastly, the female waistaff and service has NOT improved. They could learn a thing or two from the guys. There was still a lot of that stuck attitude that was present in November. The management needs to better emphasize friendlier service from their female waitstaff and bartenders.