Went to crescent ballroom a few months ago and haven't been back. Here's why:

My boyfriend and I are both East Coast transplants. We had been to old town and were in search of a spot a little less...plastic? 

We found that at Crescent Ballroom. We liked that it was laid-back, has live music and cold beer. 

We posted up at a table and asked for a server. The kind lady said that we would have to get our drinks from the bar. So we started a tab and had a couple beers while watching Dylan Pratt. He was really fantastic and I would love to see him again. We ordered some nachos and continued to watch the show. Nachos never showed so we assumed she forgot to order them for us. No biggy. We were ready to leave and asked for the tab. 

Upon seeing the nachos still listed on the bill, I reminded her that we never actually had them. It's 3 or 4 bucks so whatever, right? But I don't make it a habit of paying for something I ordered but never received. The server/bartender/non-food deliverer says,"I told you that you would have to come to the bar for your drinks and food." 
Me-"I understand. But couldn't you have tapped on my shoulder to say that the food was up?" 

She refused to take the nachos of the bill. Girlfriend wants to play hardball. That's cool too. I asked to speak the manager. The manager says, "Didn't you understand that you would have to get your food from the bar?" And...then...I lost it. 

Me-"Are you kidding? Yes, but I find it a little ridiculous that our food sat up on the bar while we were watching the show and no one could let us know it was ready? Or just drop it off to us. Aren't you the manager? Isn't it your job to make sure things like that don't happen?"

Manager-"Let's step outside and talk about this. You are disturbing the other customers."

So funny. Haha, I felt literally felt like Ben Stiller in the "bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb!" scene of Meet the Parents. Only I wasn't dealing with a chirpy flight attendant. It was worse...I was dealing with a hipster. I get it. You are cooler than me in many ways. You're not wearing a bra and you read more books and watch more indie movies than I do. But I'm your customer, a first time customer who decided to spend my hard earned money and my valued personal time at your establishment. Have some respect for that. Take the $3 hit and let me leave your restaurant wanting to return. 

After spending 9 years in the restaurant industry, I know when to tell a customer "Sorry for the inconvenience, let me take it off your tab." 
I tip 20% or more on good service. Even if my food sucks. I don't tip 20% on lazy or pretentious service.