Me: How long have you guys been open?
Bartender: About... four hours.

Do you know how cool it is to go to a music venue on opening night? Very, very, cool. Why? Because everything is new. EVERYONE is new: guests, bartenders, bouncers and all. And the regulars? They don't exist yet.

Last night, I had the distinct pleasure of attending the Blind Pilot concert for Crescent Ballroom's opening night. The opener, Dan Mangan, can forever take pride in being the first band to play on their stage. Lucky dudes.

The venue itself has a neat layout. They have an outdoor patio with huge operable windows that open up into a hang out bar with comfy booths and tables. Just past this room, they have the main performance space, which has three levels of viewing:
1- for up close and personal: on-floor standing directly in front of the stage or seating off to the left
2- for non-dancers or folks who are tired of standing: bleacher seating at the back wall
3- for luxury drinking: on-floor tables or at-the-bar seating inside the performance space

The bartenders are kick ass and thoughtful. Kick ass because they provide quick and friendly service. Thoughtful because they provided me with a super tasty drink on the fly. It went like this...

Me: "What's your most citrusy drink?"
Bartender: "Hm, I could do a citrusy rum or vodka."
Me: "You decide."
Bartender: "How about a fresh squeezed mango lemon drop, on the rocks?"

Talk about citrus perfection. Furthermore, their complimentary fresh chips and salsa were mmm x 3 for the three salsas they were offering. Let's call them clear green, thick red, and colorful black. Clear green was just-right spicy, thick red was whoa-make-your-face-red spicy, and colorful black was intensely flavorful and addictive.

Enough about the food though, we went for the show. The surreal-in-a-good-way lighting may or may not make you feel like you are traveling through time, just saying. The sound is pretty good. I like that the speakers hang from the ceiling. And when you're bladder needs a little break, check out the spotless bathrooms (or hopefully still spotless, since it was opening night and all).

To end the night, Blind Pilot performed their final song, "3 Rounds and a Sound," on the floor, unplugged, because "it's just that kind of venue." Such an intimate and cozy place. Do visit, especially since they have some good bands coming through soon. In fact, I will already be back next week to see the Blitzen Trapper and Dawes concert.

*One last thing: a bit of honor here for being the first to %!#@ in the bathroom.