I've been to the Crescent Ballroom a couple times but I've only seen one show. Let me tell you how it played out... and therefore why you should go. 

Through my typical dumb luck, which I am blessed to have in spades, I was able to get tickets to a show on this particular night that I needed them. 

I showed up late and what do you know, I walked down and took someone's seat in the front row. 

The singer, a blonde woman, age unknown, is like "I'm gonna free style. I hope you don't mind." So, of course, the crowd goes wild without knowing what's coming. 

And she starts sing a Toby Lightman song:

"Did I see you winkin' or is that me thinkin'? 
Should I show affection to the guy in the front row? 
Did I see you smile 'cause you been here for a while 
Should I make a connection with the guy in the front row? 

"But you don't know where I'm from, where I belong
All you know is my name
And you only know what you see and that really isn't me
But I'm glad you came

DALLAS here again interrupting my own story:

Now I'm thinking, is this a coincidence or am I the guy in the front row? Cause, you know, I'm the fricken guy in the front row. 

Ok back to the story:

Her still singing...

"Are you makin' passes while I'm pleasin' the masses? 
Well, I know all about you, you're the guy in the front row

AND THEN I SWEAR SHE LOOKS AT ME! WINKS. SHE WINKS! I of course am bright red and embarrassed. 

"Are you trying to distract me, while you're tying to attract me?
But I what to do, about you in the front row"

OK... So here's the part you're all hoping for... my emotional devastation. 

She finishes the song in which she say's she's glad "I" came... Asks lyrically if "I" want to hang... and at the end... She's like come here, guy in the front row. 

She wags her finger in the exact way you want a relatively attractive woman to wag her finger and I get up... and she bursts out laughing hysterically... and she can't stop. She's like dying of laughter. That fucking bitch is crying laughing at the stage and everyone saw me get up... fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck. 

She was fricking wagging her damned finger at the guy next to me... who like got up and smelled her knee. I'm sure she would have made out with him but she was still laughing. 

So anyway, if you want THAT kind of relationship with the artists. That's what you get. you can like see their cloven hooves if they're devil women like her. Or whatever. 

It's quite literally the best place in town to see a show or be the show and get seen or watch trendy people in their natural habitat.