Working downtown gives me the luxury of bountiful options for happy hour.  So when a Tuesday night craving randomly arose, I decided to choose a place close to my job that offered a little bit of happy hour libations and good grub. Since they've opened, I've visited Nacho Daddy a few times. For someone who hasn't really put Mexican cuisine at the top of their list, they must be doing something right for me to continue coming back!

As successful as the Anthem location was, Nacho Daddy decided to open up shop last year in Downtown Las Vegas. This semi-hole in the wall gem of a cantina is located on 4th St., between Stewart Ave. and The Fremont Street Experience.  If you get lost, just look for the bright red and yellow neon sign accompanied with a Nacho chip man dressed in a Sombrero.  When you enter in the restaurant, you'll notice a few focal points. The first thing I noticed the partition separating the restaurant from the bar. Covered with pictures of various tequila brands, the partition really holds true to the type of restaurant this is.  There were also two garage style rolling doors offering a lot of fresh air ventilation which I appreciated on this warm evening.  

Entering the full service bar, I immediately noticed the square bar top that took up almost the entire space.  Big screen TVs and projectors allowed me to watch multiple games and networks.  On my visit, Tyrone and Rick were the bartenders helping me out.  Tyrone was the one who actually took my order and stood out to me the most.  He was not only easy to talk to, but super attentive and really took the time to show me I was a valued customer.  Now that's customer service!

The partitions made me realize that margaritas were definitely in order! Call me a lush, but since this was also an important review, I thought it was only fair to try an array of flavors! So here's the deal: their margaritas run anywhere from $8-$11 depending on the flavor.  All margaritas are served in a cool mason jar and garnished with a lime wedge and salted rims. On my visit I wanted to stick to one brand of tequila, so I chose the Sauza Hornitos Plata for its spicy taste and agave origins. Here's what I got:

Blackberry Acai Margarita for $10: Acai liqueur, muddle blackberries, agave nectar and homemade sweet and sour.  This drink was a bit too tart. You can definitely taste the sweet and sour flavor with a hint of the agave but the stars of the show were the blackberry and acai.  Chunks of blackberry offered a nice textured pulp and the sweetness of the acai balanced some of the tart flavor.   

White Peach Margarita for $9: White peach liqueur and puree, fresh lime juice and sweet and sour.  What I loved about this one was that it was a lot sweeter.  Sometimes sweet and sour can get a little to tart but this drink was subtle and full of flavor.  Like sitting on the banks of Georgia!

Guava Margarita for $9: Orchid guava liqueur, guava puree, fresh lime juice and sweet and sour.  This margarita was set up exactly like the white peach. Full bodied from the puree, the guava nectar really shined through.  I felt like I was on the beach in Waikiki!

Mango Thai Basil Margarita for $10: Thai basil, agave nectar, Mango Schnapps, mango puree, fresh lime juice and sweet and sour. I was pleasantly surprise about this one. On one hand you have the fragrant taste of a mango.  On the other, you're hit with a hint of the basil herb, breaking up the sweetness in an awesome kind of way.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND this eclectic drink!

After trying all of these amazing libations, I needed something to balance it out. Remember folks, Nacho Daddy serves food! Tyrone was nice enough to suggest the Taco Tuesday deal: 3 mix and match tacos for $3.33. I was at the point of no return. I had to take advantage of that and I'm sure glad I did. Like the margaritas, the tacos are well prepared, well-seasoned and ultimately well received. I got the pork taco, stuffed with cheese, the chicken taco stuffed with onions and cilantro and the breaded shrimp taco stuffed with cabbage, cheese and pico.  All were super flavorful, filled with the protein and delicious!

When it's all said and done, I will rave about this place for a long time to come. I'm a huge fan of local businesses opening downtown.  This place has truly brought their success in Anthem, to the heart of Las Vegas. Whether you're in the mood for a happy hour drink, late night libation or even a brunch brewski, make your way to this awesome place, Nacho Daddy!