We were highly disappointed in this establishment, especially after pointing at it all week and thinking that it might be a cool spot to have dinner.  Sigh, more fools us.

We came in on St. Patrick's night and the place was quieter than every other restaurant on the Fremont Street Experience, which should have been our first warning.  We ordered a pitcher of White Peach margaritas and the "average burger" nachos for me, Daddy's Supreme chicken taco for him.  Then we waited patiently, expecting the drinks to come out first.

No such luck - here comes the food.  I look over at my husband's plate and see this really sad-looking taco shell with a bunch of filling in it.  There was more plate than food, and I had a nasty feeling that the rest of the experience wasn't going to be much better than this.  My nachos, at least, had some substance.  But... they were just okay, not great.  The cheese sauce tasted like reheated Cheez Whiz, there was no bacon whatsoever to be found, and the onions were minced so finely that they just disintegrated the moment they touched my tongue.  I was bitterly disappointed.  

To make matters worse, the margaritas came when we were nearly done with our food.  Bad, bad timing.  We were pretty much ready to pack up and leave by that point.

Once the drinks came, the experience was slightly better - but, hey, I got drunk.  If it takes getting me drunk to improve things... (and my husband will tell you that he has never seen me tie one on like that, ever)

Final insult:  the bill was 53 dollars, making it the most expensive meal we had in Vegas over the course of a week.  It wasn't close to being worth that.  My husband honestly didn't want to leave a tip at all, but I convinced him otherwise.  

It never did get any busier while we were there.  I see why it didn't now.

The only reason why 2 stars - the food was edible and the drinks packed a punch.  But that's it. Servers were polite but in the end did nothing to improve our experience here.

Not recommended.