Pauli from ATL checking in here.... just for a bit of nostalgia...

I used to live in Phoenix a few years back, and of all the places I miss eating at, this is #1 on my list.  I remember how I first heard of the place.... I was over at a friend's house in Scottsdale having a few beers after work, and remember asking him what his favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix was.  My friend, who had more than just a few beers in him, stared at me all glassy-eyed, got right in my face and said... "Cheeeeno Banddddeeedo!!"  As I backed up a bit, thinking my friend had too much to drink (he had, for sure), I wondered... hmmm...the Chinese Bandit?  What the hell is that place about?!?  Or is he just f***ing with me?  So, I asked him what kind of food they serve there... And, as he did his best to focus on me, when his eyes hit mine, there was this long pause.... and he had this expression on his face that I can't forget... I wasn't sure if he was having trouble putting it into words or if he was sh***ing in his pants.   And then he put his hands together, like a nutjob working a Rubik's cube.... and said, "They... dooo... things... like.... egg-foooo youngggg burrritos and jaaaade red chicken tacossssss...."..... as he gave me another crazy-ass look (the kind that tells you it's time to say goodnight and get outta there - which I did)....

So, a few days later, I remembered his drunken explanation of Chino Bandido and thought I would go check the place out.... And from that point on, I was hooked.   Egg foo young burritos indeed!   And jerk fried rice!   And those refried black beans with fire-in-the-bungholio sauce mixed in.... Yep, those will burn you twice... All served in a giant disposable aluminum baking dish... And you got that combo, along with a soda and tip for about $10!!!   WOW!!  

At that time, I had never seen anything like it before, and I still miss eating there more than any of my favorite old haunts in Phoenix.... I wish somebody would franchise one out to Atlanta - I would be the first customer in the door on opening day, guaranteed....