Chino Bandido is amazing. There are never any surprises, you always know what you're getting, and it's always super speedy and super delicious. 

HOWEVER - a caveat to consider: similar to any place where you "make your own" entree or combination, a certain amount of the burden of flavor can be said to fall upon you and your choices. Just sayin'!

Chino Bandido is a grungy little hole-in-the-wall kind of place, but the "grunge" factor comes from age, rather than neglect. Inside, it is brightly lit with sparse but funky decorations...including a big statue of their mascot, an angry-looking panda bear in a sombrero and bullet belt, chopsticks in one hand and a bowl of rice in the other. 

From this brief description of their mascot, I'm sure you've caught on to Chino Bandido's gimmick - Chinese-Mexican fusion. 

There is no need to go into some long and theoretical discussion of whether this is a good idea or not  - make the drive, make an order, and make your stomach smile. The food is inexpensive, tasty, and portioned very generously. 

While it is not complicated to order once you're there and looking at the order form, it would be hard to explain here. Luckily, their website has an awesome, (and very helpful) Menu Demo tool that shows you exactly how the ordering process works, complete with a rough picture representation of what your combo order looks like. This feature on their website alone was enough to impress me into a first visit, and what I found when I arrived was more than convincing enough to keep me coming back. 

Ask to sample something, if you're not sure! They will be happy to oblige you. On my first visit, they even made me go through a whole taste-test thing, where the boy behind the counter had me sample a variety of meats and rices from the menu so I'd have an idea of what I might like. This, however, was at the Chandler location, so I'm not sure if this first-time policy carries over to the Phoenix location. 

Some of my favorite things to order are the Jade Red Chicken (in a quesadilla, especially - I'd say this is a MUST TRY), the Emerald Chicken, and the Jerk Chicken, (also best in a quesadilla). The jerk fried rice is delicious, and the other rice varities are good, too. The only thing I've ever tried there that I didn't love was the Pollo Diablo, which was dry, crusty, and...just didn't taste good. My boyfriend loves the Chile Relleno, and, while i'm normally not into that dish at other restaurants, I've been known to sneak a bite or two of his here. :)

A soft and sweet snickerdoodle cookie is included with every order, and, on the weekends, you can even sub it out for a "special order" weekend cookie - I've only tried one of these, and it was a chocolate brownie cookie which was just as good as the phenomenal snickerdoodles. 

So, give it a try. Get it to go. Chances are, you'll love it, and if you don't, you're out less than $10. Take a walk on the wild side; find your inner angry-panda-with-a-sombrero. It's kind of cool, having a fu manchu.