I've been here twice in the last two weeks, if that tells you how much I like it!!

It's a rather unassuming building facing 16th Street (save for the bright purple paint), but pulling into the back parking lot and seeing the colorful murals all over, I knew this place was something special and unique.  As we walked through to the front of the house, I took note of the local artists' works adorning the walls, as well as the Mexican pottery and other decor.  Very nice atmosphere, and I love to see businesses partner with local artists like this.  It gave me a great sense of pride for Phoenix to be in here, like this was our special gift to the world.

As soon as we sat down, we were presented with a basket of bread and some kind of tapenade (?)... in a Mexican restaurant?  My confusion was quickly quashed as soon as I tasted this delightful mixture.  A nice departure from the standard chips-n-salsa you get at other Mexican restaurants.

Since my dinner guest was from out of town (Calgary, AB!), I insisted we start with margaritas and some chips and guacamole, which was prepared table-side.  I was surprised to see our server put dried cranberries into the guacamole, but boy was it tasty!!!  And the homemade chips were outstanding as well.  We both enjoyed our margaritas as we noshed on the chips and guacamole, and bread and olive/pepper mixture.  We both ordered the Tacos de Conchinita Pibil, and the food arrived very fast.  Dios... Mio... Que... Delicioso!!  Soooo succulent, flavorful and delicious.

Phoenix definitely has no shortage of Mexican restaurants, and it surely has the edge on GOOD Mexican restaurants as well.  However, this place is something really special, and several steps above all the other Mexican restaurants out there.  This is where I will take my out-of-town guests from now on.  This is where I will go on special occasions and even not-so-special occasions.

I'd heard so many wonderful things about this place, and all I can say is, they're all right.  I could simply kick myself for not coming here sooner.  It's well worth the hype, and Chef Silvana is a Phoenix treasure!!