My group of four ended up here after first going to Kahunaville and experiencing horrible service. We were attracted by the rowdy party atmosphere--it was Friday night--and the fact that all of the customers seemed to be wearing balloon hats. We were in Vegas for my girlfriend's birthday and a loud, rowdy, balloon-hat-wearing bar experience was exactly what she was looking for.

The atmosphere was definitely silly with signs all over the walls and ceiling painted in dayglo colors and cute freestanding signs that looked like fingers pointing placed around everywhere. I dragged one over to our table that said "high maintenance" and placed it behind my girl's head and it took her 10 minutes to catch on. So funny! Definitely no shortage of interesting décor.

Our server was awesome! Didn't catch his name. He was adorable, charming, funny, and attentive even though they were pretty packed. We'd already eaten dinner and just wanted drinks (diet coke for me, as I was the designated driver). As far as the food reviews go, it sounds like we probably didn't miss much. He kept the drinks coming and made some good recommendations for my GF. Even better, they have all these little games and activities. They really get everyone involved with the promise of free shots. They had us standing on our chairs, acting out hand motions to go with a song they taught us. Then they got everyone wanting a free shot to form a conga line around the restaurant and had a server pouring shots down people's throats, two or three different times around the restaurant.They had a few different contests where they made volunteers stand on stage and see who could chug a free beverage the fastest, and they made one girl sing karaoke for a free drink. Several servers, including ours, got on stage and danced around. It was hilarious! Our server was the best dancer out all of them! The MC was very funny and entertaining, he did a great job controlling the action, keeping the games going, and generally making sure everyone enjoyed the evening,

There was a cute young gal going around making balloon animal hats for everyone for free. She made some fairly elaborate balloon hats for my group, then took a couple pictures of us wearing them, then took a picture of herself! She was too funny! She got a good tip from our table.

Everyone in there was having a good time. There were at least two other groups there celebrating a birthday. My girlfriend and her cousin and cousin's husband all had a blast. EXACTLY the zany, silly, alcohol induced shenanigans we signed on for when we booked the trip. We were all talking about Senor Frogs for the rest of the weekend. Even though the price was extravagant for our budget--like almost everything we bought in Vegas--we felt we got good entertainment for our money. We'll definitely come back next time we're in town!