i have no idea why there is so much negativity.. i totally LOVED it here!!!
not to be racist or anything but everyone that seems to be giving Frogs 1 star reviews is white and basing their reviews off the food.. um, helloooo. who the heck goes to Frogs to eat?! this is no Alejandro's/Miguel's white wash mexican food restaurant, it's a damn bar/club. you go to drink and have a good time not to experience 5 star dining.. shoot, take your ass to the Palazzo or Caesers for that. you want inexpensive authentic mexican cooking? drive down to Dona Maria's Restaurant because ain't no body got time for that here and it certainly isn't a bad thing. my hubby, my best friend and her man were here this past weekend to celebrate mexican independence day (9/15/13) keep in mind it's a sunday so i was like ehh i hope it's not dead..

so we show up at 10ish (no cover charge) and went straight to the dance area, it wasn't full so we were able to get a good table. my friend and i went up to the bar and ordered a bucket of beer and 2 shots total was $30 some bucks, not bad at all compared to other places on the strip plus the bartender was a total hottie, i forgot her name but she was really nice too so i tipped her $10 on the first round. we get back to our table and let me just say the music was sooooooooooo good. i'm not a big techo/house/top 40 fan and that's usually all you get at the clubs so it was super refreshing to hear some reggaeton/bachata/salsa :D right then, i knew it was going to be a good night!

the place filled up pretty quickly, by midnight it was packed, the dj was awesome the whole night, the bartender stayed amazing, and there was this other girl walking around with 3 dollar shots (gummy bear/adios) gummies weren't that strong, i'd def go for the adios ones. and then the classic photographer came around. we bought our pictures for $18+ tax (again, not bad at all)

long story short, i had a BLAST. all you "it's too expensive" critics need to take your broke butts home. you're in Vegas! i think prices are perfectly fine especially for all the fun you're having! Frogs is definitely our go to spot from now on! forget these negative reviews, trust me, it's fun.