Having been to, and subsequently fallen in love with chef Richard DeShantz' two other offerings in downtown (i.e. Butcher and the Rye, Meat and Potatoes) AND after waiting two weeks on the waitlist, expectations were no doubt set high for DeShantz' third installment, Tako. Boy, were my expectations exceeded.


ATMOSPHERE: 5/5
Tucked away between the aforementioned Butcher and the Rye and a corner CVS and across the street from the beautiful Heinz Hall, Tako illuminates the area with a vintage sign proclaiming their offerings: beer, tequila, A/C, and tacos. Directly underneath the sign is a unique sight for downtown, with a street-front kitchen and 5 stools for guests to sit at should they prefer to dine along the bustling 6th ave.
Once inside, restaurant-goers will be delighted by the eclectic decor of the place: marquee letter signs spelling out TEQUILA, a giant octopus (täkō means octopus in japanese) mural, and a second floor lined with beautiful Spanish railing, all dimly lit by an array of quirky edison bulbs and velvet colored chandeliers. The open kitchen and and impressive tequila bar surround the place and ensure that, no matter where you sit, there's always something to look at. Even if you arrive earlier than the rest of your party, it's nice to simply sit and enjoy the ambiance.

LIBATIONS: 5/5
As a big time tequila drinker, I was ecstatic at the site of the large selection of tequilas and mezcals that Tako offers. I ordered a glass of mezcal after the waiter helped me choose one I haven't tried from their unique collection. My girlfriend ordered their 'El Diablo' margarita and it was a perfect mix of sweet and spice. I'll have to come back to try some of their other creative cocktails, the woman at the table next to us told us she was loving her Oaxaca Old Fashioned.

FOOD: 5/5
We ordered the obligatory guac & chips to start, opting to build our own with mango, bacon, cotija cheese, sesame and pumpkin seeds. The guac was no doubt delicious, and our ingredient choices were spot on despite some hesitance on our part, since there were so many toppings to choose from. I would have preferred more avocado personally :)

Next was a special of the night, duck quesadillas. It came no sooner than we had finished our guac. Topped with mole and quacking good, these little guys made for a great appetizer.

Once done with our appetizer, our two taco orders arrived. Served on a giant wooden slab with the restaurant's name etched into it and a gutter in the middle to keep the massive tacos together, the presentation was impeccable. The first taco was the Korean. Very similar in flavor to a Chinese chicken salad (replace the chicken with juicy wagyu of course), sweet savory and a hint of spice. The next taco was the chorizo, which I was less fond of since I have a very very low spice tolerance. The egg on top was a nice, slightly sweet addition. My girlfriend loved both however so those who can handle a bit of heat can't go wrong. 

Overall it was a great experience as one would expect from this class of restaurants. Looking forward to coming back.