"Death by All You Can Order Brunch"

On our search for a good Sunday brunch on the Las Vegas strip, my husband and I came across Border Grill on Yelp.  We have been to Border Grill in Santa Monica for happy hour, and really enjoyed the tacos we ate there, but when we saw the brunch menu here, we were sold.  You see, my husband is a huge fan of anything "all you can eat", but I don't love buffets because the food is often mediocre and the thought of people digging through the same food kind of skeeves me out.  Border Grill serves an "all you can eat" brunch for $34.99 per person, but you actually order small plates off a menu.  The best of both worlds for us, especially when for an additional $8, you can add bottomless mimosas!

We made a reservation via Open Table for 11am, and were sat at a great table on the patio overlooking the pool area at Mandalay Bay.  We started off ordering 2 dishes each, and subsequently 1 dish each thereafter.  We never felt rushed by our server, which was a pleasant surprise.  Before our first dishes came, we were brought some delicious flaky empanadas, and the best corn tamales I've ever had (not being a fan of tamales, this was a great surprise)!  The mimosas were great, generous on the champagne, and there were many flavors to sample.  We had the typical orange juice mimosas, as well as peach, pomegranate, and my favorite, cucumber lemon.  Here is a list of the items we sampled, in the order we ate them, and our assessment:

Breakfast Enchilada- good, but the corn tortilla was hard to cut
Shrimp and Grits- DELICIOUS, shrimp were cooked perfectly
Skirt Steak and Eggs- best thing on the menu.  The steak was perfectly medium rare and well seasoned
Short Rib Hash and Egg- average

Crispy Potato Rajas Taco- crispy and yummy
Biscuits and Sausage Gravy- gravy was delish but 1 biscuit would have been plenty

Breakfast Fries- smothered french fries, so delicious and bad for you, in a good way
Bacon Jalapeno PBJ- a unique blending of flavors, but I didn't love it as much as I thought I would

Lobster Pancake- I enjoyed this, my husband did not like
Waffle with Pork Belly and Syrup- a wonderful blend of sweet and savory

Skirt Steak and Eggs- SO GOOD WE ORDERED IT AGAIN BUT CAN'T FINISH IT
Bread Pudding French Toast- decadent and delicious, but I'm starting to feel like there's a brick in my stomach

Churro Tots- oh dear God we ordered too much and I feel like I might die

The food was so delicious we could not stop eating until we literally felt like we were going to explode.  It was all so amazing and delicious.  I don't regret our gluttonous brunch whatsoever because the food was just that yummy.  Suffice it to say we wobbled back to our hotel, took a food/champagne nap, and didn't eat much of anything for the rest of the day.  It was so worth it, and I can't wait to go back to Border Grill for brunch so I can experience Death by All You Can Order Brunch once again.