Best brunch I've had in years, and our best meal of the trip. 

We took a trip to Vegas for my 30th birthday this past weekend and originally planned on trying out a Bobby Flay restaurant.  Once I realized Susan Feniger had a place attached to our hotel (we were at the Luxor) I changed our plans - I have the chance to eat at a Bobby Flay place any day of the week but Feniger only has restaurants on the west coast.  Anyway.  We had a reservation for 11:30am through OpenTable.  When we arrived we were greeted warmly by the hostesses who took us immediately to our choice of table - outside  on the patio flanked by two heaters.  Our server, Christopher, was right over to see us and was incredibly friendly.  He honestly made what was already a wonderful experience twice as great because he was attentive, helpful, and really enthusiastic.  

We placed our bottomless mimosa orders - one classic, one grapefruit, one white peach, and one pomegranate - and he brought them right away and kept bringing them.  Often they showed up when we were only halfway through the last one.  The four of us had 23 mimosas and we were only there about an hour and 15 minutes so they weren't skimping on the drinks.  They were all great, but I was partial to the peach.  Very fresh and tasty.

I had hoped we would try everything on the menu of all you can eat tapas (for $29?  what a bargain!) but we ended up way too full.  We did try all of these:

Guava Empanada - These came out before we ordered and I passed, as I'm not a fan of guava.  One of our friends has celiacs and cannot eat gluten so he also passed.  The other two said they were hot, flaky, and delicious.

Biscuit and Chipotle Gravy - We got a platter of four servings done of these (easier if everyone wants to try something) in our first flight of items and they were very good, but not great.  

Chorizo and Egg Taco - This is on all of our lists of best things we ate there, as well as the entire trip.  The tortilla was clearly made in house, fresh, and very tasty.  Had there been room in our stomachs at the end, we would have gone for another platter.

Frittata Tart - Another of our first items, this was so light and tasty I was kind of amazed.  We spent a good 15 minutes discussing egg white techniques to figure out how this was done.  

Peruvian Shrimp and Grits - Glad we ordered a platter of these, because otherwise I would have had to scrape everyone elses plates.  The shrimp were delicious, the grits were easily the creamiest and best I've ever had (hard to admit, for a born southerner), and the sauce was something I could see eating on everything.  Literally.  Forever.  We did everything short of licking the plate clean.

Yucatan Egg Benedict - This was also very delicious, and the key was the crispy carnitas stuffed inside the bread under the egg.  A great combo of sweet and spicy, creamy and crunchy.  I'd easily eat a full size portion of this for breakfast.

Crispy Potato Rajas Taco - Crispy fried potatoes inside a fried tortilla shell drizzled in creamy spicy sauce, grilled corn, and avocado.  Nothing crazy, but still tasty.  I imagine these would be a great hangover food.

Machaca Chilaquiles - I was the only one at the table who knew what this was before it came, so it was great to see this be the first time my friends had chilaquiles.  These were delicious.  Just enough crunch left from the chips to give it a great texture.  

Churro Tots - No shame, I ordered two plates of these just for myself.  So good.  Light and fluffy inside, crispy outside.  Hot and cinnamony, just little balls of perfection.  Who knows what the two dipping sauces tasted like, I was too busy shoving them down my gullet to care.  
 

Green Corn Tamale - Sweet and creamy, but not heavy.  These were a bit of a surprise as I had misread the menu and thought they were green CHILE tamales, but nonetheless we scraped the husks clean.

Breakfast Enchilada - This was delicious.  Fresh and bright, a hint of citrus, and not overly goopy and cheesy like restaurant enchiladas you usually find.  


Short Rib Hash and Egg - This was easily the ugliest dish we ate all day, and hands down the overwhelming favorite.  We shared one portion, then promptly ordered three more.  The meat was mouthwatering, the onions were perfect, and what could have been easily ruined by an ill prepared egg was accented by the perfectly scrambled ones atop each portion.  We talked about this dish in bed that night and on the flight home.  I can seriously throw down in the kitchen but I don't know about recreating this little plate of awesome.  It was so great, I'd be scared to tarnish our memories of it. 

My one friend is rarely one to wholeheartedly recommend a place to eat - if you ask her about somewhere she's been she will only recommend somewhere that gets a full five star rating from her.  She said halfway through the meal that she would easily tell someone they had to eat brunch here.  We all agreed, wholeheartedly.