"YIKES! She is scarier than that leftover burrito i left under your bed for 5 years" -- Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (2009)

Holy Latin feast! So Mike and I might have gone a bit over board when ordering our dinner on our first visit here, but there were SO many options and we like to eat... so we just ordered everything we wanted. Is that so wrong??

On a business trip (yes again) to Charlotte, I often stalk former Charlotte CM Ben's reviews and top picks to find out where to eat. This was no different (plus he told me about it). Mike, my coworker and friend, and I tend to eat alike, so when I suggested it - he was game. We drove to the other side of town from the office and walked in salivating from the smells emanating from the kitchen. 

We pondered over the menu and decided just to go for it - we ordered chips with a large guacamole and large Queso - I mean, why not?, a Papusa, Empanadas and a Burrito especial. I feel like there was something else, but I failed to take a picture of it (and it was Mike's entree, so I didn't eat it).  WOW!  The wait for everything but the chips was awhile, but there were a few people behind the counter - but that just proves everything is made fresh to order.  YUM.

So the guac was so thick and creamy and delicious - I wanted to take it home with me and live with it. Add in the queso, also good, but not nearly as awesome as the guac in comparison, I could have made a meal of the chips. Then they called us for all the food. DAY-UM. The Pupusa a thick, handmade corn tortilla filled with a blend of cheese and cooked pork ground fine - holy damn it was delicious. It was like a stuffed pancake of meaty and cheesy goodness, but Latin-style.

The empanadas were the crispiest and crunchiest I think I have ever had. We got a beef one and a chicken one and split them in half to share - I can't tell you which was better as they were both delicious. Perfectly flavored meats - inside that awesome pastry shell.  By a nose, the beef wins as it had a bit more punch.

As for the burrito - so full it was falling apart by the end and i ate the insides with a fork. Full of meat, rice, beans, veggies - just amazing.  I was pretty damn full by the end, but a good full. Satisfied and bummed I have to drive to Charlotte to eat this amazing food again.