Who knew Mesa was home to such a fun little gem of a Mexican food restaurant! This restaurant has the trifecta: great food, fun atmosphere, tasty cocktails. You really can't get better than that! While on the way to Schnepf Farms for some festive pumpkins, we decided to try out a new dinner spot along the way and Ranch De Tia Rosa was it! 

I wanted someplace that was filled with character and that had good fun and drinks and I was far from disappointed with our choice. The restaurant is adorably decorated with Mexican inspired furniture and in honor of the Halloween season, they went all out (and I mean all out) with the decorating. The entire restaurant was strung with orange and black lights, pumpkins, goblins, ghosts and scarecrows. Now, the inside part of the restaurant is cute but a little too bright for me, but the back patio is a little slice of heaven! Tables surround an old large true and lights twinkle along the perimeter. It's the perfect place to sit and enjoy the evening, especially when the weather was perfect like it was last night. 

For food, the yelpers told me that the nachos were "the best they had," so we got those w/ chicken and the stuffed quesadilla with steak. The nachos were enormous and stuffed full with Mexican cuisine delight including guac, plenty of chicken, beans, salsa, sour cream and more goodies. It was so large, a table of three or four could eat this as their meal and be full. The stuffed quesadilla was also delicious and hugely portioned as well. They don't scrimp on the amount of food you get. 

For the cocktail, I went with a pineapple margarita and loved it when it arrived with a fresh pineapple slice along the glass rim. The margarita was one of the best I've had and tasted freshly squeezed, wasn't too sweet and had plenty of a tequila kick to it. 

All in all, this spot is a perfect atmosphere for a fun night out at a restaurant and if I lived closer (or even relatively close), I would add this to the rotation. But next time I'm in the area, I know where I will stop by!