I made my way down here with my partner in crime.  Always when reviewing food you must have a partner in crime so, you can eat more food and therefore give a more accurate description of your opinion.

If you go by yourself, you might not be comfortable eating alone and therefore can color your opinion and that would not be fair to the business or if you come with 6 people and they can't accommodate that can as well color your experience.  

Two people or three tops is the magic number to come an accurate and fair opinion of a place.  

The place was pretty ghetto.  I mean it wasn't even ghetto with a personality it was just straight up "hey, look an empty restaurant! let's open up right now."  

But, I'm not reviewing a furniture store so, ignore it.  To the main course!

I ordered their tacos with lettuce all of them (I'm on a no carb diet so, given up the bread and taken up lots of beans and meat)

My partner ordered the bulgolgi burrito. We got chips and salsa and guacamole for free.

Damn, those chips are good! 

my tacos were huge and everything was fresh. no complaint from me. 

the bulgogi burrito was hhuuuuugggeee.  It's something you have to pick up two hands to eat with.  

I tasted the burrito a bit and the tortilla was nicely crisped.  The rice tasted fresh and not overly salted.  The meat was tender and the veggies in it was nice and crunchy.

Overall, for the price and food it was a great experience.  They deserve five stars for shaming other restaurants for charging heinous prices for mediocre food! 

personally, I'd like to see more of the flavor fusion inside of the food.

the condiments has a spicy korean paste that would have tasted good if it was inside the buritto.  spicy and cheesy is a great combination.

Or a lime alioli with cilantro bits would have been a nice sauce. Sesame oil is great and would have stood out really well with all the different foods.  

I honestly thought I was eating really good mexican food and it being fusion place just wanted the fusion part to come out to play more.

It's just a personal opinion and don't flame me for it.  I am still perfectly happy and plan on going back cause the waitress there is the best part.

She is so nice and kind and talked with me for moment and explained how their business came about and asked me how everything was.

Really cool people and on my next cheat day I might try their ghetto ramen.  (it comes with hot links! whoop! whoop!)
I