Paying a lot for Mexican food has never been something I thought I'd do.  However I've always wanted to try this place since it's in the MGM right at the Monorail entrance.  After my experience here, I wish I had tried this place sooner.

It's not exactly your traditional Mexican restaurant, as it adds some modern flair to it.  It does turn into a nightclub w/ a good variety of Latin beats and reggae-ton on Friday and Saturday Nights (starting at 11pm for you groovers).

Like most Mexican restaurants, they bring you a good sized basket of chips and a trio of salsa, (pico de gallo, green tomatillo, and habanero chile).  What was really eye popping to me and my taste buds was the addition of three salts to go along w/ the chip sand salsa.  What an enhancement of flavor!  The avocado chile salt was amazing as was the chile lime salt.  Quite a rush that didn't even have us rushing for a glass of water.

They make fresh guac table side and it' pretty darn good.  I usually like having fresh cut tomatoes in my guac, however they used sun-dried tomatoes and it gave it a rather smokey and slightly tangier flavor.  For a single avocado, it sure produced quite a bit of guac for two, however it still was inhaled rather quickly.

I went w/ their tasting menu which included four courses.  Two authentic  dishes, Pollo al horno Con Mole (Horny Chicken our waiter joked), and Cochinita Pobil.  The pollo was a super tender chicken thigh with chile de arbol sauce on it, marinated a various spices that I wish I could list.  The smokey and spice flavor was great.  The Cochinita was a pork tenderloin that tore apart like fresh carnitas.  It was a flavor rush of spices and slight amount of pork fat that just melted in my mouth.  The other two tasters were a fresh tuna ceviche and grilled jumbo prawns.  The prawns were spiced to perfecting, a little amount of heat, but not so much that over powered the other flavors.  The ceviche was one of the best I've had in a long time, a good mixture of fresh pico de gallo, freshly grilled tuna, lime, and muscles.  

The other dish shared was their surf and turf which consisted of a well seasoned fillet minon (good 8oz baseball cut) on top of a mixture of portabello and spinach, accompanied by two shrimp and lobster enchiladas.  The enchiladas fell short a bit of what i was expecting, but the steak was magnificent.

however, the two dishes that put a fiesta to my taste buds were the two sides i selected.  Designed to serve two, we got the fried plantains and the sweet corn w/ chile.  OMFG!!!!!  What a rush and burst of flavor.  The plantains took about two bites before you realized the true flavor they gave.  The sweet corn was topped off w/ a light sour cream and it just melted all the way to my stomach.  Pure ecstasy in a Latin food way.  I was tempted to take and order to go for a late night snack...yes it was that good.

What made our experience five stars was our waiter, Leo.  He was super friendly and the most attentive waiter I've had in a long time.  our cups were never below half-way down, salsas always full, fresh chips in an instant.  But what set him apart was how truly attentive he was.  our fillet was overdone from the medium rare we had requested, but it was OK, we didn't mind.  However after 3/4 of it was devoured, he noticed it was overcooked and w/o hesitation ordered us to stop and took it away from us, only to bring out a freshly done full sized fillet cooked to perfection.  Awesome, simply awesome.

Pricey for Mexican food for sure, but oh so worth it.  A great experience all the way around.  A full belly, and a food coma at no additional charge.