I was introduced to this place by Groupon, and couldn't say no because I am such a big fan of Margaritas. It was a great place for lunch with some friends. It's probably great for dinner with a few friends, too. Service was okay, not spectacular but acceptable. I wouldn't recommend walking in with a large group unless you called ahead (if you can) because they don't seem like they could quickly get stuff situated for you.

I had a breaded lobster taco, shredded beef taco, and Prickly Pear Margarita. My friend had the same, but with a POM-rita instead of the Prickly Pear Margarita. All the Margaritas here are made with fresh ingredients (fresh-squeezed limes, etc.) and not some mixes that have been sitting in bottles in the fridge forever. I honestly like the POM-rita better than the Prickly Pear Margarita, but they were both very good and quite large. However, the Margaritas are really expensive. I would recommend coming during happy hour because they are all half-price during happy hour. Plus, appetizers are half-price then, too. And on Mondays, the house margarita is only $3.00 ALL DAY long. I'll definitely be back for some happy hour margaritas and on a Monday off. As for the Tacos, the breaded lobster taco was really disappointing. The sauce they put on it didn't pair that well with the fried lobster, and the pieces of lobster were overcooked and a bit too chewy/dry for my tastes. However, The shredded beef taco was AMAZING. After I started eating the shredded beef taco, I knew I would be coming back for more of them. It's just a classic shredded beef taco with the classic trimmings in a crunchy taco shell (the shell seemed like it was fried very close to when I ate it, yet wasn't oily and they didn't salt it), but they must be doing something a little different because it was just too damn good. 

To sum up, I will be back and definitely recommend this place, but if you want to drink margaritas with some of those awesome shredded beef tacos, I would stick to Happy Hour, because the prices are pretty steep.

**Edit: Just found out from a fellow Yelper that they have $1.00 shredded beef tacos on tuesdays. That just moved it from 4 stars to 5 in my book and I will probably spend way too many tuesdays here. Thanks, Lindsey!