Alas! A meal at a Mexican restaurant in Phoenix that made me say 'wow'. Despite being led astray by MapQuest and getting lost for about twenty minutes on our way there we eventually stopped at a gas station and asked for directions which led us to the promised land. It was a fun detour though, while asking for directions we got to witness a senile homeless man get into a heated argument with a gas pump; which is always a lot of fun.

First impressions are always a big thing, and Gallo Blanco made a pretty good one. Not knowing what type of place it was, we were quite surprised and excited when we turned the corner and saw a sheik and new age restaurant occupying the bottom floor of the Clarendon hotel. It looked swanky and fun... and honestly I was expecting something a little rougher around the edges; what a nice surprise. 

Upon walking into the restaurant we were a little confused about where exactly the entrance was, so we found ourselves standing around looking like lost children... luckily one of the managers immediately noticed us and personally helped us out and sat us down pretty quickly... really nice guy. Right when we sat down, they instantly plopped a pretty heavenly looking basket of chips with a plate of three different salsas on our table, I pretty much instantly fell in love. The chips were fresh as can be; they looked and tasted like they had just been freshly made minutes ago, which I wouldn't be surprised if they were. 

For our main course we got a little random smattering of stuff. Started out with the quesadilla then the roasted corn (it had some special name but I don't remember what it was) then for our main dish; three different types of tacos (beef, tuna, and pork) and huevos rancheros. Everything was amazing... just melt in your mouth good. The roasted corn which was rolled in some sort of cheese and hot sauce was just amazing; possibly the best roasted corn I've ever had. Even the dessert we ordered (banana crepes) was spectacular. Gourmet Mexican is not something I'm accustomed to... but that's the best way I can describe this place. The great thing about it, is that it's very reasonable... they sell many of the menu items a la carte; for example the quesadilla and most of our tacos were 2 bucks a piece... hell yeah! You get a lot of flavor and atmosphere for a really reasonable price, and I just can't justify giving this place anything less than 5 stars. Can't wait to go back!