What took me so long to get to La Santisima?  Not much to add to the myriad of great reviews about this place other than to say Yelpers are dead on with this one.  The food, drinks, atmosphere, and staff all make this place a valley favorite for good reason.  Tonight my brother and his wife took me here as a late birthday present.  They've been here dozens of times and love it.  So I was confident what I was about to get would be pretty money.  And it was.

Let me first confirm what so many are saying about a specific drink here.  The Horchata.  Yes, its enormous and yes its awesome.  Has a nice light texture with accents of cinnamon and nuts.  The salsa bar here is also as extensive as advertised.  My brother and sister grabbed cups of each and every salsa for me to try (which was hilarious to watch since they were carrying full handfuls of salsa cups).  My favorite salsas were probably their cilantro and tomatillo.  As for the main course, its a taco shop first and foremost so I went the taco route.  The two that Yelp suggested most were the Mayan Cochinita and Cabo Shrimp.  Outstanding choices.  The cochinita pork was out of this world tender and delicious.  And the cabo shrimp was delicious and the portion on the taco was VERY generous (I could barely hold it on the tortilla).  The other thing that stood out to me was the rice on the side.  Seriously.  This isn't your run of the mill rice.  It's got a creamy savory thing going on.  Not sure exactly what they put in there (though I did pick up on some corn notes), but that rice is good stuff.  We didn't do dessert this time, but I'm sure I'll give that a try next time I'm here.

The service we received was super friendly and on point.  The place is small with seating for no more than 20 and it was pretty busy on a Saturday night.  So on most nights you might have to wait just a bit for a table.  Parking here is also pretty scarce so keep that in mind.  Its quintessentially traditional and delivers a wonderfully tasty experience.  I'll be back regularly and that horchata will likely accompany each of those visits.