First off I must mention that I'm beyond excited for this concept! Payton Curry is in da haus with some fantastic ceviche options! Wardy is stepping up his food game and rocking out some amazing things from the kitchen! Oh and for all you gluten free peeps out there, you'll be beyond thrilled with all the options you'll have with this amazing menu! Which by the way is all about LOCAL LOCAL LOCAL!! Almost everything that comes out of this kitchen is locally grown, hormone and preservative free and FRESH! They even have the fish flown in 6 days a week!

Lets start with appetizers... The chips are made in house daily, lightly salted and gluten free! The table side guacamole is super fresh and made to order. All three fundidos are amazing so don't forget to give those a try too! Both the Albondigas and the Tortilla soups are flavorful and heart warming. If your looking for a salad you've come to the right place! The shaved Kale salad is AMAZING!! (yes I am now a believer that kale can be amazing! PS. add chicken) The Haus Chopped has a creamy cilantro dressing that's drinkable it so good! (please don't drink the dressing that would be gross) The Jicama salad surprised me. It was super crisp and refreshing! (make sure to add tuna or shrimp)  

I tried all the empanadas and they all were fantastic... or what the tacotarians call "pillows of bliss". My favorite was the Carne Asada only because I loved the seasonings on the meat and how they compliment  the cilantro crema on the bottom of the plate... but seriously they are all awesome! 

$3 TACOS!!! OH yeahhhh! You can mix and match your own little taco stand to please your cravings!! Choose from: Fresh fried fish, mouth watering pork belly, in haus rotisserie chicken, marinated carne asada or local veggies! They all come served on their haus made gluten free tortillas! 

There's two options for how you'd like to go about the main entree portion of dinner. You can go ahead and order your own entree or theres also a section on their menu called "taquiza" and those are entree options for two to share! Both sections have amazing options like grilled tuna, scallops, beef or pork tenderloin, flank steak, you can even order a whole rotisserie chicken. (They have other options too, but these are a few of my favorites).

Now for my favorite part.... The ceviche!! I was nervous at first but I gave them all a shot and I'm so happy I did. The Halibut was by far my favorite. It melts in your mouth with its buttery taste and texture and kicks you at the end with a citrus note. The Ahi ceviche was my runner up, SUPER FRESH! I'm not a shrimp or scallop person but I went out on a limb and tried them both... The shrimp was light and refreshing and the scallops were herbal and buttery, to both I'd give a thumbs up! All ceviche is served in an avocado.

Desserts --THE TRES LECHES IS TO DIE FOR!!! The flan and homemade chocolate bar are also mouth watering! 

One tequila, two tequila, three tequila... more? Taco Haus has over 36 tequilas, 20+ beers (including big bombers!), an amazing wine list (+ sangria), Haus cocktails that will knock your socks off and duh! tons of awesome margaritas!!! Be sure to try the Vergara Margarita- which is Serrano infused,  soooo good!

Okay okay so the food and drinks are amazing but that's not it! Taco Haus has an awesome environment and a killer staff! And once again they support local business. They even had a local artist come in and paint the walls! All in all it really is comes down to... Tacos, Tequila, Ceviche, Cerveza... I'm sold.