Carolina's: My go-to mexican place, hands down. I have been to this place many times, and I will keep going back. My way of judging a Mexican food place is by the Tortilla. If they have a delicious, self-made, fresh tortilla, things are promising and that is exactly what Carolina's has. They have their awards on the wall for all the times they have been voted Best Tortilla in Phoenix, in case you don't wanna take my word for it.

On to the food. I absolutely LOVE the food here! I have yet to try anything here that I didn't love. The tacos don't come in these pre-shapen, dried out, hard shells like some other places. You can see some of the grease on it form the very recent deep-frying, and it is perfectly crisp without being dried out. The meet is always cooked perfectly. I have never ordered something and been disappointed by dried out meat. Some of my favorite things here are the chimichanga and hard-shell beef tacos, which is shredded beef, not the crappy ground junk that a lot of places use. The Chimichangas have to be my favorite, though. I have never had a chimichanga this great. Be careful, though, because the inside of it is REALLY HOT. You will burn yourself if you don't let it cool a little. I would love to talk about the taste of the food more, but I'm making myself too hungry, so I'll move on.

The best part about Carolina's is the price. You cannot beat the price for the quality of food you get. Tacos are all $0.75, all the time! I guarantee you will be filled up from tacos before you feel like you spent too much on them, and you won't be disappointed with the taste! I can't remember the exact price for the chimichangas, but I do remember that it is much less than you will pay anywhere else, and much more delicious!

The location isn't the best, but who cares. The best stuff is always hard to find! If you don't think it's in a safe area and that is what's deterring you, don't let it. There are cops in and out of there all the time to eat. Plus, nobody wants to pull any crap here because it's just too good!

EDIT: Tacos are not $0.75 anymore. I guess they are up to $2.00 now. New price is disappointing, but this doesn't change my rating because they are still the best tacos around!