What took me so long to try this place? I've passed by so many times and thought about it but I finally took the plunge. I'm so glad I did. It's a lovely location. It's nicely done but unpretentious. The wait staff was incredibly friendly. Refills were quick in coming and we got our food very quickly. As you waited you are served a basket of various tasty breads.

We started with the coconut shrimp. It was absolutely delicious with huge, perfectly cooked shrimp covered in a tasty coating. The coating was very light and wasn't as sweet as some coconut shrimp can be (I think that was a plus) and it was served with a slightly spicy sauce and and a small bed of greens, onions and mango. The flavors were spot on. You only get four shrimp total but the shrimp are quite large and it was a good size portion for an appetizer.

I had the chicken molé for my entree. Finally I have found a good molé in Champaign! I seriously had given up hope of finding a decent version of this sauce here, let alone an excellent version. I've tried just about ever molé sauce in town and it's almost universally bland with little more flavor than the sauce black beans are canned in. But this sauce had a great smokiness, a slight cinnamon undercurrent and the perfect amount of spice. It's served over two large pieces of chicken, still on the bone. The chicken was wonderfully cooked. The presentation was also a plus. It was served with Mexican rice, black beans, cooked fresh vegetables,  a fresh salsa and two large plantain chips all on a banana leaf-covered plate. The portion is nicely sized. Every element of this dish was superb. I really cannot find a fault with any of it and everything went so well together. The vegetables were even cut beautifully!

My dining companion had the lamb dish and from the bite I had it was phenomenal as well. We finished off the night by sharing the chocolate-covered orange cake with raspberry cream. I would probably be a little afraid of how something like that might turn out if the meal I'd had wasn't so delicious. The desert did not disappoint.

It's not a cheap place to eat dinner, although I took a look at their carry out lunch menu and they had some really great options all in the $10 - $11 range. And sometimes you really do get what you pay for.