I have been dining at this location weekly since November 2012. We went in one saturday night for dinner and were hooked on the atmosphere, the food, and the live mariachi band!

We go almost every week now and at the time of this review I seem to be "The Duke" of this location here on YELP because I check in every time we dine.

This place is really worth it all around. It is individually owned these days and the quality of everything is superb. Family friendly and always packed on Friday and Saturday nights at dinnertime. Call ahead and they will put your name on the wait list. You can also reserve a table on their web site.

The owner told me the entire interior design and all the items were hand selected from Mexico by himself and brought to the restaurant. It's a great atmosphere and the staff is friendly, quick, and knows how to serve hungry customers.

THE FOOD:

When you are seated you get chips, salsa, and bean dip. Always great!

All of their sauces are made by hand fresh daily. I think they have 7 of them.

We have tried, and LOVE the following dishes:

- Chicken Fajitas

- Carnitas (they serve them with a rib!)

- Chicken Enchiladas (with the green sauce) This one is my favorite. The flavors are delicate, the chicken is shredded and tasty and it has me hooked. I normally ask for a side of shredded lettuce and cheese instead of the usual rice and beans. It's just my preference.

They also have a awesome dessert that consists of a huge ball of fried ice cream surrounded by caramel sauce and sliced plantains (think bananas) that is lit on fire and served to you flaming! Soo good!

I have heard their Sunday Buffet Brunch is pretty awesome, but I normally go on Saturday nights for the LIVE mariachi band so I miss going on Sunday.

I signed up for their loyalty card the second time we went back. They put 5% of the total of your bill each time you dine on a gift card that you can just save up and use towards any meal. How awesome is that? I think I have close to $30 right now saved on it.

The price of the food is very fair for the quality you get. Portion size is more than enough. All in all I can't say anything negative about this place... and no, I wasn't paid to write this. HAHA.