This place seriously rocks.  It satisfies basic cravings for Chinese and Mexican, with a quick pass over Jamaica if you're in the mood.  While there really isn't any "service" per se (you walk up to the counter and fill out an order form) the folks behind the counter are very friendly and helpful.  The ordering system can even be a bit confusing for a regular, but they'll take your order verbally, which is nice.  There is a sample center for newbies where you can get a spoonful of eight of their offerings, which is also nice.

The menu is simple and complex at the same time.  There are about a dozen protein choices, which is simple enough.  I think there are some vegetarian things on the menu, but I'm not sure, being more of a carnivore.  There are also four choices of rice (fried plain, pork, chicken or jerk) and two choices of beans (black and refried).  Then there are the delivery choices:  rice bowl, burrito, quesadilla or plain.  You can do one item, or a combo of two, with rice and beans.  The number of possible combinations is difficult to calculate, especially for math-anxious me.

The food is very good, and is high quality.  It's not sublime, fine cuisine.  Its ingeniousness does not lie in the ingredients or their preparation, but rather in the strange and wonderful combinations that can be created.  The emerald chicken is memorable:  moist chicken breast with a lovely sauce made from ginger, green onions and salt.  I googled this, found a recipe online and made it at home but mine wasn't nearly as good.  Chinese BBQ pork is just what it should be: five spice-y and sweet.  I'm too much of a wuss to order the jerk chicken (I tried a sample and felt incinerated) but dining companions have raved about it as a rice bowl.  My son adores the carnitas in a burro with chicken fried rice and black beans.  Tonight, I took out a combo:  emerald chicken quesadilla, Chinese BBQ pork quesadilla, pork fried rice, black beans, and a snickerdoodle.  This will be dinner tonight with plenty left over for the dog.  Total bill was under $9.  And the snickerdoodles are GOOD!  They're the same taste as my great-grandmother's were, but they're WAY bigger (a good thing).

Ambience?  There is none.  It's strictly Costco plastic buffet tables with folding chairs and a concrete floor.  But who cares?  If you're taking it out, you've got to create your own ambience, anyway.  If you're eating in, you'll be paying way too much attention to your food (and that of your companions and neighbors) to bother worrying.  I also think the name is just too cool.  I am a huge fan of the politically incorrect, and "Takee Outee" rules!

Finally, the location could not be worse - it's hidden in an obscure strip mall behind the Walgreen's on Chandler Boulevard and Dobson.  However, if you want to try it out, FIND it QUICKLY.  A posting on the door advised that Chino Bandito will be featured on Food TV's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on April 7.  When Matt's Big Breakfast was featured last month, the wait times there tripled, so it's likely you'll be fighting crowds by the end of next week.

4/2/08 EDIT:  It turns out that my order from last night was wrong.  WAY wrong.  I called to let them know, and they told me to come in tomorrow and they'll redo the whole thing.  Score!!