You know that saying "Don't judge a book by its cover?"  Well, I am guilty as charged and am sad and sorry that I have missed out on some of the Valley's best Mexican food for years.  Casa Ramos is only a few miles from my house and I have driven by countless times, but never felt tempted to stop by.  First of all, the facade and signage looks a lttle old and tired...and then there's the location, which is in a mostly industrial part of town, across from a scary looking mobile home park.
Then I saw a rave review on Channel 8's 'Check Please Arizona' and thought I might as well go try it out.  All I can say is wow.  Neighborhood aside, this place is dishing out some great stuff.  The place is clean and bright inside, with nice pictures and tchotchkes without being overwhelming.  Traditional Mexican music plays in the background, and the smell of carne asada greets you and your nose at the door.
The moment you are seated, ubiquitous chips and salsa are placed on your table.  The chips are great, thin, crispy, and hot.  The salsa is also very fresh and has a bit more of a kick than salsas you'll get at Gringo-run joints like Garcia's, which is a mile or so northeast.
I ordered a mango margarita to drink and it was delicious...fruity and not overly sweet, and they did not skimp in the tequila either.  The fishbowl-sized glass was a welcome refresher.   
There are lots of lunch specials on the menu, stuff you can order at any Mexican joint (tacos, burritos, enchiladas) but there are also a few other things I've not seen before.  I tried one of those called apretalado and I am glad I did.  Four large shrimp are completely encased in bacon, and served with fajita style veggies, smoky refried beans, rice and creamy gaucamole.  Oh, and two fresh-made flour tortillas, but I was also offered the option of corn tortillas.  Nice touch.  The shrimp were just incredible, in a light melted cheese that only added to the decadence.  Oh and did I mention this lunch special was just $7.95?  Service was spot-on, not to pushy, not too aloof. I wanted to try the flan but by that point I was ready for a nap, I was so full.  There are several other dishes I want to try and cannot wait to return.