UPSCALE MEXICAN

This is not our first attempt to try this particular Mexican restaurant.  Just this past Monday, we tried for an early dinner and there were no open tables till after 10 pm.  We asked ouselves why so popular on a Monday?  Only later we find out it is half off everything including drinks for locals onlye on Mondays. We must remember resevations only for Mondays.  Well that is not going to happen anytime soon. So, we settled  for an early Friday lunch, and ordered  the following :

Chapulines (grasshoppers):  fried in chili lime sauce ... pure protein ... eat together with their awesome cilantro rice ... small sized grasshoppers and the legs don't get in the way ... haven't  had chapulines since we were in Washington DC.

Street tacos:  Carnitas, Al Pastor and Carne  Asada served with cilantro rice and refried  black beans ....  each packed with freshly cooked meats held in a triple skinned  corn tortilla taco ... deceivingly most filling and ravingly delish.

Seafood enchiladas:  two  large flour tortilla enchiladas with cilantro rice and refried red beans ... it was wanting delicious. ... had reached our capacity and most of this entree we took home with us.

As a reward for a check in on Yelp.com, we received a complimentary flan dessert... that Executive Chef Paco personally delivered to our table  ....  perhaps the best tasting flan we have ever devoured, and we are not the only ones to have said the same.

El Dorada Cantina is uniquely situated next door to Sapphires an adult entertainment venue.  At first we were a bit stigmatized while not realizing they were not part of Sapphires. The location brought back memories of a Portland Mexican eatery within a strip club. Another uniqueness is their belief in serving dairy products free of GMOs and antibotics plus all their vegetables, meats and fish sourced from farms that are free of antibiotics, pesticides and steroids.  If you want to learn more about their culinary philosophy check out their website.

Even though we missed out on the half off Monday special for locals, the regular prices were not out of line considering the upscale venue.