MUY AUTHENTICO!!
When you see los chonchos eating here, you know it's good.

I always avoid Mexican restaurants because everyone does this slap together something that's so standard and has no flavor unless you get some standard bright red sauce. WELL NO MORE!!

My friend had a Groupon (or something similar) for this place so we went. 
When you walk in, you're smacked with the delicious smoke from the FIRE-GRILLED meats they use for your meal! When I smelled that, my anticipation was amplified. You wander past the breads, pastries and cakes, and order from the board and take a seat. Your order number is announced bilingually when ready. Spartan seating, nice colorful tablecloths covered with plastic. Worn floor tile that can take centuries of traffic. You'll see what I mean.

I had the pastor (pork) taco plate with refried beans (slightly runny) and Mexican rice (clumpy), and I accented with selections from the free salsa bar. The salsa bar has whole roasted jalapeños (you might need to peel some skin off) with onion slices (interesting roasted flavor), another section of veggies, then chopped onions, then cilantro, then salsas in descending heat to the right, begining with habañero red salsa on the left! Made me sweat! WATCH OUT, tell your friends, this is no ordinary salsa that you randomly grab and dump on your stuff. Pico de gallo is at the right end, and the MILD red salsa is next to it. The green salsa is DELICIOUS and mild as well.

Sin piedad por gringo: Habanero shot challenge! 2 people or more AFTER your meal. Have ice cream ready. Beer or water won't help.

My friend ordered two tamales, one chicken one pork, both wrapped in different leaves. Definite authentic flavor. We also got Jamaica ("ha-MAI-ca") which is a super sweet red hibiscus juice. You can also get bottled Mexican beers for $1.99. DEAL!! 

Water is located on the left side of the ordering counter in a self-serve container. 
Extra napkins (you WILL need them) are not readily available, you must ask for your plush paper napkins. Makes sense, they're more expensive, not cheap fiber napkins recycled from cardboard. 
There's also a small grocery area. You can get fresh warm tortillas, a few veggies, some pork ($3.99/lb), authentic chicharones.

Super Inside Skinny: That's freshly made molé in bags at the grocery counter.

Cool Inside Skinny: 24 pack of Mexican sodas (Coke, Pepsi, Sprite I saw, but there might be others, maybe Fanta?) in glass bottles for $16. 
I usually buy them for a buck each at the gas station on the fly, but there's the real deal right there. Works out to 66.66 cents each as you can see!

So overall I'm sold and pleased with La Tolteca. 
THIS is where you want to take your tourist friends when they come.