I recently read an article about Chef Herb Wilson, the executive chef of Sumo Maya. So when it was recommended that we come here for lunch, it was a no brainer. 

Upon arrival, the restaurant definitely looks good. We chose to sit on the patio which was nicely covered and had misters so it was actually very comfortable. 

We sat looking over the menu without drinks... then we waited some more... and some more... after being passed by a server at least twice without a word, and then sitting a little longer while no one came around, we decided to leave.
But this is a five star review... How can this be?... I'll explain.

On our way out, we were addressed by a man who asked why we were leaving. As I continued walking out the door I frustratingly told him that no one had bothered to come out to talk us. He followed outside after us, and pleaded for us to give them another chance. He told us that this was not how the restaurant was run and he would be very appreciative if we'd give them another chance.

After some deliberation, we decided to give them another shot. The short answer to how is this a 5 star review after originally being completely ignored, is two words: Tai Hunt.

Tai is the general manager for Sumo Maya and in all my years, I've never seen a GM or any level of manager, work so hard to try and make up for a mistake. In fact, he was the one who served our table for the entire meal. To say I was impressed is an understatement. 

To start he offered us an order of the Bacon Wrapped Medjool Dates as well as the Pomegranate + Dried Fruit Guacamole. Both were items I would not have normally ordered, and both were items I would Absolutely get again. 

I'm generally not a fruit person, but both were amazing. The sweet and savory flavors were perfect together and the dried fruit gave a nice texture to the guacamole as well. These dishes both proved to me that I need to step out of my culinary comfort zone once in a while. 

For lunch I ordered a Caesar salad with chicken. The salad was fresh and crisp and the dressing had a medium spicy kick which I liked it. The chicken was pulled, not sliced or cubed. I thought that was a cool nod to the Latin aspect of the restaurant. 

Lastly, we got the Tres Leches Cake. It's topped with a marshmallow crème, then sprinkled with chocolate rice krispie treat... So good. 

I'll be curious to see how our next visit goes. And there Will Be a next visit because the food was great. I'm thankful to Tai for convincing us to stay. His excellent service and sincere desire for us to have a pleasant experience is what made all the difference.