I'm starting to wonder why the best yet cheapest meals in Vegas are found next door/ across the street from a strip club. Not that there is something wrong with that - we all need to eat. Well, this one is right next door to Sapphire which I avoid like the plague since I know somebody who works here and I think it's just awkward to see somebody you know but not romantically involved with without their clothes on. 

The place has a cozy lounge-y feel. Make sure you enter the left door if you want tacos on a plate. The right door has dancing naked tacos. I tried all of their street tacos. They were all good but some stood out more than the others.

Al Pastor Taco:
Marinated pork with cilantro, pineapple, onion and lime. Eaxctly like what you'll find on the streets. 5/5

Carne Asada Taco:
Marinated steak with guacamole, onion, lime and cilantro. The steak was so tender and well-seasoned. It's a safe choice. 5/5

Carnitas:
Braised pork wih guacamole, onion, lime and cilantro. Juicy and dripping wet. 5/5

Pulled Chicken:
Marinated chicken with onions, spices and pico de gallo. Chicken tacos tend to be boring and blah but this one was very tasty, tender, perfectly cooked and not dry. 4/5

Cochinita:
Slow-roasted pork marinated in achiote with pickled habanero and onions. This  one definitely stood out. It seemed tame like a Catholic school girl but once you dig deeper, it's crazy! You'll be all hot and sweaty by the time you're done. 5/5

Cantaloupe Aguas Fresca:
This is easy to make at home but sometimes, I just don't feel like making anything at home. Their drink specials change everyday.  Since it wasn't horchata day, I got this instead. a drinkable form of cantaloupe. 4/5

I tend to get sick when I eat street tacos. Considering I had good tacos from here and didn't get sick, I would have to say I found my safe taco haven. "Honey, I was only parked at Sapphire to eat some tacos" would be a true and accurate statement if you go to El Dorado.

The service was great. There was only one server at lunch time when we went taking care of at least 5 tables including ours. But she was always smiling and seemed to like what she was doing. The chef also came out to talk to diners and get their feedback.