Last weekend I celebrated my 65th birthday by using one of my birthday presents. It turns out that this was one of three best birthday gifts ever! Number one was my grandson being born on my birthday two weeks earlier!! Number 2 is this gift, Number three was probably the rocking horse I got around three years old. So you can see that to be at the top of this list is pretty impressive. My sister, brother, sister-in-law, and nephews had bought me a Tequila and Maragrita lesson at Verde. We arrived on a beautiful, but cool, Saturday afternoon. In Verde's courtyard stood a small event tent. We were warmly greeted by the Jeff, Verde's owner, introduced to the two bartenders who would be helping teach the class, and kept warm by the tents heater. Soon 16 others joined us. On the table at each seat was a shot glass, a glass of water to cleanse our palates, a complete set of bar tools to eventually create our own Margarita, and the recipe that we would follow to be sure that our creation was drinkable.We were all asked to introduce ourselves by name and the reasons we wanted to get to know Tequila/Margarita better. My personal tradition for many years is to end the work week on Friday with one wife-made Margarita. It takes the edges of the days before, but I wondered if we could improve on an already good thing. Then the agave took the stage. We learned about the processing of the plant, the aging of tequila/mezcal, and soon began the tasting of three basic forms of Tequila. As we sipped our Tequila we were invited to describe the "notes" [flavors] that we tasted: peppery, bitey, minty, bourbon, etc. It turns out that my favorite of the Tequila is the Repasodo, not as bitey as the clear "Blanco" and not quite as full-flavored as Anjeo. The Reposado goes down more smoothly and without so much face-grimacing familiar to me with a shot of Blanco that I recalled from college days. After Tequila tasting we began to construct our Margaritas. We learned the measuring techniques, the importance of ice in a cocktail, how to shake and strain the mix before pouring the luscious concoction of Jimmy Buffet fame into the glass. It was the restaurant's own recipe for its basic Margarita, and it was delicious!! Our Friday nights at home will be enhanced with our new skill and the Verde recipe, and some Friday nights will be enjoyed at Verde where we will add Mexican and Spanish foods to accompany our Margaritas. I really loved this birthday gift, Jeff and his staff were great, and the sipping and 'rita topped off the celebration of my grandson Jackson's birth!