Picky eaters do not apply. To enjoy this place, you have to be an adventurous eater.  If you just get chips, queso fundido, or a pork bun, you will not be happy.  

For foodies who won't turn their nose up at a beef tendon taco, this is the place for you!  Super creative food and a great bargain for what you get.  

We started out with the Pozole Rojo ($9) which is a spicy shredded pork soup with chickpeas, cabbage, pork rinds, chopped onions, radish, and avocado.  This was a really good portion size for $9 and so tasty.  You can get it with a shot of tequila for an extra $3 but our server didn't recommend it unless we just wanted to do a tequila shot. Apparently the tequila is offered for hangovers.  Hair of the dog, you know.

Next we tried the Viva China taco ($5.50 each) which has beef tendon, a Kumamoto oyster, and Sichuan sauce.  Yes, beef tendon in a taco.  This was extremely tasty.  I could eat ten of these.

We also tried the Cochinita Taco ($4.50 each).  It's pretty much pork and pickled onions.  Pretty good, but the Carnitas taco topped with pork rinds is so much better.

Another great dish was the Papas with XO sauce ($6).  French fries covered in a dried scallop sauce.  They serve it with lime, which you think would be awful.  But it's actually really, really good!

The big surprise of the night was the Gaspacho Morelia ($10).  This is a huge plate of very fresh, very tasty fruit covered in freshly squeezed orange juice.  Some of the fruit had some spicy seasoning on it, which enhanced the flavor of the fruit.  Pineapple, watermelon, mango, jicama, dragonfruit, strawberries, and queso fresca. Very good and light.

The cocktails are also very inventive.  I don't think I can ever have a normal margarita again after having the salt air margarita ($12) served here.  The salt foam is a perfect compliment to the margarita and doesn't have the harsh taste of salt on the rim.  My husband had the lychee sour ($12) which was also very good.  

$63 before tip and we were very, very full.  Service was impeccable and very friendly.  Just focus on the more creative dishes.  Yeah, you can get a pork bun in Chinatown for cheaper.  Of course you can get a carne asada taco at a taco truck for cheaper.  Come here for the creative dishes that you can't get anywhere else.