INSANELY GOOD!!!! I literally read every review because after reading the first few, I was intrigued by what everyone had to say. Is it really possible that the vast majority of people had the same amazing experience? I had to find out, so my husband, son and I checked it out. I agree it is a little weird to walk up to a restaurant that is next to a strip club with a 3 year old, but it's Vegas and so what. The ambiance and décor is beautifully understated, welcoming and classy. The hostess was very nice and seated us right away, we were relieved to see other families with children (sometimes you don't know how truly kid-friendly some places are). Our server Kai immediately brought us water and engaged us in conversation about how we heard about them. He is very charismatic and genuinely interested in the well-being of the restaurant and what people think. He is very attentive without being intrusive and his excitement sharing in the knowledge of the menu and the process involved is very refreshing. 

Fresh chips and the 3 types of salsa were a great way to start. We got there in time for happy hour, so we took advantage of the $1 street tacos and ordered 2 of each. You will not be disappointed no matter which one you order, as each is better than the next. I will say that my favorite was the Al Pastor; the combination of the salty pork and pineapple was a little bit of heaven with every bite. The carnitas were so tender, and the chicken was perfectly marinated. The tableside guac is a must, but it is a very large portion, so be prepared. The pozole was amazing and there aren't many restaurants in Vegas that serve it, so it was definitely a nice surprise! Between the non-GMO meats and fresh ingredients, you can taste real food with every dish.

Even though we were overly full, we ordered the flan (based on EVERY review). Before it came out, Chef Paco came out to talk to introduce himself and ask about our dinner. The passion he exudes about what he does, is evident in the food he creates and how he talks about it. What a talented man, that was taught by his mother and grandmother; truly wonderful to hear about his inspirations. He actually brought us the flan, and I can say without hesitation, that it was by far the best dessert I have ever had....hands down! It was a mistake not to order one to go. This is a very long review, but the experience was worth telling everyone how phenomenal this gem is! Every local needs to make this their new go-to spot. Thank you staff of El Dorado for a wonderful evening of great food and great service. We will be back and we will being our friends!!