I have been wanting to try this place.  I've read all about it on Yelp.  My girlfriend has turned me on to Korean cuisine.  I like Mexican cuisine, but she does not.  So, I had to rope my father into going with me.  Komex is conveniently located off the 95 at Decatur.  Just head North on Decatur and look for it on the left just before Washington.  There is not enough parking for that shopping center.  The decor is typical mom and pop, not super fancy, but it is clean.  Mostly booths.  Have a seat and a server will come by soon.  The place is small, perhaps six or eight booths/tables.  We ordered two Mexican sodas: one mandarin orange and the other lime.  They came in bottles and they provided glasses with ice and straws.  I tried both flavors and liked both.  The carbonation was strong.  The server brought out complimentary chips, saIsa, and guacamole.  The chips were more like fried pitas.  They seemed fresh, but were cold.  The salsa was very flavorful.  The guacamole was ordinary, but how many other places give you guacamole for free?  So, I'm not complaining.  If you check in on Yelp you get a free order of fried wontons.  I showed our server.  I went to the bathroom and was disgusted by the smell (the only unpleasant part of my experience at Komex).  The fried wontons were crispy, hearty, and flavorful.  Not overly greasy.  The dipping sauce was really tasty, kind of sweet and spicy hot at the same time.  We ordered two fusion tacos (one beef and the other chicken), bulgogi burrito, and pork torta.  The food all came out at different times, which I did not mind.  There were only two people working the front-of-house and the place was full (was lunch time).  Everything was flavorful.  I could taste the Korean and the Mexican and it worked.  The burrito and torta were huge portions.  Our server brought out some sauces, which were all good.  Upon finishing our server brought out a complimentary dessert, which was an orange sliced in half and the pieces cut out and then put back in.  Two little plastic swords were stuck in two of the slices.  Really nice touch.  Usually I skip dessert after eating so much food, but I told myself I had to eat my daily allowance for fruit and enjoyed it.  It was fresh.  Fortune cookies came with the bill.  Torta $5.99; burrito $4.99; tacos $1.29 each; sodas $1.29 each; wontons free with Yelp check in; fortune cookies free; orange free; and chips, salsa, & guacamole free.  The total bill was under $18 and we were stuffed.  Our server was super friendly and helpful.  It was totally busy, but we ate and got back to work within an hour.  This place gets five stars all the way "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!"