I've gone shopping several times at the outlets across the street and just recently realized I was foot steps away from this incredible restaurant. Its on the ground floor connected to that Vast Building - World Market Center. This place blends right in the exquisite countours of its surroundings including the  High Society individuals that roam around the floors buying/selling imported designer furniture.. Mundo showcases ULTRA Innovative Modern Classy / Chic Furniture + Lighting. Also a nice patio area for those of you who need to puff on something.

Appetizer:

Comes with Chips and 3 Different Salsas for dipping. Standard Nacho/Tortilla chips, 1 mild chunky red salsa, 1 cilantroey tad spicy green salsa and 1 roasted garlic packed brown salsa. All Very Tasty!

Queso Flameado: a mix  of cheese, mushroom, tomatoes and chile with a side of tortillas (I opted for flour). It looked like Abstract Art in a bowl.. First, I took a scoop of it and spread it on one half of the tortilla. Next, I folded over the plain half (make like a half moon or taco). Last, take a bite and enjoy! Just think quesadilla taco?! It was Astonishing! Be careful, to leave room for your entree as this quite a heavy starter.

Carnitas: chunky cubes stacked in the middle of the plate surrounded by a scoop of guacamole, slices of spicy seasoned tomatoes, onions and cilantro with a side of corn tortillas. This wasn't some Taco truck or any other type of carnitas I've seen or had before. Fork cut into it as if it was a razor sharp knife. Extremely tender and packed a mild yet unique pork flavor. A whole new take on carnitas that was remarkably Inspiring!

Chilean Sea Bass: jalapeno cilantro lime marinade, potato, jalapeno and tomato, thats been steamed in a banana leaf. It came wrapped in some paper with a couple slices of lime sitting on top. How imaginative, I've never opened a dinner gift before! I gently unwrapped the paper and there it was, a thick fillet of fish with the tomatoes, seasonings, jalapeno and potatoes anchoring it on both sides! The fork just slid through the fish as if nothing was there. This thing was so flaky/soft that it was about to disinigrate!!  I squeezed some of the lime juice on it, picked up a little piece of everything and had a taste.. Great complex flavors of cilantro and spices, it was nothing my palate had experienced before! It really was a gift.. Just the right everything, what a creative and sophisticated dish! Very Impressive!

Flan: small round, the usual looking flan with a little pool of sweet/cinnamony liquid?! Raspberry, Blueberry, nuts and a swipe of red berry syrup placed artisticly around it. Nice mix of colors and placement, another piece of art. Everything on point, no complaints! A nice way to end the night on a sweet note.

A Positive unusual perspective of Flavors, Masterpiece Presentations and First-Class Service!