As I gazed enviously at Guy Fieri shoveling in piles of freshly fried Chinese chicken and steaming hot beans and rice on Triple D, I knew I was sold on this place.  Traditionally, I haven't been the biggest fan of fusion cuisine.  However, there was something ultra-unique about the way Chino Bandido combined the culinary powerhouses of Latin, Asian, and Caribbean cuisine in a low-key, honest kind of way.  They don't try to alter recipes from each respective culture; rather, they simply make the recipes in their true form, and serve them alongside other ethnic cuisines.  So instead of coming up with some Frankenstein Mexican flavored orange chicken crud, they make bomb Chinese food, bomb Latin food, and bomb Caribbean food, and let you decide how you want to combine those dishes to make your meal.  

The restaurant is located in a tired-looking strip mall in suburban north Phoenix.  The sign on the outside of the restaurant matter-of-factly states "Mexican Chinese Combos" as if it's something that is rather common.  Upon entrance, there is a gentleman off to the left behind a food station giving out samples of whatever menu item you wish to try.  Straight ahead is an open kitchen bustling with clanging woks and loud sizzling.  Off to the right, there are two rooms full of tables, a self-serve soda fountain, and a super cool panda statue wearing a sombrero.  

I ordered a two item combo with the jade red chicken, pollo diablo, Cuban black beans, and jerk fried rice.  The jade red chicken comes in bite-sized, ultra crispy pieces smothered in a savory-sweet, tangy sauce.  The chicken is not all uniformly shaped like some Panda Express frozen takeout.  You can tell this chicken was cut by hand and freshly fried to a perfect crisp just for you.  The pollo diablo comes with a finely ground sprinkle of fresh chiles, and it has a very bright, clean jalepeno/serrano flavor.  The beans are well-seasoned with deep, earthy Latin spices, and the jerk fried rice is decidedly Caribbean, with fresh chopped green onions generously mixed throughout.  Bites of crispy, tangy chicken are perfectly countered with rich, creamy black beans covered in grated Mexican cheese.  The chicken is not oily or overly greasy at all.  I was also able to try the chile relleno, which is another must-order for me.  I would recommend the relleno for people who love fried foods, but I would advise against ordering it if you're fried-averse.  The relleno is essentially a huge green chili stuffed (I mean STUFFED) with melty cheese, dipped in a thick, crispy batter, and fried to a crisp.  It's about the size of a Pringles can, and it can probably feed the entire Cardinals offensive line.  

A self-serve soda fountain, great customer service, and plenty of seating guarantee a stellar experience here.  I was a bit curious why all the meals are served in a take-out style aluminum bowl, but after eating here I now know why.  Let's just say you won't leave hungry.  Chino Bandido, you are probably my favorite restaurant on earth.  Open a location in LA please!