Where oh where did my review go? I had a review written, maybe it was just in my head, and now it is lost. 

It was a Sunday morning, cloudy skies, windy and rather dreary. We were unsure where to go, surprise, surprise! Driving down Pecos, discussing options, I asked the wife if she was feeling adventurous, to which she said yes. 

A quick right turn lead us straight to Carlito's Burrito's. We were not quite sure what to expect as we walked up to the burrito place next to a bakery and tattoo shop. Upon opening the door, we were greeted by delicious aromas and a full establishment, with patron's aluminum food container tray items generously filled with oversized, drenched burritos.

Shuffling between the chairs and soda fountain, we made our way to the counter to order, leaning back to stair at the big screen tv menus mounted near the ceiling, our meal choices formed within our minds quite quickly.

A soft spoken, but courteous and polite gentleman took our order, answered our questions and efficiently handed our drink cups to us. Shuffling back toward the soda fountain, we filled our cups with carbonated, sugary drinks and sat down at a freshly vacated table. 

They were so busy, the staff could not get to an empty table to wipe it down before it was re-occupied. Heck, the vacating customers couldn't all be out of their seats before the next patrons were sitting down! 

While having a brief discussion about the artwork on the walls and how busy the restaurant was, the soft spoken man brought out our meals with an inquiry as to anything else we needed, or he could do for us. With tongues eager to taste the delicious smelling food before us, they spoke of their own volition and assured him we were ready to eat.

I had chicken enchiladas in red sauce with rice, she had a bowl containing the innards of a dissected burrito.

The red sauce has some bite to it, but not too much to obliterate the flavor and essence of the chiles that lived up to their purpose of being a part of a great sauce. The chicken bits were succulent and tender, not a hint of overcooked dryness was detected.

I am guessing her food was equally as delicious, as we finished our meals in near silence, aside from comments about how good the food was, and asking why we waited so long to eat there.

This was our first, but definitely not our last visit. I am anxious to get a chance to try some of their happy hour specials, and sample more of the menu!