After the Arizona Republic dubbed Barrio's Cafe the #1 Mexican Restaurant in the city we found it only fitting to do some investigating.  What we found was this small, family-owned spot is a diamond in the rough neighborhood of 16th St. & downtown Phoenix.  

From the windows to the walls smothered in abstract skull artwork and religious memorobilia this awnry shrinery has a character that intriques even non-believers.  

With an hour and a half wait-to-be-seated promise, we entertained (but only for a moment) bouncing to another restaurant which we could have only expected a quicker, more mediocre fare.  However, that thought was vetoed immediately after spotting an article (image included) of their famous and oh so decadent goat milk caramel, candied walnut churros dish.  Worth the weight (pun intended).

Eyes on the prize, my dining companions decided drinks were in order, a round of cervezas and margaritas later we found ourselves waiting impatiently on the patio, a new addition to this establishment. During our wait we ordered chips and guacamole, of course this wasn't your typical guacamole.  The crunchy pomegranate kick with an easy on the taste buds flavor had us wishing the bowl was bottomless.  

We were seated after our second round and couldn't have been more blessed with our table's location.  The table was only inches from Sonan, a Rumba Flamenca RnB band with an ambiance and sound of Mexico City this band blew our slightly buzzed party away.

You could hear a pin drop after we all opened our menu's, the immense concentration and eye sparkles were indicators that sharing entrees was inevitable.  

I could sit here and list the entree's that we inhaled, but each item had a unique, can't quite put your finger on it taste that words wouldn't do them justice.

The tequila options were just as gratifying as the dishes themselves, and the dessert menu descriptors would make even a full person's mouth water.  

If you haven't already visited Barrio's Cafe, I strongly recommend you do.  As a self-proclaimed foodie, full-time tweeter and avid Yelper - I know you will be raving all the way home.