This place is just what the Phoenix venue doctor ordered. 

In the past few years, so many of Phoenix's venues have either gone out of business or decided not to have music in their establishments anymore (I'm looking at you, Modified Arts).  There are still many great venues in the area, but none that can hold the amount of people or attract big name acts like The Crescent Ballroom can. Up until this place opened people in the neighborhood were forced to either catch a show in Tempe, or worse yet drive ALL THE WAY down to Tucson to catch bands who couldn't (or didn't want to) book a show in the Valley. Not anymore though. Crescent Ballroom has saved the day!

This is a great space. It's nestled inside the old F.L. Hart garage, a historic Phoenix building built in the early 1900's. When you walk up you're greeted by people enjoying their beers, smokes, and food in the outdoor seating area. Next you walk up and get your ID and Tickets (if you're catching a concert) checked by the friendly girl at the door. Once you walk in you're in the lounge, which is always free to just sit in and hang out. You can find yourself a table if you want, or just walk up to the bar and get your drink from one of the friendly bartenders.
They have a pretty limited number of things you can order from their kitchen, but no matter what you order it will be delicious. I've had the nachos (yum), a burger (yummier) and the salad (yummiest). All menu items are reasonably priced and are usually a big enough portion to share with a friend. 

Now the music venue. It's amazing. It can hold I believe up to 500 something people. It's big enough to cram all those people into the space but also small enough to where you still feel close to the action.  I've been lucky enough to catch a few shows here and the sound quality in there is amazing. Shows are pretty reasonably priced, but if you see an act you just can't miss I would recommend buying your tickets in advance and early! 

The noise level in the lounge and outdoor seating area can get pretty high. If it's a busy night, don't count on being able to have a quiet, intimate conversation with your lady friend. You'll be yelling "WHAT?!?!?" at each other all night. 

Every time I've been to this place I've had a great time. I love Crescent Ballroom. Period.