My friends and I frequent the Crescent Ballroom because of all the great shows that come in here to play and the great atmosphere in the front room and patio.  This is a great place to come for a show or just to hang out and grab some food or drinks. There is always something awesome to check out here no matter what day of the week. Most of the shows do have some sort of cost, but it is usually worth the price. I have seen tons of shows here in the past and had a wonderful time. The venue is very personal and offers a wide array of options for you to enjoy the show, including lots of standing room, high table tops, and stadium blenchers in the back. Inside the venue there are conveniently located bathrooms, the merch table and a bar.

Drinks - The bottled beer selection here is pretty decent but the draft selection of beers is very limited. I would recommend sticking to hard liquor here. The Vodka Sodas here are some of the best and strongest in town. After just three of these drinks you will be feeling very good. They also carry a personal favorite of mine, Templeton Rye whiskey. A glass on the rocks will run you $10, but it is well worth it.

Food - I have heard many good things about the food from the Crescent, but I have only ever ordered the nachos.  These nachos are awesome though! They are delicious but expensive at ~$13. However, they can easily feed 2-4 people so the cost is not that bad unless you are the one treating the table. I am very interested in coming here during the day to try other food. Most of the menu is extremely affordable and sounds delicious, especially for a concert venue.

Staff/Service - I have only been here at night, but it is pretty typical not to receive any sort of table service if you are at the front room or on the patio. I would recommend ordering all drinks and food up at the bar. The bar staff are super nice and work quickly to get everyone's order taken care of. If you are ordering food they will give you a card to bring back to your table so someone else can deliver your food.

I love the Crescent Ballroom and it is by far one of my favorite spots in town. If you like live music you have to give this place a try. The staff, drinks, food or music will not disappoint you. This concert venue and bar has a great vibe!