Came into this place yesterday after the Pollo Mobile across the street ran out of Lengua and Huaraches! It was like 2p.m. so I decided to try a new place instead, Cilantro Tacos. This place hasn't been open long and to be honest, I never went in because of the name. I'm not a HUGE fan of cilantro so it was never really on my radar. Needless to say, cilantro is just a topping that you can ask to not have when you place your order so it's definitely not a big deal. Here's what I ordered for my wife and me and how it all stacked up. By the way, I have lived in California for about 6 years and have had Mexican food from many different places...so my descriptions are accurate :)

1 Taco de pollo/chicken - Wife ordered this, so I just had a bite. Chunky pieces of chicken. Up to par with a standard Mexican place.

1 Taco de al pastor/sauced pork - Wife ordered this, so again, I just had a bite. I'm not a fan of al pastor in general but from the bite I had, it was pretty good. Just the right amount of flavor to keep you coming back for more.

1 Taco de carne asada/marinated steak - This is where it's at. Thick juicy cuts of carne asada packed with flavor. Depending on the sauce you get from the salsa bar, this can end up being a fantastic snack/meal(if you plan on having more than one).

1 Taco de carnitas/pork - The carnitas I had at this place was probably some of the best carnitas I have ever had from any Mexican spot. Normally, when you order carnitas from any other place, you get small chunks of hardened pork that just doesn't do it for me. Cilantro Tacos carnitas is formulated of giant, soft, succulent pieces of pork with enough flavor to have me thinking about my next order for the subsequent time that I go. I don't know what I'll be getting the next time I go here, but one thing is for sure; At least one item that I end up getting will contain CARNITAS! lol :)

1 Order of Cilantro Fries - Now, for the Main Course, we had the Cilantro Fries(for those that don't like Cilantro, don't let the name throw you off, this dish has practically nothing to do with cilantro). This dish starts off with a nice layer of french fries. On top of that, you have about half a gallon of cheese. On top of that you have thick cuts of carne asada. This is served with 2 small sides of guacamole and 1 small side of sour cream. If you play your cards right, you dump the 2 sides of guacamole diagnolly on opposite sides of the dish and dump the sour cream right in the middle. After going to town on these fries, I realized that my wife and I were fighting over who got the next bite. Next time I'll just get my own order. These were different from your standard carne asada fries in the sense that this was a little more gourmet. It didn't have as much asada as a standard place would have, but the quality made up for that. It also wasn't as salty as normal carne asada fries would be. I will definitely be having this dish again. 

All in all, I have to give this place 5 stars for the following reasons;
1.) Pricing is decent for the quality of food.
2.) Meats(the ones that I like anyway - Carne Asada/Carnitas) were top notch and as I said before, "If you're thinking of your next meal from the same place while you're eating, it's probably fantastic!")
3.) Decor was great! I'm not a fan of Mexican music, but they had that playing in the background. Plus the place was super clean inside.
4.) 5 Stars - I plan on trying some other things on the menu and will drop the rating if I either don't like it or they start to slack. I don't see that happening any time soon though.

1 Gripe: My wife wanted me to mention that she wishes this place had Huaraches because she'd be here all the time if they did, lol. 

All in all, if you're looking for a fantastic Mexican place to simply grub or grab a snack, Cilantro Tacos is the place :D

I am the first to review this restaurant so maybe I could get hooked up with a discount in the future, lol!