I am just going to piggyback many of my fellow Yelpers here, and say that my first visit to Los Reyes de la Torta, which was for dinner tonight was as good as I have heard and hoped it would be! 

My dinner company and I arrived for dinner here around 5:30pm, and the restaurant was busy but we were still seated immediately. Our waitress was at our side ready to help us immediately, and was very helpful and patient with us because we had never been here before. We ended up sitting right under the Man V Food framed and illuminated poster on the wall, and decided upon the Del Rey torta which Adam ate on the show. My guest got a diet coke and I one of the aqua frescas cantaloupe flavor and it was unbelievably refreshing and flavorful. It even came with a slice of cantaloupe on the side of the glass and I could tell the drink was freshly made just for me.

Our dinner, the Del Ray, well, it was heaven on a bun, and comprises of just about every kind of meat in existence including chorizo, ham, beef and hot dog and egg. However, the meat proteins were not too overwhelming and were balanced out very nicely by the avocado, veggies and cheese. Further, the torta bread was awesome, and retained its crispy shell and fresh, spongy inside with each bite. The sandwich was spicy but not hot (but if one chooses to put the chipotle sauce on the sammy, eater beware!). For two grown adult males, the Del Rey torta was a good meal to share with a side of rice and beans (both of which were fantastic as well!). The sandwich comes with ruffled potato chips, and my guest commented that he was surprised it did not come with tortilla chips instead, but both of us thought the salty potato chips actually enhanced the overall flavor combination of the torta and meal in general, and tasted great with the chipotle sauce. 

During the meal we noticed dishes being taken to other tables and my guest and I both decided we would have to come back and try the other dishes too, as the ingredients were so authentic and fresh that I am certain all the dishes taste fantastic, as did our Del Rey. 

In the end, dinner cost just over $20 including tax and tip and drinks...an awesome deal for the meal and service. Some other posters have commented on this location's lack of curb appeal and overall cultural scenery, but as someone who values food quality more than flash and trendiness, I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone looking for a great meal for themselves, their partner or family night out!!!