[A version of this review will also be featured on the Holy Taco Church at http://www.holytacochurch.com/.]

Gadzooks! Enchiladas and Soup is a new place that I keep seeing mentioned on all the best-foods-in-Phoenix type lists.

I ordered two tacos. My husband ordered enchiladas. I chose the "50/50," meaning half flour and half corn tortillas--this ended up being a good choice, because my husband went with corn and found they became extra toasty in the oven. 

Next up... MEAT. I was a bit confused about if I could combine meat with another non-meat main item, and it turned out I could.

I chose to do two chicken and cornbread tacos. Cornbread. YES. Scooped out of a big casserole pan. Yelp said it was delicious, so I wanted to give it a shot!

With my tacos girded with chicken and chunks of cornbread, my food moved on down the food bar. Me, I love me some cheese, and here I asked for asadero and chihuahua cheese. My whole dish was stuck in the big oven to heat up for like two minutes as I waited and drooled. Next up, I asked for pico, crumbled cojita cheese (because cheeeeeeeese), vinaigrette slaw, and pickled onions. At this point, the dish looked like a delicious rainbow of awesomeness.

I asked for a pumpkin cookie and was pleased that the order included two. BONUS COOKIE FTW. They also had lemon blueberry cookies and I'd love to try those sometime.

So, cornbread on a taco. Dude. This is amazing. Cornbread tastes awesome but it also has this soft/crunchy texture thing going on. It melds with the meat. Clouds opened up. Angels sang. Cornbread is good with everything on a Thanksgiving plate, and it totally works with zingy Mexican flavors. I need to try this combo at home.

The food was 100% awesome. Every topping I chose was fabulous. The slaw and onions added a tang and crunch that nicely complemented the holy fusion of cornbread and chicken.

My husband had a short rib and a pork enchilada. He was pleased. I asked for bites of his food to judge this. Well, it was more like a mugging. My fork loomed over his plate and he wisely surrendered the dish before I stabbed him. I agreed with his assessment.

Meanwhile, our son had tortilla chips. They are awesome, all covered with bubbles, and thick enough that they can crackle and kinda explode when you bite into them. You could tell they are made there.

Then we come to the cookies. The glaze on them turned out to be maple. MAPLE! Happiness! Rainbows! Fuzzy kittens! The cookies really tasted like homemade and were soft and chewy.

We loved Gadzooks. Awesome food with great options. Good prices ($6.95 to get two tacos or two enchiladas). It's earned all the buzz.