Ole Hussong's!
Wife and I came for lunch on Aug. 16, 2014 and left with full tummies and smiling faces. We initially were taken to a front section table, but I requested a table further back - not a problem, immediately the hostess (with a smile) took us to a back table even though no one else was seated in the back section yet.  Soon after, our server (Kara) came up to give us chips/salsa and take our drink order. Hussong's claim to fame is that they had invented the original margarita way back when in Mexico - and they did not disappoint.  Most of the margaritas are priced $12 to $13, so we opted to share the Romance $20 (a gigantic margarita enough for four people).  When it arrived, it was very refreshing and delicious with a potent kick.  Kara was the ultimate server - always smiling, very attentive and answered all our menu questions thoroughly.  We decided to try the guacamole with our second serving of nachos and salsa and were very glad that we ordered it.  It was very different from any guacamole that we had eaten anywhere previously - very large chunks of avocado and other mystery ingredients that all worked very well together.  Wife had the taquitos which she said was great. I had ordered the Enchiladas Rojas and had opted for one of each (chicken, beef and carnitas).  It came with sides of beans and rice; and everything, especially the enchiladas was so tasty.  As much as I did not want to waste any of it,I could barely finish my meal.  Even the manager stopped at our table to see that everything was to our satisfaction. When we were done eating, Kara noticed that we had almost a third of our giant margarita remaining in the glass, so she took it in the back and came out with two full 'take-out' cups with covers and straws for us to go - no better way to end a great meal than walking around the mall and casino buzzing with the best margarita in hand.
I'm sure that there are cheaper places to find good Mexican food fare in Las Vegas.  But for us, considering the location, great ambience (interesting antiques, pictures and décor, and very appropriate background music), the efficiency and friendliness of service and the excellent quality of food, we will be back at Hussong's again on our next trip to Vegas.