This place is WONDERFUL. 

I sometimes hate how gaudy Mexican restaurants can be in Vegas. When you walk into F&F's, you know you're in a Mexican restaurant, but it's cute and classy and definitely not over the top. The lighting is dim and it does not feel like every other Mexican restaurant in town. It's really cute inside! I love the vibe and the way the restaurant is set up. 

 The menu is laid out in a very "American-friendly" way in that the dishes are explained well for those of us who may not know what things are or what the Spanish words for certain dishes mean. That is a huge plus for me! 

Within two minutes of being seated, chips and salsa were brought to our table. That is an immediate star. I didn't even have to ask. Also, our drinks were never empty and they came within 30 seconds of ordering. We also ordered bean dip and it was delivered within a few minutes. It was as good as any other bean dip I've had at any other Mexican restaurant, but it came with pico de gallo on top, which was also a plus. 

I was flustered and couldn't decide what to order (this happens to me constantly) so I just ordered two tacos - one crispy chicken and one pork adobada with rice and beans. My gf ordered the fajitas. Our food came out within 15 minutes, or at least that's what it seemed like. My gf and I are "talkers" so time almost always goes by quickly when we are dining. 

Now, this review may be a bit biased because it was about 8pm and it was the first meal we had eaten all day. We partied pretty hard on Saturday and basically slept all day on Sunday... so we were starving. BUT, my tacos were DELICIOUS. The crispy chicken was juicy and the pork adobada sauce was tasty and not overpowering. There wasn't too much sauce, which I love. Now, these were not as great as the tacos at Tacos Al Gordo, but they was close enough for me! I definitely recommend trying the crispy chicken tacos - YUM. 

My gf seemed to really enjoy  her fajitas too! And the prices were extremely reasonable and actually cheaper than most upscale Mexican restaurants I have been to.  

As far as food goes, I think this place deserves about 4 stars. However, because the service was so wonderful (we must have had about 3 different people taking care of us) and the ambiance was perfect, I have to give 5 stars. 

This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant! CHECK IT OUT.  Next time, I'm trying the sweet potato enchiladas! :)