I've lived in AZ for, around five years, and I have seriously avoided eating here after reading yelp reviews for two reasons:

A). people's comments about the level of spiciness.

Look. I have taken a bite out of a raw habanero and said, "eh." I can handle it. But I've always been afraid to bring anyone I'd want to dine with here for fear they wouldn't be able to eat the food.

B). The comments about the service.

So much whining about the service.

Let me tell you. Everyone who says the food is SOOO SPICY--you are why I cannot have nice things! The food is this really lovely level of burn. I could eat hotter but my husband can handle it here as well, and really enjoys it, so no, it's not too spicy. Order the flautas if you're someone who can't handle a packet of mild sauce at a Taco Bell. There are non-spicy things on the menu. Do not ruin spicy food for the picante lovers out there. Stop ruining all of the spicy food. You are why wing places tone down their suicide wings. Because you order suicide wings and expect them to be ketchup. Stop it. Just stop this now.

The service. Yeah, it's not Applebees. No ten minutes or it's free. It's a small restaurant. Whatever. Every time I've gone the food has come out quickly and the water has been replaced quickly, but man it's so good I really have no problem waiting for it while I suck on a margarita. Also, the margaritas are the bomb diggety. I always get the prickly pear margarita and it is strong and delicious. 

The carne avodava burro special is the greatest thing since sliced bread. I trade off on this and the green chile stew. Just totally friggin' fabulous. 

I love Los Dos Molinos and I finally feel like living in AZ isn't horrible anymore. I cannot believe I feared coming here in the past, and I've been eating here like once a week to make up for lost time. I know it's New Mexican cuisine and not technically Mexican, but it satisfied the gaping hole in my heart for delicious Mexican food of the variety I enjoyed while living in So Cal. 

Sooo yeah. Los Dos Molinos. I dig it.