The tableside guacamole is the bomb! The service was impeccable and the atmosphere was lively. This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant. You must try the Parrillada De Mariscos.

I might have been in a review funk when I wrote my first review of this place. I thought it was strange that it had so many great reviews when I just couldn't seem to see past mediocrity.  I am glad I gave the place another try. My previous experience is leaps and bounds different from today's experience.

As soon as we stepped into the restaurant, the owner greeted us. Our server Amanda was very knowledgeable about the food. She made our guacamole at the table to our liking (e.g., jalapeños, onions, cilantro, salt, pepper, tomatoes). She also waited for us to try the guacamole to ensure we were happy, which is part of my definition of exceptional service. The chips were fresh, light, and crispy. Together this was a great beginning to our meal. 

Amanda then made some recommendations for entrées.  I love when servers take the time to make recommendations or ask if there are questions about the menu. All too often I get servers that approach the table and ask, "Are you ready to order?" or "Have we decided what were going to have?" as though they are in a rush and we are just a number. I definitely believe that good service involves finding out what your customers want - and then making recommendations that you personally know will make their experience a lasting one. 

The Parrillada De Mariscos for two was her recommendation since we both felt like seafood with a Mexican flare. This is a sizzling fajita style fish platter with scallops, white fish, shrimp, onions, and whole roasted jalapeños.  I wasn't courageous enough to bite into a whole jalapeño, but the flavor seeped into the seafood adding just that right amount of temperature and flavor to the combination of seafood. Plus, some color on top of all that sizzling yummy seafood whiteness was definitely well needed. 

The tortillas were offered in either flour or corn. We were able to watch the tortillas being made fresh in the corner of the restaurant. The restaurant also has flowers throughout in beautiful vases. 

Dessert was heavenly fried ice cream. I have had Mexican fried ice cream before at other Mexican restaurants, but this was scrumptious. The corn flakes seemed to coat the French vanilla ice cream like a puzzle. Then it was lightly drizzled with chocolate sauce and topped with whipped cream - and yes, a maraschino cherry.

I will come visit again!