The gentrification of Phoenix has spread north unto Sunny Slope, akin to Sherman's march to the sea, the innumerable losses of life and conflagrations abound like the corpses strewn amongst the final scenes of 'Platoon". The great leviathan of progress and financial renovation knows no mercy and woe be to those who don't see the sign of the times a-changin' for their days are numbered. We can lament the yuppie businesses that are springing up in the area, making it safer for the starch collared subarbanites and their sticker family bedazzled suv's mobilizing panzer tank like amongst the parking lots and neighborhood streets that for so long were home to middle class families of largely salt of the earth ethnic backgrounds starkly contrasted to their invaders; or we can look to restaurants like Paquime and find a glimmer of hope.
 Sleek, modern, unblemished and fastitiously tidy, Paquime has the feel of a scottsdale establishment, but the charm of a hole in the wall Slope mexi-street food joint. This is the first generation, slowly assimilating itself into a more milquetoast homogenized american cultura. That being said, this first generation still speaks spanish and remembers the ways of its parentage.
 Paquime is muy autentica, and reminds me of family trips to puerto penasco, before cartel violence scared American families from returning. Street tacos and tortas, helados and paletas, home made aguas frescas, some varieties of pan dulce. The attention to detail and the love and care cooked into every morsel is abundantly clear. The staff all smiles and thoroughly amicable. 
 I took my mother here for mothers day last sunday and we gorged ourselves, well I gorged myself, she ate a portion of her flautas picking and pecking at them birdlike and insisted I finish the remainders. I ordered a torta milanesa, breaded beef avocado tomato and lettuce on a freshly baked bolillo roll. Supplementing that was an order of tacos de pescado, panko dusted fresh white cod,halibut,? not sure, but at any rate succulent and decilious. I devoured my meal rapaciously, not forgetting to note little acoutrements included with my order- a char grilled green onion and poblano chile with a tiny pickled jalapeno. Little things like these make my heart swell, I am a simple man.
 Paquime is my new mistress after the death of my beloved Tacos Atoyac, and while I will remember Atoyac fondly I've moved on.