YUMMY YUMMY in my TUMMY.

I must say that I have been waiting for this spot to open up for some time now. I must also say that it was a little bit bitter sweet because they are now inhabiting the infamous prior home of Maui Dog (may they rest in peace). 

This could have worked out badly for them for a 3 reasons. 1. Typically, when I am REALLY excited about a new spot, I tend to hold them to a higher standard than I normally would. 2. I went into a rather deep depression when Maui Dog went out of business making reason one all the more unfair to this new business. 3. This is a burger and taco place. I will tear your sh-t apart if your food isn't up to snuff. There is some serious competition on the area for both of these major food groups.

To be honest, I went in there thinking, "This place BETTER be GREAT" and thank you Baby Jesus IT WAS.

From the decor, to the menu, to the staff, this place was absolutely great. FYI, it is a very small restaurant but they did an excellent job revamping it. Very slick, with a white, blue and grey motif. They do also have a small patio (near replica to the one at Over Easy in style, but smaller). Oh, they have a drive through too!

The menu was small also, which I like. In sales they teach us to KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid), and they did just that.

Here's the menu: burger, taco, fries or shake. Me LOVE it. 

The burger either comes with cheese or without. I got mine with (duh). Damn it was good. It is more of a double cheese burger. Instead of one fat patty, they use two, with two corresponding layers of yummy cheese.

The style is similar to an In and Out double-double (meat, cheese, toppings, bun, everything), but closer to the size of Del Frisco's cheese burger. If you really want a good comparison, and are lucky enough to have been to the Iconic Manhattan hole in the wall "Burger Joint", this burger is a near exact copy. THIS IS A GOOD THING FOLKS. A VERY good thing!

FYI you can also add bacon, grilled onions, or grilled jalapenos to your burger if you like, but I was feeling plain today and, since it was my first time, wanted to get a feeling for their standard and work up from there.

I've said "I must say" twice in this review already, BUT, I MUST SAY, that I was very impressed. 

It is hard for me to swallow (he he) a $15 dollar burger. This quality with this price point was refreshing.

I got fries with my burger that were very good. I ended up sending the first batch back though (I hate doing that) because they were unbelievably salty. I am kind of a salt fiend so if I think something is too salty, it definitely is. They hand cut their fries fresh, and leave the skin on which I think is a nice touch. They do a much better job of this than In and Out does. The salt they use is a cracked sea salt (big chunks, so easy to overdo it) and my first batch was covered. The second batch came out perfectly salted. 

To wash it all down I got a Mexican Coke in the bottle which is always fun.

As mentioned, they do offer tacos at about $2.50 each. They have a Chicken, a Veggie, and a Short rib which will be reviewed and devoured after my next visit. Shakes too, but I'm not a sweets guy so you'll have to find info on that elsewhere.

The staff was cheery and as eager to help as I was to eat. I will definitely be back.

See you there soon.

PS, Yelpers GO HERE. Support this small local business. Don't let it fall to the same fate as Maui Dog, R.I.P.