A buddy and I stumbled across this joint just by luck; it's easy to miss, hidden in a strip joint on Bell.  

Walked in and I immediately knew this was something different.  There were simply tables and chairs, and a place to order your food, and then sit down and eat... just eat.  Gone were all the pretentious crap that some places toss in in order to justify the silly prices they charge for something as simple as a hamburger.  It was refreshing because here was a place that clearly was playing by it's own rules, and not some chain of silly, overpriced, restaurants that are popping up everywhere nowadays.  I often wonder how some of these a-hole chains came into being.

Dream sequence begins... 

Corporate douchebag:  "Hey, let's open a chain of hamburger joints.  What can we do where we can offer up average, crappy food but charge a ton of money for it?"

Intern, saying as a joke:  "We could give them free peanuts!"

Corporate douche:  "That's it!  What do we call it? "

Intern looks up in surprise:  "I was just kidding!  No one will pay twice as much for a hamburger just because you give them free peanuts!"

C.D.:  "Billy, let me explain to you how some people think.  You see, they will go for anything that appears trendy as long as you can convince them that simply charging twice as much for something makes them feel like they are in a special place- a place for special people just like them."  

Intern:  "That's crazy.  Are you telling me that people will pay more for something merely for the pleasure of thinking that just by eating at that place they will somehow feel better about themselves, when in reality they are just idiots who are wasting their money on crappy, overpriced food?"

C.D. "You're right, Billy. No one in their right mind would pay $10 dollars for a hamburger... with one exception:  certain people who live meaningless lives who think they are 'special' by discovering that 'new' and 'trendy' place that will make them feel special, even if just momentarily.  They'll still be the losers that they are, but that's where we come in and manipulate their meaningless life by convincing them that there really must be something special about our restaurant because why else would we be able to charge such absurd prices for something as simple as hamburger and fries?"

Intern:  "Well, that's just sad. You are catering to the lowest level of people's insecurities simply so they can feel like they fit in; it's manipulative and unethical.  You'll be lucky to find five guys out of 100 that are stupid enough to fall for something so ridiculous."

C.D. "Billy, you're a genius... a f'&*^ing genius!"

Well, this ISN"T Wall Street and NO free peanuts. They sell food - EXCELLENT food. Their hamburger (bacon cheeseburger actually with smoked cheese) was FANTASTIC!  Fries were great, with some special seasoning that I couldn't quite make out, but made them a little spicy and yet sweet at the same time.  My buddy had the tacos and practically inhaled them.

Good parking.  Stop and get a handmade ice cone for desert afterwards at the place in the parking lot.