So great to see Viva Mercado's is back in action.  The new place in the village square in Summerlin is a perfect location with ample parking, a movie theater close by, and plenty of shopping.  

The restaurant has a great vibe to it with an open dining room split into two sections and a good sized bar separated just enough from the dining area.  The atmosphere is a perfect blend of privacy without feeling too detached from the crowd.  The decor is a good mix of traditional Mexican flare and a modern sophisticated feel. Unlike some other Mexican places I've been the entertainment level of mariachi doesn't overpower the room or your table conversation.

The menu has all the traditional fare that I remember from the old location and the prices for the food are definitely reasonable.  The bar is stocked with plenty of tequila choices and margaritas (I'm partial to the Cadillac with Don Julio on the rocks with salt).

The chips, beans, and salsa they provide to the table hit the spot to start the meal.  The chips are always fresh and the salsa is a tomato based that isn't too chunky and just enough spice. If you are looking for a little starter the guacamole is a good addition to the chips and so is the queso fundido. The fideo soup has a great broth to pasta ratio and comes to the table piping hot.

I'm a big fan of the cheese enchiladas and Chile rellenos because they are expertly crafted, just enough sauce and cheese.  The rellenos batter is delicious.  You can't go wrong with the carnitas or Chile Colorado too.

One of the best parts of the experience is the staff. Even though they just reopened the staff is well trained and ready even when its packed.  Everyone was friendly from the host station to the server.  They all made sure the glasses stayed full and the chips and salsa were never empty, even if they weren't assigned to our table.

Overall kudos to viva for:
1. Reopening (missed you guys)
2. Great location with good layout and decor
3.  Awesome food and reasonable prices
4. Deep bar selection and well crafted cocktails
5. Well trained and super friendly staff

I live in Henderson but will gladly make the drive anytime I need my Mexican fix.