We flew in for a Spring Training Week in Phoenix, and had to make sure that we ate at all the best places. So, I pre-scowered YELP and found this great gem. We planned to meet up with a few friends for dinner the night we flew in. Worried that it would be crazy packed, our friends came down and got a table about a half hour ahead of us. The place was fairly crowded and the tiny little parking lot required valet (free) in order to park. 

The first thing you notice when you are going in is that it does not look like your normal building. It looks more like rock mountain walls. Having been warned, I knew the theme here was like a play on words and it was all about the bats. The inside was fun and lively. The bar scene was fairly busy and the decor with lots of signs and bats and the like. Outside on the patio was GREAT. Of course we did not sit out there, because the boys thought it might get cold. There is a covered bar outside. Lots of tables on both sides of a bridge covered moat. Heat lamps are all around in case those winter evenings are cool and there is also a wood burning stone stove off to one side. The pictures I took do not do it justice since I took them in the evening, but I will try to get them up. 

The four of us ordered. One got a steak (it took a little while to get), another got a special with several mexican inspired items on it. I got a vegetarian mexican combo plate and SG got a portabello sandwich. The servings were big and the staff was great about keeping our drinks and water refreshed. Everything was delicious. I especially liked my chili relleno and enchilada on my plate. They were sooo good. The tamale from the other plate was great too. I opted out of trying the sandwich, even though I will eat a rare portabello. I am otherwise very anti-mushroom. 

We hung out for several hours just enjoying the evening with friends that we had not seen for a long time. The bar picked up pace and the dining customers diminished. There was very little activity going on outside when we went to leave, but we did go outside and check it out. What a great place to meet with friends and be outside on a warm evening. 

I highly recommend checking this place out. Another friend told me the jalapeno burger is killer too, but we didnt get around to trying that one. Maybe next time!!!