Craving TJ style tacos at 4 AM while on the Vegas strip?  This is the place to be for your taco craving in the City of Sin.  Finally, I found a place in Vegas who serves street tacos and is open after a night of drunken bliss.  We stumbled into there about 4 AM and saw the line pouring outside the door on a Saturday night/Sunday morning.  A crowd mainly comprised of Latin descent and a good mixture of other cultures was a clear indication that this was the place to be for authentic street tacos.  

READ THIS PORTION CAREFULLY!!!!!

Okay so when you make your approach to the restaurant you need to determine what kind of tacos you want.  From what I remember (I was pretty inebriated), there were three UNIDENTIFIED lines.  Starting from the left as you face the kitchen, line #1 consisted of the carne asada line.  You tell your order to the taco chef but be aware that the designated lines represent the specific type of meat you want on your food.  Line #2 is the adobada line, and #3 is the tripas and cabeza line.  There were other types of meats but I can't remember which line you can get them at.

So if you are a taco eating machine like myself, you want to try all the meats strictly for the purposes of providing fellow yelpers a true, well educated opinion on the good and the bad of services provided to the general public, more specifically an educated opinion from me regarding street tacos.  Not to nurse your future hangover in Vegas, because hangovers NEVER happen in the City of Sin.  

Unless you only want one type of meat on your tacos, be sure to tacticallly plan your approach to the taco masters and be sure you are in the right line.  Unfortunately we learned the hard way and did not split our resources to different lines.  We ordered the asada tacos and had to fall in the tripas line to score my tripas, cabeza, and adobada  taco fix.  I wasn't  going to fall in the herrendous adobada line, so I worked smarter not harder and had someone much better looking than me who wore heels and had bigger and better goods for these taco guys to look at than my taco eating mug place the adobada taco order even though she was in the tripas line.  Apparently it worked because we scored what we wanted.  Till next time Tacos El Gordo.....We shall meet again and hopefully I won't have to resort to the egotistical motto that women always get what they want and how men use them.