I lived in DC for a while, so I am a frequent visitor to Jose Andres' restaurants and an avid fan.  I was really excited to try his new restaurant in Vegas, and it did not disappoint!  I came here with a group of 4 people, and we ordered 11 dishes I believe + 2 desserts.  They have a few chefs working at the front of the restaurant so people walking by can watch them make handmade tortillas and hand pulled noodles.  They also have two take out windows with a smaller menu that you can order from.  The decor is modern with Chinese and Mexican elements and made me think of something I would see in an Urban Outfitters catalog or on display at the MoMA.

The guacamole and hand made tortillas were to die for!  I could have just eaten guacamole for dinner.  And they have the best tortillas I've ever had.  My favorite presentation was the scallop ceviche, which they place on a carmelized key lime.  They lightly spray vodka on it, you eat the scallop, and then squeeze the lime into your mouth.  Almost like taking a tequila shot.  I also thought the hand pulled noodles were amazing and cooked to perfection.  We ordered the Unruly Monk soup, and it was very light and refreshing, but at the same time, full of vegetables.  I would probably come here for lunch and order just that and maybe a small side dish.  We also ordered another soup, Caldo Tlalpeno, which I thought was more fusion, and I also enjoyed that soup as well.

We ordered the Nice, but Naughty dish with lotus root and pea shoots which doesn't taste very Chinese because the pea shoots were somewhat raw but I enjoyed it nonetheless.  I also enjoyed the Chicken Ji Song and liked the presentation of it, especially with the fried sweet potato on top.  We tried a bunch of different tacos, and I think flavorwise, I liked the beef tendon and it was melt in your mouth tender, but also the greasiest taco out of all of them.  We didn't end up order any dim sum because I knew I could probably eat tastier (and cheaper) dim sum in Chinatown.

We ordered the flan and the happy buddha giggling taking a bath.  The flan is deliciously creamy and easily one of the best flans I've ever had.  The happy buddha is really cute and he really is taking a bath!  It's one of the most entertaining desserts I've ever had.  It isn't your normal jello.  They make it from scratch with fresh strawberries and use seaweed extract instead of gelatin, and it has a very smooth flavor.  It's very refreshing at the end of a huge meal.

The dishes aren't that expensive but they do add up very quickly, and we ended up spending more than I wanted to, but it was definitely a fun and enjoyable experience, not to mention yummy!