What a great place.  My fiancee and I were in Las Vegas on vacation and wanted to eat some authentic Mexican food like we do back at home, and this was what our friends suggested (although there was another location with a better view but we couldn't get the GPS to find it).

The inside of the restaurant is comfortable, nothing fancy just your typical layout.  The server we had was polite and very helpful.  We ordered the Guacamole appetizer and I knew we were in for a treat when he came out and made it right in front of us after asking us how we would like it tailored.  It was fantastic, probably the best guacamole I've had.  Unfortunately this lead us to eating three baskets of chips, but that's the side effect of being in Vegas and not being able to control the pig-out factor everyday.

I really wish I hadn't eaten that many chips though, because the meal I got was crazy delicious.  They have a lot of menu choices and a lot of specials, all of which sounded great, so I didn't really know where to begin.  I was contemplating between two of the chicken dishes and asked the waiter what he preferred.  He pointed me to a third dish; the Pollo Sarandeado, which turned out to be right up my alley so I'm glad he persuaded.  I was skeptical at first, as the sauce was a blend of peppers and some kind of mayo which I'm not typically a fan of, but this was sublime.  It turned out to be one of those meals where you can't stop eating even though you're so full but then you stop anyways because you're THAT full.  I took the rest back to the hotel in a doggy bag and then forgot I didn't have a fridge to put it in.  Sad times.  Bottom line though, get the Pollo Sarandeado.  My fiancee had one of the burritos and she was equally happy.

The drinks came around a little slow, but they have a team of waiters and usually the ones that aren't yours will still be good about refilling chips and keeping an eye on things.  Overall, I wasn't bothered by the speed at all and the food / politeness more then made up for it.  Really happy I tried this place and I'll easily give it a big recommendation to any visitors.