Wahoo's in a nutshell is Healthy CaliMex. When I want to eat a more Healthier Meal Wahoo's is one of choices. I like to order the Wahoo's Salad with Grilled Fish. I will admit that sometimes the Fish had been Overcooked in the past, but seems to have been improving lately. I've also tried the Power Chopper Salad as well, but I like the Wahoo's Salad because of the Guacamole. 

Their New Citrus Slaw Taco is really delicious. But the Original Taco is still good. Again I choose the Grilled Fish. I tried the Cajun but it just wasn't a flavor I was fond of.

The Outer Reef Burrito is quite good. I've had it with the Grilled Chicken and Guacamole and Sour Cream.

The Baja-Ladas weren't too bad, I wasn't expecting them to be on the Colder side. I guess it's because of the Fresh Spinach. Maybe of it was Hot Sautéed Spinach I probably would have liked it more.

My friend gets the Tofu with his meals and I liked the Tofu very much.

Besides this location I've also eaten at the Boca Park and one near Sea World in San Diego. What was great about that location was the SD weather and eating Outdoors. It's too bad this location has no Outdoor Dining areas, but Vegas has Very Few days of the year that has nice weather, it's either Too Hot, Too Cold or Too Windy. But what I like about this location is that it's Very Close to my Work, And we get a Company Discount!

The Atmosphere is very SoCal. I Love the Skateboarding Decor, brings back memories of when I used to Skateboard and Boogieboard as a kid and spent my Summers and Spring Breaks visiting relatives in San Diego back in the 80s. They have Stickers and Posters everywhere depicting famous Skateboarding, Surfing, and Snowboarding Brands. The back walk will project Videos of Skateboarding, Surfing, etc.

There is a Bar area located inside its own area from the main Dining room.

The Dining Room and Restrooms are always clean and tidy. The Staff is Friendly and Attentive.

I've always had a great experience here and I hope to continue this streak for my future visits.