Crescent Ballroom has been one of my favorite downtown Phoenix locations since I first moved to AZ nearly three years ago. In the time between then and now, I have been to Crescent Ballroom for tons of music shows and even a literary function (Spillers)!

FOOD / DRINK

For all the times I've visited, I have YET to try the food. How screwed up is that!? I'll have to change that here sometime soon... I have, however, partaken of the bar menu, which is wonderfully diverse. I'm a single malt scotch guy, so seeing multiple scotch options at a venue bar gets me excited. The beer list is also pleasingly varied.

VENUE

But enough about food/drink. What about the venue? As a venue, Crescent Ballroom holds my #1 favorite spot. They host such a wide range of bands and seem to have a really good eye for new "indie" music that's trendy and relevant.

SOUND

Sound is the biggest factor for whether or not I can enjoy my time at a music venue. Having been a musician myself, I know all that goes into a solid audio mix. I am VERY pleased to report that Crescent Ballroom has consistently featured the most professional sound engineering. I'm super picky about this, so being able to depend on them for a good mix means a lot! I'm quite certain the bands who play here feel the same.

BALLROOM

The ballroom features plenty of standing room, a bar all its own, bleachers (!), and typically multiple water dispensers at various locations within the ballroom so you don't have to wait for ages at the bar just to "order" a cup of water when you're parched from drinking/singing/screaming.

PARKING

Even parking isn't that big of a deal at Crescent Ballroom because they have a decent-sized lot of their own in addition to plenty of street parking within easy walking distance.

CONCLUSION

To this day, I can't say I've had a single bad experience at Crescent Ballroom. If you haven't been, I recommend that you keep an eye on their music calendar and find an excuse to catch a concert. If you'd rather not wait, then go enjoy a dinner on the patio! You're likely to be surprised by a small performance of some kind and, even if you're not, I'm sure you'll agree that the atmosphere and service alone are reason enough to consider the trip worthwhile.

Thank you, Crescent Ballroom team, for working so hard to provide an enjoyable experience. You've been great. Can't wait to see you again really soon!