Just moved to the area and haven't got to visit any local restaurants in the downtown Gilbert area until Saturday 10/10. We came across this location as we were in the mood for some Mexican food. 
Fairly busy at about 3:30 in the afternoon which made it seem to us, like it was a pretty popular hang out for the locals. I'd say the atmosphere is like a retro, chic, cool contemporary concept throughout this restaurant. From the style & theme/ to the menu they offer, it's different ( in a really good way).
Our server was Breezy, With an adorable flower head band & all: She was pleasant, fun and informative. 
We first thought there wasn't much to the menu, that was until we tried the food- WOW!!
Happy Hour was going on-so all draft beers by the pitcher were $5 each! Sweet!
Complementary chips & salsa made a quick appearance at our table!
I ordered the Nacho's as my " main meal" ( no meat) but they do offer chicken or steak at an additional charge). I replaced the avocado & sub'd it for guacamole (extra fee). Crispy fried flour tortillas lightly salted & topped with delicious fixings that included a creamy lime aioli- Amazing!
We also ordered a burrito called "the beast" and they give the option to deep fry it: "chimichanga style! "Yes please!! It was killer!"
"Lastly"; three tacos that come out on a silver slotted taco rack. Many varieties of meats to choose from. Ordered the braised beef, baja fish & tinga chicken. ALL were incredible! Accompanied by an orange cucumber salad that is extremely unique!
A MEMORABLE Dessert: called the "Better than Bettie's, Mexican chocolate brownie plus Cajeta (a creamy warm caramel sauce)  w/ Dulce De Leche ice cream- Deliciously Devine!  
Presentation of ALL our meals was not only eye appealing, but the taste "tummy tantalizing"!! LOL. 
Service  by the staff was above & beyond. Not only was our waitress good we were always followed up by Jacy: professional & very well informed of product & store knowledge. Bartender was involved by making an appearance @ our table to deliver a pitcher to us!
Way to go guys, place is super edgy, fun & fabulous!
We will be back soon!