This place might be the most chaotic taco shop you've ever stepped foot into, but it might be the best you've ever had. 

Before you enter, know that there are three separate lines for food. Each line represents a variety of different meats - just take a gander at the sign in front of each window to see if your favorite protein falls under that category. The crappy part? If you want multiple types, then you need to stand in different lines. That's why the buddy system works wonders, especially if you all want a little of everything. Even then we still ended up consuming partially cold food because we were greedy and wanted stuff from each of the queues in the restaurant.

I heard this is a step up from the previous location that had almost no seating. We came on a Friday night and it was definitely jam packed with peeps, but we were able to secure a table for four without any problems. Again, this is where the buddy system comes into play and everyone needs to do their due diligence - it's almost fun how you all need to work together to ensure you don't starve at the end of it all.

I would run down each of the taco meats we had, but the spicy pork, chorizo and asada variations were all delicious. Not only that, they were STUFFED with meat and I had to eat some with a fork before trying to finish it off with my hands. No complaints as every morsel was absolutely fantastic. I do think the extra love and flavor comes from their amazing handmade, in-house created tortillas. Those things were perfecto in my eyes.

One thing that is a must is their asada fries. You're able to get it with any meat, but the beef was fab. We got the large to share amongst four, full grown adults and we barely finished. We were so full after the various tacos we had just pounded that it took a lot of courage and energy to muster up the strengeth to finish this heaping amount of delicious fries topped with steak, guac, cheese, and sour cream. You're gonna feel like you're about to give birth when you're done, but every bite is worth the pain you'll feel after over eating.

Parking is a cinch as they share spaces with a huge shopping center.

If you're in Vegas, you have to check this place out. It's delicious!