WHY DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS PLACE SOONER???

What's wrong with me! I'm usually on top of these things, and I've been missing out this entire time. During my trips to Vegas, I spend most of my time at Encore and for the longest time I did not know about Tacos El Gordo. The boyfriend heard from a friend about this place, because it was one of his favorite places in Vegas in terms of food. 

ARE WE AT THE ZOO?
The boyfriend and I came during lunch, and the place was a zoo!!! Where to order your food may be quite confusing at first, but if you look there are signs at each station that tell you what they're making. So, you just go to the correct station and tell them what you want, and they'll make it for you. 

While we were waiting for our tacos, I noticed an employee wiping the stainless steel walls by the grill stations down with a towel. Then my eyes started to wander around the entire kitchen, and I noticed that the ENTIRE KITCHEN WAS SPOTLESS! Holy crap!! This place was clean as hell, which means NO DIARRHEA. YES!!!

After we were given all the food we ordered, we walked over to one of the two cashier stations to pay for the food. Yes, so you get your food first and then bring your tray to a cashier where they will ring you up. This is where you can order your drinks. 

OUTDOOR SEATING
With the number of people inside, I was surprised that there was a good number of tables available. I was expecting the table and seats to be filled with leftover food from the people who previously sat there, BUT there was nothing. Again, spotless! The tables are sitting under a big tent, so don't worry about birds crapping on your head or trying to steal your food. 

LUNCH IS MY FAVORITE PART OF THE DAY
Between the boyfriend and I, we had one spicy pork taco, 3 carne asada tacos and one half order of their carne asada fries. I've been to so many taco trucks and taquerias in San Francisco, and usually the dirtier the place the better it tastes. But Tacos El Gordo was clean, and it tasted even better than most of the taco trucks and taquerias I've been to in SF!! =X 

CONCLUSION
Like I said many times in this review, and I'll say it again, this place is very clean. Even their stainless steel garbage cans sitting outside are clean, not a spot to be found! With that being said, if you're afraid of getting mud butt, Hersey squirts, bubble guts, the runs or whatever else you want to call it, because you've eaten dirty tacos from a dirty taco truck or taqueria, you won't have to worry here! You can get the same delicious tacos without worrying about having the run to the bathroom later. Haha, that sounded like a commercial. 

Anyways, I'll definitely be coming back for more tacos in the future. I love tacos, and I love that there is a legit place on The Strip I can go to, to get it! :) I want a taco now.