I am so happy that I came across this gem! My friend and I were driving over for some bubble tea at Lollicup and decided to get some dinner beforehand. The place is very authentic, and the guys behind the counter are awesome. They were very friendly, and after coming in a few times, we were greeted as "amigos!" and they always wanted to know what we were up to. 

The food here is great. You pick what ever food item(s) you want off the menu at the counter up front, and take your tray over to the adjacent seating area. The menu is very large and authentic. I personally enjoy getting a chicken burrito. The burrito is huge, definitely over 2 times the size of a burrito at Chipotle. They also don't fill it with rice and beans to cover the lack of meat that Chipotle gets away with. The guys here fill the burrito to the breaking point with all the goodies. I would also recommend getting either chicken, beef, or spicy pork tacos. They are authentic flat tacos with onion, cilantro, pico de gallo and whatever else you want on them. They have a fountain for beverages, but they have Mexican Coca Cola with real sugar (my favorite) and bottled water in a fridge in the back. The chips they serve are great. You can get red or green salsa to accompany your chips, along with radishes and limes. They have fresh roasted jalapenos that are amazing with anything.

To address Krashawnda N's concerns. The chicken quality is perfect. You may not like dark meat, but I personally find no issues with the chicken. It is grilled and seasoned and tastes delicious. As for your "Bizarre Foods" comment... I guess you've never been to a Middle Eastern restaurant before, or know what Shawarma is. What you saw was most likely Al pastor, which is Shawarma adopted from Lebanese immigrants in Mexico. I have never seen them serving it, but I do see  the bare machine in the window by the grill each time I go in.

In conclusion, this place is awesome. I believe is is open to 11pm throughout the week which is 2x as awesome. If you are in the area, and are craving Mexican food, it is definitely worth a stop.