Phoenix's Bianco's is widely acknowledged as the best pizza in the country, and Barrio's Cafe should too rank at or near the top for "Best Mexican."

We arrived on a busy Thursday night and sat outside with some drinks while we waited.  Much to our surprise, their version of complimentary salsa/chips was actually a basket of crusty French bread and tapenade.   Perhaps the chef's way of quietly letting you know that this meal is not going to be what you were expecting.   And the margaritas they make here are the real deal....no cheap sugary mixes; just perfectly balanced fresh, high quality ingredients...  not overly strong nor watered down.  Thankfully, the 45 minute wait ended up only being about 25 minutes, and we were quickly ushered out of the cold.  Why does it have to be so cold when I visit Phoenix?

Once we got inside, we immediately ordered more drinks and an appetizer.  The guacamole was prepared for us by our server table-side.  Nice touch with the pomegranate seeds, and I was delighted to see the chips were homemade.  It was so good that we quietly fought each other over it.   And by the way, our server was the rare type that you do not see much today:  very professional and efficient without the fake friendliness we all despise.      

Normally, I detest live music in a restaurant, but I found myself really enjoying  the two musicians who were playing this night.    The singer's tenor voice had a really nice timbre to it, and the music was entertaining without being obtrusive.    

We ended up ordering two of the three things our server recommended, and he definitely steered us in the right direction. 

I love mole and have trouble passing it by when I see it on a menu, but this version was absolutely mind blowing.   Mole Negro is a pretty scary looking dish, but at least they tried to make it look presentable with some thoughtful garnishes.  Nothing greatly original about topping the black sauce with sesame seeds and red onions, but you would be surprised how many restaurants skip this much needed step.    Very large portions with about 5 or 6 individual enchiladas  and a generous side of grilled zucchini.    

I sampled the Enchiladas del Mar and immediately got jealous I had not ordered this. I love goat cheese and these are loaded.  Why don't more Mexican restaurants dabble with this type of cheese?     I think it has something to do with cost, of course.  This place may be a tad expensive but stop complaining:  you get what you pay for and this place is worth every penny.  And I can say that especially since I was being treated by my sister and husband for my birthday.

The Enchilada de Suiza looked very cheesy, but unlike the crappy topping you find on most everything in Tex-Mex joints, this was actually very tasty with good texture.    This is Mexico's version of comfort food.  

We ended the evening with Crepes with goat's milk caramel.  Another great recommendation from our server.    This desert could easily be my last meal.

I guess it wasn't until the end of the meal when I finally looked up and started noticing all the great original artwork on the wall.   Wow, every aspect of this restaurant is truly first class.