We recently hit up Ciudad (Susan Feniger's DTLA restaurant) and felt it was imperative we try Border Grill the restaurant before we meet the food truck bearing the same name. Got hooked up on Restaurants.com for a wickedly good deal. Check before you go anywhere new!

Located inside Mandalay Bay, all the way on the remote ass side by the convention center and the pool, is Border Grill. Sorta feels like a reject location since you pass like 18 sub-par restaurants on the way there. 
Anyway...we sat on the patio despite it being 100+ degrees at 7:30 pm. They have the biggest ceiling fan in the world (it seems) and the patio faces Mandalay's pool so if they're having a concert, you can hear it for free AND enjoy your food! 

Service was amazing from the waitress (Thank you Alicia!) down to the busboys/water people. 

Basically Border Grill offers fancified Mexican/Central/South American foods...a slight fusion if you wish. 

I HAD to order the Sweet Tea Vodka Arnold Palmer drink. They make their own lemonade AND infused vodka with black tea leaves?! Delicious. 
We snacked on fresh (and perfectly crunchy) chips with three different types of salsa. We ordered guacamole as our appetizer not anticipating we would be getting more appetizers with our meal. Guacamole was perfectly seasoned, no sour cream or mayo or whatever some places put in it...just perfect. We probably ate 3 baskets of chips. 

Chose the Top Chef prix fixe dinner. Basically it comes with a preset trio appetizer and your choice of any entree and any dessert on the entire menu, including specials. MOST excellent! 

Appetizer Trio- Sweet corn tamal, Beef Brisket taquito and a black bean+plantain+cheese empanada. 

Almost full at this point but so eagerly anticipating my Pistachio crusted Ahi with Poblano risotto that I actually have the foresight to save room!

I was kinda wary about the pistachio tuna but thought it was so out of the box for me that it couldn't possibly be ruined. And it wasn't. 

The only thing was that they stressed that the tuna would be lightly seared, but I received it fully cooked through, possibly even slightly overdone. But somehow it maintained its moisture and it was incredibly delicious. 

Banana flan. As if flan could be better? Wow...somehow I found room for this in my stretched-thin stomach. 
Beautiful meal.