There aren't a ton of restaurants and are ABSOLUTELY PHENOMINAL.  This is one and, dare I say, is the best mexican food in AZ.

I've written a fair amount of reviews and this one is likely to sound gushy enough to make my wife jealous.

Their chips are made fresh.  Not made fresh that day.  MADE FRESH FOR YOU, right when you order them.  They charge $1 for a very large basket.  Salsa is free.

The only thing I am not a fan of there is their red salsa, but thier green is so damn good and so damn hot.  I pay, but its worth it.

Ok, now the beans. Oh my God!  They are so creamy and perfect.  I highly suggest you order a side to go along with your chips.  I live a solid 30 miles from this place and will drive here JUST for the beans.  My wife loves beans so much.  Its almost unnatural.  She could seriously sit down with a plate of beans, thats it, and be happy.

She get absoluely giddy when she knows we are gonig here.

Rellenos.  Oh my God AGAIN.  I can't even describe how wonderful they are.  They really are unlike any other restaurant's I've ever had.  First off, they are huge. Secondly they use a batter that fries up so light and puffy.  So you have this slightly crisy, kinda fluffy exterior surrounding strips of relleno pepper with the most luscious, ooey gooey cheese in the center.  I dump a ton of their green salsa on top and just go to town.  All you'll here from me are moans and sighs or delight once it is put in front of me until I'm done.  They actually continue a god 30 minutes after I leave as I replay the feast in my mind.  WOW

The chicken enchiladas are perfection, the machaca is oh so good, tacos are cripsy goodness.

Here's my order...  Chips with green salsa and a side of beans while I wait for my a la cart cheese relleno and either a chicken enchilada with green sauce (not salsa) or a machaca taco.  Depends on what mood I'm in.

If I eat the whole thing for lunch.  I don't eat dinner.

There are only a couple places that really deliver every time like Rosita's does.

MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM

DAMN I LOVE THIS PLACE!!