JD invades AZ Day 1:

Rokerij (pronounced Ro-k-ray and is the Dutch Word for Smokehouse (which raises a whole slew of questions that I won't get into) is listed as one of "Arizona's 50 Best Restaurants" by one of the local food bloggers (Ricky Lee Potts). It also came highly recommended by my Dad, and knowing how picky he is, I knew I had to check this place out. 

Appetizers/Small Plates:

Bacon-Wrapped Scallops- I saw this as one of the review highlights and knew I had to have it. The BWS were huge, cooked perfectly and they are served with four amazing sauces that are the Chef's choice for the night. On this night they were 2 kinds of Green Salsa, Red Salsa and a Hollandaise sauce. My clear favorites were the Hollandaise and the Red Salsa but they were all good. 5*

Pan-Seared Salmon- Small bite-sized pieces of Salmon with a Chipotle-Mayo. The Salmon itself could've used some seasoning but the Chipotle-Mayo was excellent. 4*

Santa Fe Trail:

Carne Adovada- Smoked Pork shoulder that's simmered in a Red Chile sauce and served with Rice and Beans. The Rice and Beans were pretty standard, but the Pork itself was excellent. It literally seemed to get better and better as the meal went on but it also got progressively hotter and hotter as the meal went on; I was sweating like Britney Spears on Jeopardy by the time I was done eating. 4.5*

Chile Potato- Apparently this is one of the dishes that Rokerij is famous for. It's a fire-roasted green Hatch Chile that's stuffed with a mashed potato mixture. I'm not sure if I had it on an off-night, or what, but it just didn't do it for me. I mean everything was there for a stupendous dish but there just wasn't any flavor. I had my sis and Bro-in-law try some just to verify it wasn't me and they agreed it was a fail. 2*

Beverages- Rokerij has a really impressive wine selection -which I'm not really into- and a mediocre beer selection; I was not impressed with their draft selection. They also have an über-cool underground (literally and figuratively!) bar that is separate from the restaurant itself; I can imagine the shenanigans that ensue there! 4*

Service & Ambiance- Our waitress was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable about the menu because my sister always has questions (Oy gevalt...) and she answered them all quickly and to her satisfaction. Rokerij is very dark; has a nice wood and brick interior; and even has a fireplace going at all times--which is kinda odd seeing that it's in Arizona. The ambiance is definitely set for a date night kinda mood: very romantic and sexy--not the place you wanna bring a precocious 3-year-old (Whoops!). 4.75*

Value- Pretty good value for a really nice place like this. I'd say the avg entrée runs anywhere from $15-30; which is pretty good for high quality food. 4*

If you're looking for a great restaurant to impress a special someone; a place to celebrate a special event; or even something as casual as a date night then this is the place for you. I wouldn't recommend bringing kids with you as it's just not a kid friendly place and that's ok, too. You don't have to take the little monsters everywhere.