Wow reviews are all over the place for the Border Grill.  I think this is a make sure you order the right thing kind of place and after reading all the glowing reviews about the Carnitas, I sure did.  Do your homework people, that's what Yelp is for.

I've been on a non-strip dining kick lately and down on the expensive absentee Celebrity Chef Restaurants that adorn every mega resort.  So I was pleasantly surprised that Susan Feniger & Mary Sue Milliken's Border Grill in the Mandalay Bay is serving up some great dishes worthy of the Top Chef Master's themselves.  Of course they aren't back in the kitchen, but everything I had tasted like they were.  Hats off to executive chef Michael Minor and his staff for putting a lot of love into these dishes.  I'm sure when you work in a celebrety chef's kitchen, it's hard to get any notoriety, even though you are the one making all the food.

If you've watched Susan & Mary Sue on TV over the years, you know they are about ultra fresh organic produce.  This is totally evident in their salsa and fresh seasonings mixed in their dishes.  The chips and trio of salsas, were very freshly made.  I usually don't like tomatillo salsa very much, but this was wonderful and my favorite of the three with a beautiful lime taste.  The guacamole was on the mild side allowing you to taste the avocado.  Sitting next to it on the plate was a pico de gallo, and some greens.  I'm not sure what variety, I just balanced a few on each chip along with the pico and guacamole for some extra flavor and texture.  I forgot to snap a photo of my own so here's Tracy W.'s http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/border-grill-las-vegas#Kzcg9JBVMMUfIaA8hkgCkg

The Queso Funditio was very thick, full of melted authentic Mexican cheeses, chorizo, and roasted red peppers.  There was also a nice amount of guacamole cream on top that satisfied both looks and flavor.  Even though their chips are very thick, don't think you are going to be scooping this dip up with the chip, you will need to place it on your chip with a fork. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/border-grill-las-vegas#T5TZf-_vEO56FHmNouqOIw

The star of the show was my Tacate Carnitas.  The shredded pork was moist and very flavorful.  It was served on a bed of roasted corn grits.  These grits were delicious and contained lots of butter for sure.  You could really taste the corn meal flavor to them bringing to mind the flavor of a tamale.  Surrounding the edge of the plate was a bold black bean puree.  The black beans are mixed with huitlacoche, which is a mushroom like fungus that grows on corn.  It has a very earthy flavor that really made these black beans something special.  How do you make a pork dish even better?  Top it with crunchy bacon of course.  Not just any bacon but chipotle glazed bacon.  It really added a texture here that made each bite enjoyable, after all there is a lot of mushy stuff on the plate.  It was served with a giant flour tortilla.  I just ripped pieces off and used it to balance all of these wonderful flavors together with each bite.  This is a true 5 star dish and the best carnitas I've had. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/border-grill-las-vegas#Cz0ORcEa5RD1dpRQHYzCIw

My wife's dish was a little more plain, the Carne Asada Tacos.  I can see being a little disappointed with this dish, especially in comparison with my carnitas.  The chopped up carne asada was a little dry and needed to be dressed up with salsa and topped with some black beans and oaxaca cheese, otherwise it just seemed like plain old street tacos with a $18 price tag.  The two different kinds of rice were nicely infused with fresh herbs, although it added to the dryness of the plate. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/border-grill-las-vegas#pdMM2_CIiWmmresjLS3jcA

We came here for lunch on a weekday, thinking it should be no wait, but was packed.  The location is right next to all the conference rooms at the Mandalay Bay, thus everyone was dressed in suits and trying to grab a quick nearby bite.  After a few minute wait we got a table outside on the patio overlooking the Mandalay Bay Pool.  It wasn't too hot since it was April, but I couldn't help but notice they have a Big Ass Fan that covers the whole patio.  It's the size of an airplane propeller.  It's one Big Ass Fan. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/border-grill-las-vegas#lhl0l6qC71PlGeAfLc012w  I'm now a Big Ass Fan of Border Grill, go have the Tecate Carnitas and you'll be a Big Ass Fan too!