So far, every food item we've had at The Mission has been amazing.  Their must have item is the almejas al vapor.

But for our fourth visit, we went for a four course tequila tasting dinner for $65.  With tip and tax, $85.

Considering we spent that much on most of our "yelp eats" event dinners, all of which were three courses, each far less decadent and with no booze included, this was a GREAT deal...

Dos Lunas was the tequila brand hosting the event...

First Course: Roasted Pork Belly.  We had the pork belly during yelp eats.  That one was intense.  This one was even better!  And spicy from the Chile tepin.  It was on a peanut butter cream sauce, which may sound odd, but the heat, the peanut, the cherry margarita...  Wow.  If that was the best course, I was already satisfied.

First Course Drink: 5 small Cherry Margaritas.  FIVE.  EACH.  YUM.  We kept drinking them before the food got there and they felt compelled to refill us four times. :)  The cherry with the peanut cream sauce meal was an amazing compliment!

Second Course: Even better than the first!  I didn't think it could get better than the pork belly, but it did: Halibut.  It was perfectly cooked and had intense flavor. It was served over risotto that made my spine tingle with every bite!

Second Course Drink: Pineapple Coconut Frozen Margarita.  It was a lot like a pina colada.  Tasty.  Though large it went down fast!  I didn't feel it did anything for the Halibut the way the first drink did for the pork belly.

Third Course: It seemed impossible, but the third course better yet again. Filet Mignon.  And they don't even have that on their menu.  It tasted peppery, buttery, spicy and just so atypically full of flavor!  And of course it was the perfect tenderness.  It was topped with crab that was so succulent I finally had to scoop it off and eat it as two succulent courses to enjoy everything they offered.

Third Course Drink: A flight of three shots of Tequila: Silver, Reposado, Anejo.  The only difference: how long they sit in the barrel. 18 months for the anejo.  Three quick shots of tequila are always a great idea!  And the perfect compliment to that spicy filet.

Fourth Course: Stone Fruit Crumble Cake: the cake was ok.  It was topped with a Rum ice cream that was so potent I felt I was doing shots.  Rum after all that tequila wasn't the most exciting finale.  The dessert was the only let down, but with those first three courses, who cares!! :)

Fourth Course Drink: Iced Espresso Tequila Drink.  I am not a coffee fan, so I had to basically shoot this sucker down.  But everyone else seemed to really enjoy it.

Absolutely worth $85.

And then the finale came.  They let us have a half sized shot of the Dos Lunas Grand Reserve.  A 750ml (25oz) bottle costs $3000.  So a single 1oz shot of that would run over $120 retail, up to $500 in a resort bar.  So all by itself, this was more than we paid for the whole meal!  It tasted more like a cognac and not at all like an 11 year old tequila.  I would never pay that much for a shot, but man it was pretty cool to have.

GREAT event at the Mission.