There are a lot of Taco places starting to bud in Charlotte, but so far Maverick sets the bar high. What most people may not know is that everything is locally sourced. This is how local business is done; sustainability. Coming from an old school farming family (my great grandparents were farmers), I sincerely appreciate this. Salsa's and sauces are made in house (absolutely try the verde' salsa; it's amazing), and their corn tortilla's are locally sourced as well.

As far as the food; I had a plate, which comes with two taco's and one side. You can mix n' match or for $0.25 less you can have two of the same. I went with one Barbacoa Short Rip taco, and one Mojo Pork Carnitas taco. For my side I opted for the rice and beans; but only because they were out of this "amazing corn" that I keep hearing about. To their credit, we came at a somewhat odd hour for lunch (2:30 roughly), but you should always have your "signature" items stocked. This didn't impact the score overall (in my opinion) because the other food items were so strong and overall it was an outstanding experience. I also had two margarita's; the house and the blood orange and I was able to try their Spicy Cilantro Lime Fries (which comes with the same sauce drizzled over the Street Mexican Corn).

All of the food was fantastic! I was worried that the Barbacoa and Carnita's would be too similar in nature, but the way that they are prepared...make no mistake, they are far from the same. Those Mojo taco's were surprisingly good (they were a good mix of sweet and smoky with a tiny bit of kick), and the Barbacoa taco's were very close to what I was expecting (smoky and tangy with a very light hint of pickled favor from the onions). Absolutely perfect. The Rice and Beans were also good; you can tell that they take their time with the rice; I'd almost say that it's similar to a cilantro, zesty type of dirty rice. It was surprisingly good.

The staff was friendly; as in, I felt like I was being served by friends rather than a wait staff. I typically trust a servers opinion, because they have the food regularly. Unless their tastes are completely different than mine, I'm going to go with their recommendations. My servers recommendations couldn't have hit the mark any better.

The atmosphere is nice overall. The outdoor patio is great, but they may want to consider options for covering it from the heat (during the summer) and the elements on rainy days. Make use of that wonderful new patio...don't just think about that night crowd. I'm taking to you Maverick owners...

This is a great place, and I would highly recommend to anyone. There are other competitors popping up all over Charlotte (and NO, I'm not thinking about Cabo Fish Taco, which is a slightly different market in my opinion), but the prices are more reasonable, and I feel like you're getting more for your money at Maverick! I would recommend this first to anyone wanting a good, laid back atmosphere with quality ingredients at a good price. What more would you want? Enough said. 5 Stars.