I've heard legends and tall tales about Phat Burrito for years now.  I feel like every time someone brings up Johnny Burrito or Chipotle in Best Burrito Conversations, someone inevitably chimes in with a vote for Phat Burrito.  But just like the talk of legends such as Big Foot and the Loch Nest Monster, I thought Phat Burrito was just that;  talk. 

With that being said, I went to Phat Burrito (PB) this afternoon for lunch.  This was my first and only time going to Phat Burrito and beyond what was contained in the menu online (http://www.phatburrito.com/home/phatburrito-menu.php), I really didn't know what to expect.  First thing that stood out to me was the tricky parking situation at PB.  Just like the mafia, its easy to get in, but hard to get out.  

Upon parking, and going inside, I noticed the inside felt tight and and bit cramped.  There were plenty of people already sitting at tables and a few peeps standing in line placing orders.  My friend ordered the steak burrito (w/black beans, sour cream, but no guac).  I ordered the BBQ Steak burrito (w/ refried beans and both sour cream and guac).  While we waited for our burritos to be made, we went to the little salsa bar in the back and fixed ourselves a few cups of the different salsas.  I heard someone yell, "TREY!" from behind the counter and I knew our burritos were ready to be devoured.  

The BBQ STEAK Burrito I ordered was splendid.  There seemed to be plenty of steak (they didn't short me on the meats as others have stated).  The BBQ flavor was slow to hit me, but after a few moments of chewing...THERE it is!  That sweet BBQ sauce amalgamated well with the guac, cheese, sour cream, refried beans and the freshly made salsa.  Just like a colony of ants, all of the ingredients worked as one.  It was unlike any other taste I've ever experienced, and instantly had me wanting to come back again!  I tasted my friend's steak burrito and can say it was not nearly as good as the BBQ STEAK burrito.  I also think you have to add both GUAC and SOUR CREAM to maximize your taste experience.  Nonetheless, it was still well above par.  

The service was great.  The bro who took our order was cool, and very personable.  I can concur with other reviews which mentioned that the inside was a little grimy.  While I appreciated that aspect of PB, my date was a bit turned off by it.  

Today, Phat Burrito made me a believer.  Today I found out that legends of magical burritos aren't the stuff of legends at all - they are indeed real...Real good and tasty, that is...and just like Arnold, "I'll BE BACK."