First off, if you're coming from the West on Indian School pay attention to the sign that says Milagro Grill is in 400 yards or feet or whatever it says.  Otherwise it's sort of hard to find. The address is 4280 E. Indian School.  It's right across the street from another of my favorite spots, La Fontanella's if that helps!

 First thing in the door, we were greeted enthusiastically by the Host.  She welcomed us and seated us with a terrific attitude.  Then Katie, our server greeted us and took our drink order.  Water was brought out right away.  We decided on Iced Tea, as opposed to an alcoholic beverage.  It was eleven in the morning and I don't want to appear to be a total lush!  The Iced Tea was nice and strong, the way I like it.  Black tea and plenty of it!

The manager Jared Johnson came over and introduced himself. We discussed my gluten free status and he said he was trying to learn very quickly about gluten free eating.  He said that the kitchen was very good about knowing how to prepare gluten free foods and he was trying to make sure they do things right.  Everything is made fresh onsite, which should help with that!  They seem very concerned about making their customer's dietary needs a priority.

 While we were talking, my husband commented that I loved guacamole and he'd read that their guac was amazing so Jared sent their homemade guacamole out, which is made fresh, with home made chips and their salsa de la casa, made with cascabel chili.This House Salsa was so smokey and flavorful without having a "traditional" salsa taste.  It was kind of a nutty flavor which just has to be tried!
  
Looking over the Brunch menu did have it's drawbacks.  The names and descriptions were sort of baffling.  Something they MIGHT want to think about changing.....but Katie was great about explaining each one!  I had the Enfrijoladas, which was basically chicken enchiladas with a white bean and tomatillo sauce....topped with an egg (I opted for scrambled).  I was blown away by the smokey taste of the chicken.  It also had some cheese but what I loved was the bean and tomatillo puree.  There was definitely a smooth hotness factor but it was so subtle and appealing that I really enjoyed it.

My husband opted for the Chorizo Con Huevos which was a flatbread with a very mild Chorizo, some charred tomato, potato and cheese with an egg on top.  He really enjoyed it and thought that the flavors went very well together.  He said the only thing he'd change is maybe have the egg on the side.  But who doesn't love pizza for breakfast?

 We were really blown away with the quality of the food as well as the super efficient staff.  They have a smokin' hot terrific happy hour as well, which we are going back for specifically!  I want to try a Milagro Margarita!

  The gorgeous Retro '70's feel to the decor and the large, easy to sit in chairs impressed me!

Oh, did I happen to mention they are the 2012 AZ Taco Festival Grand Champion's?  When you go in just take a look at all the awards they have received.  Quite impressive and I know WHY!  These people know how to cook and how to serve a customer. .  I am impressed!