Pros: 50% off for locals on Mondays, great margaritas, great service, great food
Cons: a bit pricey (unless you're the aforementioned local on a Monday), smells a bit like  cigarette smoke inside 

I recommend: margaritas (comes in a pitcher for potential sharing), shrimp taquitos (appetizer), shrimp cocktail, any street tacos, albondigas, cilantro garlic shrimp (or anything shrimp), FLAN (and possibly more things when I come back here)!

"Are we next to a strip club?!" said my mom. Yes mom, yes we are. But fret not for we are about to go on a mystical food adventure to El Dorado.

We arrived a bit before our reservation time and had to wait while they bussed some tables. No problem! It gave us some time to get our stomach prepared because when it comes to Mexican food, I don't play around. Anyhow, while perusing the menu, we chomped down on almost the entire bowl of chips. That habanero salsa is really, really spicy. Or I'm just a sissy when it comes to spicy things- dunno! Our waitress did warn us before she put the salsas down that it was spicy (thank you- me no likey surprise spicy). 

As we were ordering, our waitress told us we were ordering A LOT of food. I can really appreciate it when you get told that because sometimes your eyes are more hungry than your stomach, you know? However, when someone tells me I'm ordering too much- it's challenge accepted. We picked a slew of appetizers and the one I loved the most was the shrimp taquitos because they have the perfect amount of crunch. My mom got a shrimp cocktail which she and my dad loved. She said the sauce is sweet and yummy and she kept the glass on the table after she was done eating all the shrimp so that she could dip the chips in the sauce, too. 

For my entree, I got the cilantro garlic shrimp because I was in a shrimpy mood. And man, is El Dorado a good place to be when you're in a shrimpy mood. Their shrimp is definitely not the children's menu sized kind you find at other restaurants. For dessert, I got the flan. El Dorado's flan is blessed by the Flan Gods I think. It's just the perfect flan-tastic consistency. 

Our waitress was Amber and she was really funny, sweet, and very attentive to all her tables. If she was busy, she would come by to tell you so, but would say she would be right back- and she would. When we come back, we're going to request to be in Amber's section because we're going to be BFFs one day. 

Make sure you make a reservation if you're looking to go in for 50% for locals on Monday! You don't want to look like some silly tourist when you get told there's no spots for you!