If aesthetics were a measure of a restaurant's quality, this place would probably get a minus 5 stars.  I've been to tons of dives in my time, but this may very well be the divyest dive I've ever dived headfirst into.  That's not meant to be mean spirited to owner Carolina Valenzuela and her establishment, because in this case its part of the charm of a legendary Mexican establishment that I finally got the chance to try for the first time.  What this place lacks in aesthetics, it more than makes up for with its fantastic food.

The original Carolina's location is just south of Downtown on 12th Street.  Its an old weathered building that looked like it could've been a pawn shop or a tire dealer in a past life.  I think its fair to say the neighborhood surrounding the restaurant is somewhat impoverished, though theres a fair amount of industrial business nearby too.  Let's just say that Carolina's building blends in with the neighborhood.  That said, you'll be waiting in line forever at lunch as this place gets jam packed during the work week.  I opted to come here after work around 4:30pm.  Still, worried about the lines, I called my order ahead before I arrived.

When I arrived for my pickup?  Dead.  I was the only one there.  Maybe my timing was awesome?  I wasn't complaining as I was able to get in and out in two minutes.  There's a little bit of seating inside, but I was getting it to go this time around.  I decided to get a dozen of their tortillas since everyone seems to rave about those.  As for a meal to take home it seems that the chimichangas are a popular staple, so a beef chimichanga combo it was.  A big hearty beef chimichanga topped with guacamole and sour cream with a side of beans and rice.  Total for the combo plus the tortillas was $13.  

The chimichanga is exactly what I was hoping for.  A thick crispy fried tortilla with plenty of shredded beef and spices to boot.  Goes great with the guacamole and sour cream, though the beef is truly the dominant flavor with this one.  The beans were also very good and had some good chunks of bean I could pick up (not a bean puree like other Mexican food spots I've been to).  The rice was pretty much what I expected.  Nothing wow about the rice, but met my expectations.  And the tortillas I got were enormous.  I decided to make a homemade quesadilla with one of them and I'm already stuffed.  But I agree with fellow Yelpers that its worth getting some of their tortillas.  They're made in house (you can see where they make them behind the front counter), and have a much different texture than the stuff you get at the grocery store.

Barrio Cafe remains my favorite Mexican spot in the valley, but comparing Barrio with Carolina's is apples and oranges.  Barrio is essentially gourmet, whereas Carolina's is Mexican for the masses.  Its inexpensive, the quality is excellent, and its been drawing every demographic imaginable for years.  Its not hard to see why Carolina's faithful turn to this dingy location again and again.  You can damn well be sure I'll be one of them.