I don't like to write reviews for places where I've only been once because I know my mood affects the way I feel about things. I also like to give second chances to establishments that, for some reason or another, were not up to par the first time, specially if it's a place like Hacienda's, that is close to my office and where I can grab a good bite at a reasonable price. 

I think that lady who wrote that angry review earlier was clearly having a bad day altogether because I've been to this restaurant a few times, and none of these times --  although some were better than others -- I had such a bad experience. I also don't get why I someone was upset that the owner was visiting other local businesses. I'd say that's part of an owner's job. The general manager overlooks the staff IMO . And by the way, I've had Guacamole in more than one dish there, I'm sure that if she had asked, she would've gotten a side of guac in one of those little molcajete dishes. 

I've had a few of their appetizers, the sopes, the empanadas, the street tacos the tostadas and the Nachos. Don't order the nachos unless you have two or more really hungry people. The sopes and tostadas are very similar but  the sopes have a thicker deep fried tortilla.The street tacos are small, but that's how a true "street taco" from El DF is. My favorite one is the Empanada, because it tastes like it's made with homemade Picadillo.

Of the main dishes, I've had the chicken Mole. It's unfair for me to rate it because for someone with a Mexican mom who can cook authentic mole, no other mole will ever come close. But I can say they're on the right track. I've heard from the staff that they are listening closely to feedback they're getting from the locals and are adjusting to the taste of  this new location. And I can tell it's true because I've had a few different types of salsa with their chips and the flavor has gotten better and better.  

Will I return? Yes, I gotta go back to try their deep-fried Ice cream.