Originally hubby and I were going to try a different place, but it was too packed so I decided to look up what was nearby on the yelp app. I had Fat Boy bookmarked and it was only a couple of blocks from where we tried to eat first, so we headed to Fat Boy.

Walking inside there wasn't much space and there were plenty of customers. There are maybe 4 or 5 tables and we were lucky enough after ordering to snatch one up. The food is made to order and since it was busy we had to wait our turn for our food to come out, but I was patient since it smelled of yummy pizza throughout the place and the vibe inside was awesome.

I asked the man who took our order if the bacon was made fresh since this would alter if I would order it or not. He said that indeed was! I ordered a "BLT Sandwich" priced at just $3.24 for the sandwich by itself, or $6.23 to make it a combo with fries and a drink. I made mine a combo and substituted regular fries for "Chencho Fries" which was a very smart decision. The BLT came out on a burger bun with fresh shredded lettuce, tomato and mayo. I was surprised at the amount of bacon on the sandwich for the price. I was pleased with the flavor of the BLT and would happily order it again with a little extra mayo. You can order the Chencho Fries with skinny or fat fries. The cashier suggested the skinny fries so I went with that and hubby had the fat fries with his. The Chencho Fries have a little bit of chicken with green sauce and cheese. Yum! I loved these fries! Get over here and try these fries! Hubby had a "Pastrami Boyger" and couldn't stop talking about how good the pastrami was so we came back a couple days later for dinner again!

This time hubby went with a full on "Pastrami Sandwich" and loved it. I knew after smelling the pizza a couple days before that I had to give it a try. They have a pick-up only special where you can get a 14" one topping pizza for $5.49 so I was all over that! I ordered a cheese pizza and a side of ranch to dip it in. The owner (turns out this was who took our order the first time) came over to our table and talked to me about the pizza and how he makes the dough from scratch everyday. The pizza was cheesy and the sauce and crust tasted great. I just can't believe how good it tastes for such a great price. I don't live near Fat Boy, but it's worth the drive and I will absolutely be back! 

They offer a good variety of menu options from pizza, boygers, wings, fingers, salads, sandwiches, milkshakes, bottled drinks and fountain drinks. They also offer boyrritos, tacos, quesadillas, enchiladas and even serve breakfast! They have different specials and family deals too.