Iron Chef Jose Garces Restaurant in Scottsdale? Yes please!!!  I took my mom here Tuesday for her birthday lunch.  The lunch menu is rather limited compared to the dinner menu, which is to be expected, but nonetheless it still delivered.

   I began my meal with Chips n Salsa.  Damn good Salsa and solid chips.  Next up were the Nachos Ignacio.  All I have to say is that these were the most unique nachos I have ever eaten in my life, and for the price of only $5 dollars I have no idea how they are not losing money on this dish!.  A pile of chips loaded with caramelized onions, queso mixto, roasted green peppers, olives, red chiles, jalapenos, micro greens and to top it off radishes.  I have never seen a radish on nachos before in my life.

   Next was the Camarones Ceviche.  A very, very good shrimp ceviche in a spicy tomato broth, on top of a avocado mouse, a slice of avocado and fried plantain chips.  The only thing I didn't like about it was the avocado.  That's because I personally do not like avocado, but that is just me and not a bash on the dish.  I would get it again in a minute.

   Now it's time for the main courses.  My mom had the Costillas.  These BBQ spare ribs were absolutely delicious.  Sweet and succulent pork meat, mmmm.  The ribs were served on top of a chipotle-cider mustard which was great.  Also 6 tortillas.  I had the Carne Asada.  This skirt steak was grilled a perfect rare served over mole coloradito.  This mole was out of this world good!!  Also this was served with 6 tortillas.

   I was too full to try a dessert, but if they're anything like the other two courses I had, I'm sure they will be great.  The best thing about lunch time here is the Blue Demon express lunch deal.  Two courses for $15 bucks and that includes a fountain drink or water.  2 courses $15 bucks for cuisine like this? Sign me up!!  Such a great deal considering my Carne Asada is $14 a la carte.

   My only glitch with the restaurant was with the theme.  It was very confusing.  I understand the central and southern American atmosphere that the restaurant is trying to do, but there was no cohesiveness to it.  Just very erratic.  This is me just nit picking though and feel free to disagree.  Oh and for the life of me I cannot remember my servers name, but she was an absolute sweetheart.  I cant  wait to go back there again soon and dine on some more additional Iron Chef Jose Garces offerings!!