Full review in the blog, highlights below: 

Chef's Tasting ($45/pp) - 15 different plates, plus tortillas and chips.

Hurache de Hongos - Forest Mushroom, Huitlacoche Sauce, Queso Mixto, Black Truffle, Corn Shoot:  As my friend could not partake in this dish I wish I could say it was unmemorable, but unfortunately it was the best dish in a night of mostly outstanding cuisine.  Beginning first with a pliable soft corn tortilla and then stacking on layer after layer of aromatic mushrooms plus a mixture of cheeses both mild and slightly briny this was a dish that greeted the palate well before the tongue and while the top notes of truffle were certainly notable, it was the intensity of the corn smut sauce that really put the it over the top.

Queso Fundido - Duck Barbacoa, Poblano Chile Rajas, Queso Mixto:  Transitioning from the salads and small plates portion of the menu to the tacos, the first to arrive was a DIY affair with rich and unctuous pulled duck meat buried beneath a layer of still bubbling cheese.  Slow cooked and tender with spices including (but certainly not limited to) cumin, oregano, cloves, garlic at the forefront plus plenty of heat from the mixed pepper this was an ample serving to say the least but arriving with plenty of fresh tortillas it didn't even last long enough to cool off completely.

Mahi-Mahi - Chipotle Remoulade, Avocado, Red Cabbage, Lime:  Having heard that this was 'the best dish on the menu' by the valet as I parked the car I have to admit I'd probably not have ordered this dish a la carte simply because I've never once had Dolphinfish that wowed me...and that would have been a mistake.  Featuring the mildly flavored fish lightly fried inside a delicate plantain batter the key to this dish was actually the juxtaposition of its accoutrements - the lightly pickled cabbage foiled by the creamy avocado while a light touch of lime brought all the flavors to a point.

Cochinita Pibil - Berkshire Pork Shoulder, Achiote, Pineapple BBQ:  For our 'main course' of the evening a large bowl of smoky pork would arrive with an ample description from Michael and with aromatics abound I only wished I had saved more room.  Reportedly roasted for nearly eight hours wrapped in banana leaves and subsequently braised with achiote seeds, oregano, cumin, cloves, cinnamon, sour orange, and more this was the sort of Mexican cuisine we simply don't have back in the Midwest - incredibly complex, nicely nuanced, and literally melt-in-the-mouth tender...the sort of dish that makes me want to explore the region's cuisine more and more.

Arroz Con Crema - Creamy Poblano Corn Rice:  Think rice pudding but make it intensely savory with plenty of spice - now make it so rich and texturally refined that all but the best risottos would pale in comparison.  At $5 this is the steal of the menu and I'm disappointed even now that I couldn't eat every bite of the cast iron pot. 

El Fuerte - Flourless Chocolate Cake, Spicy Peanuts, Chocolate Peanut Butter Mousse, Vanilla Bean Flan, XO Caramel, Espresso Ice Cream:  Reportedly a dish for two and although I'd have questioned this statement under normal circumstances it was not only enough for two at the end of such a long meal, but after taking my first bite definitely more than one person should rationally eat.  Essentially three squares loosely stacked and topped with GTC Espresso Ice Cream and candied peanuts dusted with chili before a tableside pour of caramel spiked (liberally) with what I believe was Patron XO Café this was one rich dessert.  Dense on the bottom and light on the top with subtle differences in each bite depending on the various components sampled both Aileen and I worked on this dish slowly and bite after bite it seemed neither of us could stop until I finally threw in the napkin...at least until Aileen left a single bite on the plate and I took the bait, recollected my spoon, and finished it off.

The Verdict:  While some may piss n' moan that "Mexican Street Food" should be served on the streets of Mexico using less esoteric ingredients than Berkshire Pigs, Hudson Valley Ducks, and Black Truffles I'll simply beg to differ and continue my belief that any cuisine can benefit from top quality ingredients in the hands of a skilled and passionate kitchen.  Sure some may question the authenticity of Garces' restaurants or the choice location in a fancy hotel but to those of us who value things like impeccable service, comfortable environs, and the 'experience' of fine dining at a veritable bargain basement price I whole heartedly recommend giving Distrito a look - along with Bayless' Michelin starred Topolobampo it is the best Mexican food I've had to date.