I met a friend here for lunch, she lives in Arcadia and I'm in Glendale, so we usually end up in Central Phoenix since it's about the same trip for both of us. Upon pulling into the parking lot I was already impressed, because unlike most places in the area, Joyride seems to remember that people do, in fact,  drive cars, and have a decent size parking lot with spots you can actually get into. I drive a Honda Civic and have had trouble squeezing into spots places around here before. 

I work in the central phoenix area, and so I've noticed a few of the restaurants in the area are...well, let's not sugarcoat it they're overrun with judgemental hipsters who give you the side eye if you don't appear to be as hip as them. Never once in Joyride did I get a douchey hipster vibe from the staff. The guy who sat us and there were I believe two people who waited on us were super nice, very warm and friendly,  and made sure we had everything we needed.

And now we get to the best part. THE FOOD. I love food. I'm a fat kid at heart. I also love tacos. They asked us if we wanted to start with the queso dip and I was like, um yes please you can do no wrong when it comes to things with cheese. I was skeptical of it at first because I'm not a huge fan of super spicy stuff and it had jalapeños on top but once I dug in I was sold. It did have a nice kick to it but it wasn't hot just for hots sake. It was a flavor hot. We both got the three taco deal where you buy three tacos and get a side. I got black beans and she got the orange cucumber salad. Both amazing. The Carne Asada taco was pretty much the best thing I'd put in my mouth all day. The fish taco was a close second. The carnitas was also delicious but by this point I was too full to enjoy it properly but it was so good I ate it anyway. 

Price wise it's decent. You're obviously going to pay more here than you would at like taco bell or something but for the queso dip, three tacos & sides, and a Corona each it was like $44. I feel that's a fair price for the quality grub you get. 

So yeah. Go there.