Went on a Saturday night, were seated immediately.  It was pretty busy, there were never more than 2-3 tables empty.

The atmosphere:  Modern, industrial weathered decor, but the right touch of rustic.   Definitely going against the traditional mexi-rest decor.  Think of a mexican restaurant you might stumble upon in Fallout: New Vegas or Mad Max.  The pinatas and sombreros have been stripped away, all that's left is weathered metal, dark wood, and muted colors, modest lighting (which is the perfect accompaniment) and great food.  The restaurant does face west and they have an ample patio to enjoy views of the mountains and sunsets.

The service:  Attentive, friendly, not too talkative and prompt.  Michelle was our server near the bar and she efficiently took our orders, answered everything we asked.  When the food came out I was impressed that it was brought by 3 different people to make sure we were served efficiently.  Nice touch.

The menu:  Very creative.  Not over the top, plenty of standards but you can tell the kitchen took the time to consider and put their personal touch on each and every dish.  Since it was happy hour, we stuck mainly to the appetizers menu, but that was not a compromise.  More on food below.  The humble chicken quesadilla came with a delicious spicy avocado crema.  

The drinks:  My only suggestions lie with the cocktails and the wines.  If they hired a mixology consultant or bartender as good as the chef, that would do it.  (I am available with a little notice.)  The drinks menu was adequate, but 4 reds and 4 whites (who's ordering all this red in a mexican restaurant?) and about 8 beers and 7-8 cocktails (4 of which sounded identical) was stingy at best.  Then there were like 30 tequilas.  OK, a little help here?  That said, my date's casa-rita was excellent and one was enough for her.  The wine pours were generous, at least 8-10 oz, which is good for the $6-10 glass prices.

The food:  The food was excellent.  Definitely the best for at least 15 miles, from the chips and salsa to the ceviche, to the jalapeños rellenos which i loved.  Probably the only place I've had better neo-Mex was in New York city.  The presentation was  creative, colorful, well garnished and arranged.  Everything came out sizzling and the server was very attentive, visiting us at twice during our appetizer course.  Clearing was efficient as well, and I really like the team approach of this wait staff vs. having to scan for your one server all evening.  I will definitely be back to try the crispy fried carnitas and the full relleno.  I loved that the jalapeños rellenos were not fried, just stuffed and broiled.  Frying is great, but it's nice to have an un-fried option once in a while.

The prices:  The prices were excellent for what you get, notably the specials.  Portions were very generous, so if something looked expensive, it is probably enough for 2 people.