Here is the story of how we fell in love with a little Mexican restaurant called Habanero's: 

Friday: Did a random yelp search for Mexican food in the Scottsdale area and stumbled upon some decent reviews for this place. Decided to try it out since it's not too far. After a slight detour we finally found a little unassuming store front in a generic looking shopping plaza with a red, white and green banner in front and knew that we must have finally found it. Ordered some flour tacos (fish, carne asada, shrimp, and carnitas) and a steak quesadilla along with a side of chips and salsa and our beloved Orange Bang drink that we were pleasantly surprised to find here. Within a few minutes of taking our first bites we turned to each other and proclaimed, "This shit is good!!" Fresh Mexican food that was reasonably priced and not overloaded with grease!! We were officially in lust. 

Saturday: Couldn't stop thinking about how good Habanero's was from the night before and made plans to stop by for breakfast the next morning and try some of their breakfast burritos. 

Sunday: Stopped by to grab a few breakfast burritos before our road tip to eat in the car. Bacon and steak burritos were delicious and not greasy at all, just like the rest of the menu. Egg, potatoes, meat and cheese in a fresh tortilla make these burritos worth coming back for again! And, breakfast served all day during the weekdays! Sweet! 

Monday: Craving Habanero's again and we even made plans to stop by on our way back into town. Unfortunately for us, they closed early for the holiday, but we were more determined than ever to get our fix in the next day! Nothing could keep these star crossed lovers apart! 

Tuesday: The craving was almost unbearable at this point. As soon as we got off of work we headed over to our new favorite place to pick up some tacos and another breakfast burrito. We were not disappointed, everything was just as amazing as the last few times we had visited. Habaneros can do no wrong! 

So there you have it...if you're in the north Scottsdale area and craving some fresh authentic Mexican food that won't break the bank then head over to Habanero's and you'll be falling in love in no time at all!