So good. Sooooo gooood. I love The Mission. The ambiance, the service, the food, the prices - all great. 

Ok, so I've only been there twice. But even after only two dining experiences at a restaurant where EVERY SINGLE THING you order is delicious - not just ok, not just passable, but really, really tasty - it leads you to believe that it's a knock-out of a restaurant...like a guy that's hot AND has a personality. Don't think they exist? Yeah, well... neither did I. But they do! Ok, well, in restaurant world, that is...I make no promises about the real world.

Seriously, I don't think I can complain about anything, so let's just get on to the food. I started with a blended Lemon Margarita that was yum-tastic...the first time I tried the Mango (the flavors change daily), and it was better, but I'm not one to poo-poo any blended Margarita that comes my way, and The Mission's are particularly good. Anyway, we ordered the tableside guac to munch on before our meals arrived, and it was DELISH. Delish. Granted, it's only 1 avacado, but it didn't feel like too little guac, and we had 4 people. Anyway, they do this thing where they drizzle extra virgin olive oil over it at the end, and as WEIRD as that sounds, it makes it REALLY GOOD. I have no idea why. But it does.

For our entrees, we each ordered some version of the tacos, either chicken or skirt steak. I LOVED the skirt steak tacos...they were so good. They come tecate marinated with green chili salsa, avocado, lime, cilantro and cotija, and all of the flavors just work together magnificently...I think each one took me no more than 2 bites to eat. My friend that ordered the chicken tacos said they were fabulous, too, and after he tried the steak tacos, he said they were actually BETTER...I find that hard to believe, but I'll have to try them next time and find out! 

In addition to the tacos, we got the Mission Fries, which is a massive basket of sweet potato and regular french fries with different dipping sauces. We also (inexplicably, I know...SO MUCH FOOD...) got the Grilled Sweet Corn, which literally had melted butter drizzled across is. Now, I'm from the Cornhusker state, and BELIEVE you me, I have had my fair share of sweet corn. So when I say that this was really some mad good sweet corn, you know I'm not just yanking your chain. Order this. It comes with only 2 ears, though, so be sure to order accordingly.

Also, order the churros. We didn't get them this time around, but the first time we did order them, and they're REAL good...maybe not as good as the ones at Barrio Cafe, but still delightful. I mean, they're chocolate and served with a milkshake. Seriously. 

My coworkers were very impressed with my choice of restaurant, so not only did The Mission yield a superb meal, but it has also convinced my coworkers to bestow upon me all restaurant-choosing rights from now until the end of time...and THAT is fantastic!