I  love this place- really good- fresh, semi-authentic Mexican faster food. Excellent Taco Shop!

Another reviewer mentioned the decor being tacky (what do people from Ohio know?... j/k). I completely DISAGREE- it's Mexican wrestler themed- fun, hip and trendy- The theme reminds me of El Carmen in LA. If only they served margaritas and beer they would be packed!

The people that work here (maybe the owners?) are very nice- they will let you taste all the different stewed meats. It's been a long time since I've gone to a Mexican establishment in Phoenix that actually serves spicy food. Yum! They do have a Chipotle assembly line style going on, but the food tastes much better. In fact, comparing them to Chipotle never even occurred to me the couple times I have been here until I read that in people's reviews- and I do eat at Chipotle on occasion- but I really don't think this place is anything like Chipotle at all. It's like a Taco Shop- most Taco Shops are set up in a similar style- perhaps you get more "choices" here in regard to "toppings"... I dunno. People are far too critical. Maybe it's because Phoenix is so white bred that the only Taco Shop experience people have is Chipotle, so, they assume that Taco Shops are copying Chipotle... what came first Taco Shop or Chipotle? Chicken or Egg? Plant or seed? Life's questions....

From one gringo to another, this is not an unusual set up for a Taco Shop- it's just a far nicer/trendier interior than an average taco shop- with very good service. Really, it's okay that they let you choose what kind of meat you want on your taco or burrito etc. and make it in front of you. It's probably a lot easier for them to do it this way since I have noticed that the guy working doesn't seem to speak the best English. Either that or he's really on "drugs" like some whitey wrote in a review... I think it's more of language thing than a drug thing... So, I will pretend I didn't read that other racist review that I read and found incredibly offensive- speckled with accusatory undertones because they were charged for guac. Give it a rest Güero!

I don't see anything wrong with the set up, wanted to reiterate that in case my point didn't come across earlier. It's a TACO SHOP...   Even taco trucks let you decide what kind of meat you want and what "toppings"... "Toppings" as if it's a pizza... lol! 

Yelp irritates me sometimes... If they had a bowl full of spicy carrots and jalapenos you foodie snobs would be calling it pedestrian.  However, I think it would be nice if they served up some dishes with cotijah cheese, but I digress- Cheese may not have been a traditional element in Mexican cooking as many reviews here mention, but now days it's a staple. Take it or leave it folks, like it or not- Mexican places in Phoenix serve cheese on things. If the cheese makes the food generic- don't get cheese on it. Simple as that. I like cilantro and onions on my stuff personally. You know, most ethnic restaurants offer options to satisfy American palates- there is nothing wrong with the option for cheese. Someone wrote in a review- complaining that this place doesn't serve lingua... Serious? Big Whoop. There are Korean places in town that don't serve DOG- are you all gonna get on your Yelp Machines and start comparing it to... PF Changs or something, lol! Yes, I realize PF Changs isn't Korean, but it's not really Asian food eiether... Look, I'm being a Yelp foodie snob... Pot meet kettle!

I guess what might confuse some is it is almost restauranty, but still casual fast foody. I don't mind that- then again, I'm not one for manicured lawns and beige HOA tract homes. It's human nature to want to compartmentalize, label, file away... I have an over abundance of higher priority life mysteries to dwell on- I like the damn food- and the green chilies are smokin' hot! Nothing tastes bland. I also appreciate the option for cabbage rather than lettuce and I like their salsa choices- I don't mind not having an assortment of 20 different things (this is in response to other critiques). It's a TACO SHOP- I don't expect them to have 20 different salsas- but I do expect the salsas they have to taste fresh and good, and they do! They are also spicy- which gets me HOT! 

Coming from LA, this place reminds me of some of the hip taco shops we had over there, just  tastier than many and much nicer/fun decor- really cute. 

You have to try this place out- just don't go in there all hoity-toity expecting a white cloth dining establishment. Appreciate it for what it is- a good TACO SHOP.