I waffled between 4 and 5 stars, but the 5 won! Here we go:

I made a reservation for a large party about a week before the date for our meal. When my best friend got to Gallo Blanco, the hostess said my reservation was nowhere to be found. On a Saturday. With a reservation for 9 people. YIKES. To put it lightly, I was pretty upset. The restaurant was packed and I was HUNGRY. I specifically had made the reservation so far in advance, had spoken with the person on the phone for quite a few minutes, where she got my name, phone number, we repeated the dates back to each other, etc. Needless to say, I was bothered. This wasn't the first time this had happened to me recently (but it was at another restaurant) and it just kind of bummed me out.

We ended up waiting 25 minutes for our table, which was frustrating. But luckily, one of the staff came over a few times to let me know that they were working on it and wanted to make sure my birthday dinner went as fabulously as possible, which I definitely appreciated. When we finally got seated, our server, Henry, was outstanding! He immediately got right in the game and got my appetizer orders (queso with veggies and guacamole, YUM) and came back for drink orders a minute or so later. He had great knowledge of the menu and our food came out quick, hot, and DELICIOUS. 

I tried one of my fiance's veggie tacos and it was soo yummy. I had the Ensalada Cortada and loved it. The AZ Margarita was so delicious I had to have two! One of my girlfriends ordered the elote which was the best I've had, and everyone else loved their shrimp tacos, tostadas, and carne asada tacos. 

But what really set them above the rest and made me want to write this review was that, as an apology for the lost reservation, they gave us some complimentary desserts. We ended up getting the orange cake, the lime tart (not on the menu, but recommended to us by our server), and the flan. Holy moly. All of the desserts were beyond delicious. I wished I hadn't eaten so much beforehand because I wanted to devour the leftover desserts!

What could have been a bad situation ended up being wonderful. Gallo Blanco really took care of us and I will DEFINITELY be back!