It's a grocery store. NO! It's a taco stand. NO! It's a silly novelty pinata peddler. It's really all of these things. After reading lots of reviews, and with a hankerin' for some delicious authentic tacos, the decision was made. It was below zero around dinner time, which made me wonder where they move this "stand" when it's frigid outside. Surely, they move it inside. THEY DO NOT. These friendly dudes were still there, outside the store.  Under a pop-up tent, just like in the Yelp photos. They were happily grilling meats and authentic from-scratch(!) corn tortillas. These guys are hard-core, and they put this same determination into their offerings. One of the guys told us that they're out there "365 days of the week", which probably feels pretty accurate when it's that cold outside.

For the anxious, here's the way it goes:
1. Stop outside where they're grilling. They will gladly show you the choices of meats (I believe they also do just veggies...). When I went, they had chorizo sausage, steak, fajita mix, chicken, and a few others. Let them know how many tacos you'd like - they're $2 each. I got three, and it was plenty. They'll put them in a styrofoam container.

2. Head inside the store. Just to the left, there's a salsa bar. Generally speaking, the milder toppings/sauces start on the left, and gradually get spicier toward the right. The guac is fantastic. The salsas are fresh and oh-so-good. The sauces don't disappoint, either. Don't be shy - load 'em up! I typically like my foods pretty spicy (ex: I frequently order my Thai food with a '10' on a '1-10' spicy scale), and the sauces all the way to the right don't disappoint. They're definitely on the hot side, but not overly-so.

3. (Optional) Stroll around the store, pick out a drink along the left-most wall. There are lots of choices - I'm a fan of the Jarritos drinks. Mango is awesome, and goes well with the tacos. There are some gems in this store - like nearly an entire aisle of just hot sauces, and lots of fresh produce. (The peppers looked amazing!)

4. Pay for your food at the front. Just let them know how many tacos you have. They're super friendly, but may not speak fluent English. Part of the charm and authenticity!

5. We were welcomed to stand in the store and eat our food, but we opted to take it home instead. There are no seats or tables inside, though.

I will definitely be back - for both tacos and Mexican ingredients for cooking.