Border Grill is now serving brunch!  I love a good breakfast - and they do it right by me.  Brunch is served as a tapas menu, perfect for trying a little bit of everything.  For $29.95 you can get an 'all you can eat' brunch with champagne - or pomegranate mimosas as I had (delicious, by the way).  There is nothing wrong with eating chips and salsa at 10 o'clock in the morning - especially their fresh, homemade varieties Border Grill has to offer, my favorite being the salsa Verde -  it is so flavorful.  Make sure to ask for the spicy salsa if they don't bring it automatically, it is amazing too.

The tapas menu is a great idea to try a bit of everything and not get too full off just one item - the waiter will take about 2-3 orders at a time, and spread the delivery out so you are not overwhelmed with food on the table.  With the menu consisting of about 15 or so items, it is perfect for a variety of flavors to start your day.

For starters, I had the Eggs Benedict.  Now, this is not your average Eggs Benny by any stretch of the imagination.  Instead of an English Muffin, they use a light and fluffy biscuit topped with Yucatan pork, a poached egg, fresh Hollandaise sauce and pickled onions.  Heaven.  

Next on the list was Steak and Eggs.  I have honestly never ordered this as a breakfast item - so I figured it was time to try it.  The tender carne asada was sliced thin, but not too thin, sitting on top of a poblano potato pancake and an egg (over medium for me please) sitting on top.  I will never be able to order Steak and Eggs any where else now.  

I tried the Shrimp BLT - sounds more lunch-y, but hey, where there is shrimp, so am I.  The bread was sliced thin, which was great since by this point, I am already starting to get full. Inside lies shrimp, bacon, lettuce and tomatoes, all seasoned to perfection.  

My friend ordered Coconut French Toast.  I am not a French Toast or coconut fan (which is why she ordered it..)  Although, it was actually pretty darn good - this consisted of Sourdough bread, coconut syrup and sautéed bananas.  Sweet, but not too much, a definite surprise - I might even order it on my own next time.

The Green Corn Tamale came out next - and dear Lord - if I could eat this at every meal, I would.  Trust me.  The presentation is great, part of it is in a tamale 'purse' - the other part served along side sour cream and fresh pico de gallo. Yummy.  

We also ordered the fresh fruit they were offering on the brunch menu.  The fruit was perfectly in season with a drizzle of passion fruit sauce.  Oh My.  

Besides the food being excellent, the service is something that is outstanding as well.  Every wait staff member knows the menu inside and out, has great recommendations, and provides a level of service that you will remember almost as much as the food itself.  Good customer service will never go out of style, and as far as I am concerned, neither will this Brunch. Border Grill nailed it, again.