This is one of those true Yelp success stories.

I grew up mostly in Madison but lived in Milwaukee for a number of years where Mexican food is ridiculously good.  Whether it be from one of the amazing restaurants on the Southside or the authentic Mexcian grocers (El Ray), you really can't go wrong.  Up until I went to Taqueria, I hadn't run into a restaurant in Madison that I would even deem "acceptable" for Mexican food.

There's a few places that were decent, but nothing that ever stuck out or that had all the right stuff put together.  Each place lacked either taste, proper pricing, or variety on their menu.

Well Taqueria Guadalajara solves that issue ten-fold in my opinion.  They are pretty much just what others describe here; a very very small mom & pop operation with a comfortable environment and amazing food at good prices.  Portion sizes are also quite generous.  The staff is polite and the TV usually has either soccer or mexican soap operas on, adding to the authentic vibe.

The food needs to be emphasized here though, they have some fantastic options.  First off, the chips and salsas are tasty, they give you a hot blend which I found enjoyable and a mild blend which is has a very traditional taste (cilantro, tomatoes, etc).  Make sure though that you order Guacamole, even if it takes them a while to bring it out.  Their fresh homemade Guac is out of this world, and this is coming from a guy who doesn't even like Guacamole.  I have to put it on everything I get here though, as it's just that delicious.

Secondly, there are a few main dishes I've had worthy of note.  I'd say the best deal they offer are the tacos, my girlfriend got 2-3 tacos each time with a side, and I think they were about $1.75 or $2 per taco.  This isn't something from taco bell though, these are flavorful and fulfilling jam-packed tortillas, and if you get a side of rice and / or beans it should be more than enough food.  Some of my other favorites, albeit pricey, are the Mexican flag burrito and the Tortas (Mexican Sandwhiches) with slow-roasted pulled pork.  I'd rate one meat over the other, but the Carne Asada, the el pastor pulled pork, and the chicken were all mouth-watering.  Just make sure you wash it down with one of their many beers / sodas available.

Nobody's perfect, so there are a few minor qualms.  The service is terribly slow and inattentive.  They make up for it with warm hospitality, but we often had to wait for drink / chip refills to the point where we had finished the main course and usually had to wait a while to put in our order.  That said, they do get the main courses out promptly, the last time I went I had my meal in less than ten minutes.  Only thing is, we've seen this behavior when we went at 8pm at night on a weekday, so I have no idea how it is when they're packed.  My girlfriend said she went for lunch and it was crazy-crowded (she still got her food though).

Overall, Taqueria is a slice of delight in an unexpected location.