Delicious and amazing food.  Takes a really interesting concept and executes it brilliantly by maintaining lots of traditional Chinese and Mexican dishes in their authentic form, whilst peppering the menu with surprisingly tasty 'fusion' dishes.

As for the traditional fare, the Guacamole and freshly hand made tortillas were delicious.  There wasn't a great deal done to the guac, but the avocados were clearly top notch so thus you let them speak for themselves and the tortillas were as perfect as you've ever had.  The cochinita and barbacoa tacos were exacting and spot-on in their traditional flavor.  For the Chinese side, the 'Traditional Shumai's were light, airy, eggy and packed with umami.  I want a bowl of those Dan-Dan noodles with spicy pork for every hangover I ever have again for the rest of my life.  They were so comforting, and no-nonsense delicious!  The Har Gau's and Whens Fly were both great replicas of what you would find at a great underground Dim Sum restaurant.

For the edgier 'Fusion' dishes, the Scallop Ceviche made my day.  I'm very familiar with Jose Andres' restaurants, and find the 'fluff' and 'molecular' aspects of his cuisine at times to detract from the flavors and enjoyment of some of his dishes, but this one hit it out of the park for me.  The dish is served with individual bay scallops served on a key lime half that has been crusted with what I can assume from my margaritas was more 'Sal de Gusano' (salt, chile powder and roasted caterpillar, yes, caterpillar), and a table side spraying of tequila on each bite.  You're instructed to eat the scallop off the lime and to squeeze it and suck on it while you take on the scallop.  Freaking delicious!  The 'Silencio' taco with duck tongue and rambutan was another delicious 'fusion' dish that I feel doesn't get enough credit because drunken bimbos that wander in here after a night at the Marquee aren't going to try 'duck tongue.'  The lamb dumplings were very interesting and satisfying as well, as they tasted like baby lamb empanadas with a baked cheese crust.

As far as drinks go, you have to try the Margarita con 'Sal de Gusano.'  It will be hard to ever go back to a traditional salted rim ever again, I am in therapy about it now that I'm gone.

My girlfriend & I went on two occasions in our three days at the Cosmo and this was our favorite place.  We did the tasting menu at Scarpeta and loved that as well, but this was the kind of place I could eat at twice a week.  The service was also fantastic and enough has been mentioned here about how cool the design is inside also.

Highly recommend this place for people that know what good dim sum is, know what good Mexican is and are open to trying the new and interesting as well!