Chino is one of those secret places that is anything but a secret.  It has been featured on the Food Network Diners, Dives, and Drive-ins and for good reason.

Picture this scene-I am moving from Tulsa to Phoenix for a new Job. My future boss wants me to meet him at some run down shopping center for lunch before I even start work. I am in town to look at houses in 2005 (yes I got screwed and paid way too much).  So I roll up to this place and think I made a mistake, but after having a lunch there I was and am hooked on Chino for life. I now live in San Diego but when I go back to see my upside down house I must stop in at Chino. You should too...well not the house part. 

The place has the best most unique food of anywhere I have been. Asian-mexican fusion?  I guess maybe, but fusion connotes some sense of sophistication. Chino is fantabulous but for goodness sake, dinner is served in an aluminum freaking bowl. Sophisticated it is not. The tables are reminiscent of a bingo hall, long with crappy chairs. In a location like this, the food has to be good or they will end up like the other tenants around them-here today and gone tomorrow. 

Now the food-fantastic!  Jade Red chicken is their most popular. Think sweet-n-sour but with a spiced red sauce and not nearly as tough to chew.  It will be mixed with some brand of rice you choose on the menu, such as chicken fried, jerk fried, white, etc. 

My favorite is the Emerald Chicken, made up of tender chicken slices with a fantastic green sauce made of Ginger, garlic, oil, and other mysterious but yummy ingredients. 

You pick your meal from an order card you grab inside the door. Take a red pen and circle the stuff you want.  Yep kinda weird but they can help sort you out at the counter if you need it. There is a wall with photos of each meal but it appears to have been taken in 1963, then placed in the Phoenix sun for a few years. Forget it. Just ask or look around. They do have samples which help. 

Oh to make it more confusing there is a secret menu of sorts too such as the 7-11. I don't even know what it is but my buddy digs it the most. 

The grub is great and they finish nicely with a phenomenal fatty sugar cookie. No one, and I mean no one says anything bad about the cookie. 

Go try this place. It is worthy of 6 stars.