The owners, Linda and Sonny, are very nice. I have tried coming to this place so many times after work, but I always get there right around when they're closing. But closing time is also when you know whether the restaurant is legit or not because if the food is good at that hour, you know the chef cares and is not there hoping just to go home. Even when they're locking or have already locked their doors, they will open their doors for me.

This is what I have experienced with Komex Fusion Express. The flags expressing "Chinese Food" by the sidewalk next to their driveway is a magnanimous understatement of their capabilities. Their offerings are much more, although I'm sure a crowd is drawn to Chinese and other Asian cuisines.

If you haven't noticed yet, I only rate 4 or 5 star places, which is why I don't have too many reviews. Not too many things fall on my radar and I do not believe in ruining businesses. Now, to the food, which is what this is all about.

This isn't fast food. Please do not be in a rush when coming here, although they do try to appease fast foodies with their own fried tortilla chips and in-house made salsa.

Bulgogi Tacos: Small tortillas, which show they know the true size of tasty tacos, wrap around some awesome beef with pepper, salt, and some fresh cilantro with a wedge of lime to squeeze on the side. Kimchi should be requested. It's really delicious with the taco, and I'm not reminiscing about Kogi either. The price point is absolutely so low that you know they just want you to share the love of food with them and others.

Won Ton Soup: Fresh thin won ton wrappers embrace tender beef in a broth that was made obviously with care and not monosodium glutamate. This pleased my palate in temperature, texture, and taste. A whole egg was swirled in like in egg drop soup. Freshness is worth waiting for.

Fried Won Ton: The same delicious won ton, battered and deep fried. Frying anything tastes better, but frying something delicious tastes phenomenal.

Bulgogi Fried Rice: I am an ultimate rice monger. I absolutely love rice. When I first saw the fried rice come out, the density of the brown color on the rice made me actually weary, but to my surprise, the rice must have been made with a sweet soy or a mushroom soy because it wasn't too salty, and the tastiness of the pepper, the eggs, the temperature and wok chi of the rice was a perfect blend, lending itself to be one of the best fried rices I have ever had in my 26 years of ricing.

Sauces: Three sauces came out with the Bulgogi Fried Rice. There's a regular chili sauce, a Chinese chili sauce which has fresh cilantro, Sambal Oelek and some other peppers mixed in, and then there's the Mexican chili sauce, which I did not try, but I will be back for.