We all love Chinese food.  And of course, we all love Mexican food.  And then, there's Chino Bandido.  

I don't living in Phoenix, but, this is one dive I hit up every time I'm in town.  The fact is, each time you eat at Chino, it could be a new experience.  I confess that I waited till AFTER I'd eaten there a bunch of times before I dared think about putting pen to paper and write a review.  There are simply too many combinations (and too little stomach space) to be able to really get a good sense of their food in one sitting.  Once you find the combinations that you love, you'll be hooked.  

I'm not going to start by painting myself as the prototypical self-professed foodie.  Hey, I love foie and truffle oil as much as the next guy.  But, more than anything, I love my comfort food grub.  And whatever your fancy, there's probably something at Chino that you will love.  Note the recent popularity and variety of food trucks abound.  The first thing that comes to mind when I think of Chino food, is that it's kind of food truck-ish (but, this was before the food trucks, and done in a way the food trucks couldn't possibly replicate).  Some call it Chinese-Mexican fusion.  It's certainly not "fusion" in the expected sense.  It's more like what you'd get if you asked a really great Chinese chef to prepare a Mexican meal, do it inside a really big food truck, and serve it in disposable/recyclable containers.  It's got the bright and complex Chinese flavors that we have become really familiar with, but, delivered in a very simple and comforting Mexican format that most of us in this country have grown accustomed to.  

Set aside the fancy napkins and place-settings for a bit.  It's not by any means pretentious food, and, as regulars would attest to, you can eat here on a shoe-string budget.  It doesn't hurt that with your meal, they also serve (if they have any left) a homemade snickerdoodle or chocolate volcano cookie to finish things off.  These things are to die for, and man, I'll tell you ... get me the recipes for the cookies alone and it would be enough to make a business venture out of.  It's easy to see how some might be fooled by the simplicity of Chino's food, considering the type of joint this is.  But, there's something very rich, comforting, and accessible about it that keeps regulars coming back for more.  Just ask them (you can always spot the regulars by how they order).  My personal favorite is the Emerald Chicken in a quesadilla.  Or, wait, ... is it the red chicken over jerked fried rice.  See the problem?  Thats why I usually order both.