Best stage in Phoenix for local and/or small to medium sized acts, period. I went here for the Slackers concert (and the Twotone Lizard Kings who I actually came to see), and was really impressed.

My first impression, I had to say was not really positive. It seemed like a new hipster hangout (which it somewhat is, I suppose), and because of the small lounge in the front with the small lounge stage, I thought that the venue part of things was going to also be much smaller. Well, I was wrong. The venue is huge, the stage is huge, and the sound system is absolutely amazing.

I really like the layout of the venue as well. It's difficult to describe (and it probably varies), but Ill say that a little more than 3/4 of the room and half of the stage is devoted to the 21 and up crowd, while the other half of the stage is general admittance for anyone. They have a wisely located merchandise corner. The bar was very big, but out of the way enough so as not to cause "traffic" problems, and placed in such a way that by getting a drink, you will not miss a second of the show. They also serve food here, and the drinks did not seem to be wildly overpriced as they usually are at such venues. Further, there are about 5 rows of bleacher seats in the very back for those that prefer their entertainment sitting down rather than standing up. The divider between the general admittance and the drinkers is a convenient place to rest a drink or an elbow whilst enjoying the show.

Everything about this place is just smart. Im a professional musician, and I will gladly advocate that this place has the best sound system in phoenix. The vibe is just right--fun and electric. The stage is big enough for a band of 10 people.

Im hoping that they will embrace some heavier music in the near future, maybe a couple nights a month or something. I understand the type of crowd they are seeking, but really think they would be missing out on a resource of Arizona that has gone untapped for a long time now.

I will definitely be back. Hopefully, Ill also be there soon to play their stage. If the night I had here was anything to judge by, that gig would be would be one hell of a night.