My wife and I are life-long Arizonans and Mexican food has always been our first choice in dining out.  We have a long familiarity with Dennis and Liz Sirrine's great cooking dating back to their first establishment which they sold in 1999.  The food has always been exceptionally good.  

There are several really wonderful places in the East Valley where you can find great menus and people who really know how to cook Mexican-style cuisine.  We rate the Sirrine's Tia Rosa at the very top of the list.

Over the years, the hallmark of this business establishment has always been a dedication to both excellence and improvements.  Well, when your food is so good that you can no longer do anything to improve it what do you do?

Improve service!  Tonight, my wife and I again went to this wonderful restaurant.  Despite our long familiarity, we were not really prepared for the truly five-star quality service we received.  (Note: I originally wrote this review nearly a year ago and forgot to post it until now, but we've been back since then and Tia Rosa's remains one of our favorite places.)

Our waiter, a really friendly young man named Chris and a team of other young serving people constantly visited our table (in the beautifully decorated outside atrium area) offering more water, more chips & salsa, asking if they could get us anything, etc.  It was unrelenting but not intrusive.  Each person was cordial, deferential and, pleasant.  Chris was an outstanding waiter.

Service has always been good at the Sirrine's restaurants but, our experience tonight was worthy of being compared with service anywhere in the world!  It just doesn't get any better.

The food?  Why bother writing about just service if the food isn't any good.  Although I've never had anything there I didn't like, one of my favorites is the Peach-glazed Ancho Chicken.  I've never been disappointed with it.  Another is the "Flying Platter."  My only wish is that they'd trend a bit more towards New Mexican style using the deliciously firery chilie peppers from Hatch,   Trust me, we'll be back!

So, is everything there perfect?  Of course not, but I can live with it. The only flaw that I can point to is the noise levels in the place.  The many hard surfaces reflect the noise and noise is additive . . . many people talking raise the volume of ambient noise to awesome levels . . . not good!  When the weather is good, ALWAYS ask to be seated in the atrium, which is a terrific dining setting.

Richard J
Mesa, AZ