Sunday, February 22 was the first Pig Out at The Mission.  

I found out about the event on facebook.  As my boyfriend Ben is frollicking in New Orleans for Mardi Gras I have taken full advantage to keep myself busy and get of the house.  The event started at 2 p.m. until sunset as advertised with 1/2 off Mimosas, Bloody Marys and Sangria.  $16 per person all you can eat with housemade corn torillas, chips and roasted salsas.   

I ended up bumping into recently James Beard nominated Chef Kevin Binkley of Binkleys restaurat and his wife.  Chef Matt took us outside to show us "the guest of honor" the 50 lb pig that had been roasted since 6 a.m. that morning.  The last time I had roasted pig was at an authentic luau in Kaui in 1995.  

The pig roast was absolutey what I expected which was tender and flavorful.  Matt suggested to us that the pig was "money" and to eat it simply with the tortillas and a sprinkle of fresh cilantro.  No salsa necessary.  As always I take the chef's advice and do what I am told.  He was right.  Perfect.  It was a gorgeous afternoon on the patio and guests were seated inside as well.  Everyone was enjoying themselves.  I had one of the Mimosas made with fresh orange juice and Cava a Spanish sparkling wine.  So refreshing.  Also, had one of their best margaritas made with Partida Tequila and Agave nectar.  I especially enjoy Partida.  I met the owners daughter in Scottsdale to promote their new venture in making tequilas at an Alliance Beverage tasting a few years ago.  The family had been growing Agave for 100 years and thought it was time to start making tequilas.  Anyway, the margarita was made with fresh lime juice which I love, love, love.  Delicious.

I rarely get out to see how the rest of the world lives on Sunday afternoons because I am sleeping in after a busy weekend at Roka Akor, the restaurant I work for since it has opened.  I am glad I got my day started and enjoyed The Mission's first Pig Out.  I am sure more Pig Outs will follow.