My first visit was on a thursday night at 10 pm. Me and the wifey came in and got seated right away. As we looked over the menu were happily munching on the bottomless chips and salsa they gave us which were complimentary. I kid you not, by the time our server came to take our order we were already working on our second basket of chips! Damn you good tasting chips and salsa! Also, damn you servers who are constantly walking by refilling the chips and salsa! We both agreed to share a meal since we definitely overdid it on the chips.

What we ordered was the the Steak n Chicken Mixed Fajita Platter ($25). It has sliced green, red, and yellow bell peppers along with sliced onions. The shrimp were some pretty sized good chunks. The cut up pieces of steak were tender and very juicy. If you just sat down and get a whiff of this dish as the server walks by you, that alone will pretty much entice you to order it. Comes with a plate of sour cream, guacamole, pico de gallo, and your choice of black or refried beans. You also get either flour or corn tortillas. Im glad we shared it for we barely finished it! We finished up with a free flan as the special for checking in on Yelp. For you peeps with a sweet tooth, this dessert is rich.

Our second visit we decided to go on a monday to take advantage of the locals 50 percent off on the entire menu. We were strongly recommended to make a reservation for you just might wait awhile before a table opens up.

As we showed up for our 7 pm reservation, the place was packed! People were waiting to be seated but not us. We proceeded to our table right away. We wanted to try different things so being the carnivore that I am, I went with the Carne Asada plate ($26) and wifey went with the Conchinita Pibill ($24). I was also curious about the Mexican Corn ($5) so we got that as well. For dessert, we got the Flan ($8).

This time we kind of went easy on the chips and salsa so we can make a dent in our individual meals. Again, we were wrong. We could of shared just one meal and still be fully satisfied. Oh well, my oldest son could not have been happier when we brought home the leftovers!

The Carne Asada they give you 2, that's right, two nicely sized marinated skirt steaks. Comes with a scoop of some type of steamed buttered rice (no, its not like rice pilaf) guacomole, and your choice of refried or black beans. But wait, there's more. You also get a grilled jalapeno and another grilled type of red pepper. They even give you some kind of pork sausage as well. The steak I requested medium rare and it was spot on! It was perfectly seasoned with whatever marinade they use. I can even taste a hint of lime in it. It is some of the best asada I have had in a long time.

The Conchinita Pibill was highly recommended by our server Amber. She said it was one of favorite pork dishes. It is basically carnitas but with some different spices. It was so tender and juicy that I was alternating from my plate to hers.

The Mexican Corn (elote), is a roasted corn on the cobb coated with mayonaise, queso fresco, and sprinkle of cayenne powder. Comes with a couple of slices of lime for you to squeeze on to it.

To complete our meal we got the flan again since we know that it is very good. Now remember this second visit we only paid 35 dollars instead of 70 and we still had plenty of leftovers

Service. As luck would have it, we ended up getting the same server as last time which was Amber. Now she is very efficient. Not only does she serve other tables, but she is always looking at our table to see if we needed anything that was commonly asked. She did this every time she walked by carrying other customers' orders. All her other co-servers did their part by picking up empty plates as they walked by. Not once did I ask for a refill on our waters and sodas at all both visits. Now that is great service.

Some random useful info. Besides what I mentioned above, they are 24 hours, They have numerous GMO free and organic menu options not to mention gluten free and organic items as well. Oh, did I mention that they are right next to Sapphire, one of largest strip clubs in Vegas? Guys (and gals) how many times have you gone to a strip club but had to leave later on because you were starving? Yeah, I know makin it rain on them strippers makes me hungry too. Just do the hokey pokey and turn yourself around. Just like that you are feasting on great Mexican food no matter what time of day it is. They even have giant flat screen tv's strewn all around the restaurant so you dont miss the "big" game if it so applies. Sometimes, the master chef Paco will be walking around making sure everything is ok. Dude is very friendly.

In closing, even though they opened just last year, I am still mad at myself for not checking them out sooner. I cant wait for my next meal here and I will definitely let other foodies know! 

Yelp 2015 Review #35  "Great Mexican food 24/7? Si!"
534 overall