These tacos completely remind me of being in Michoacan, Mexico and enjoying some real home made food. 

Although this locations is always busy, the sheer quality and flavor of these tacos keeps me coming back no matter what. Right when you walk in, the enticing smoky aroma of meat on grill hits you right in the nose reassuring you that you're in for a good food experience. 

The first station you come across is the Al Pastor or adobada station. This is marinated shepherd style  pork meat cooked on a spit and sliced to order. This is actually very similar to shawarma. This meat is the perfect combination of sweet and salty. Neither one of the flavors overpowers the other and is paired wonderfully with some onions and cilantro. Don't just get these as the station next to this is my personal favorite.

The next station has all the little weird bits that completely. If you're a Bizarre Foods fan or pride yourself on being am adventurous foodie, you definitely want to stop by here. Ah yes, so, this station has beef tongue (to die for), tripas (beef intestines) which are very crunchy, cabeza (beef head), and this last one is my personal favorite buche (beef stomach). All of these meats are cooked to perfection and delicious to say the least. I would definitely recommend that everyone try all of these. I'm sure that these bits are something that not most have tried but, they are delicious. Writing this is making me hungry, lol, but on we go!

The final station is another favorite. Carne asada and chorizo (spicy Mexican sausage). These meats are grilled over actual charcoal which gives these meats
 the authentic flavor you must have for these tacos. The indoor hood over the grill is fantastic as the dining area does not fill with smoke like other establishments I've visited. Here you can also get some grilled jalapeños and grilled green onions, perfect combo with anything they serve.

I've only mentioned tacos so far but they also do amazing carne asada fries and nachos,  campechana fries which allows you to choose 3 different types of meats, sopes, mulitas and quesadillas! All should be washed down with a horchata or jamaica which will really round out the experience. 

Recommend this place? But of course!! As long as you're not in front of me that is lol! 

Happy Eats.