How good is Sam's? Well, I just got back from eating dinner here, and I couldn't think of anything I wanted to do more than write this review -- that's how good it is. 

I'm in town for business and a buddy who lives in the area suggested this place for dinner tonight, and boy am I glad he did! 

Let me start with the ambiance. Very nicely decorated and furnished in the Southwestern style that is common down here but done nicely, not gaudy or tacky in any way. There is a nice outside patio seating area, however considering I'm from Seattle and the temp was still pushing 100 degrees, we opted to sit inside.

Once we were seated, we were tempted to order the "Limit-2" margaritas that they are apparently famous for, but decided against it. After taking our drink order, the waitress brought us a basket of chips and a bowl of salsa.

Let me stop right here.

I knew just from looking at them, that these were no ordinary chips . Not only were they a mixture of different types of chips (regular tortillas, sweet potato, and wontons), but each type was topped in a different seasoning -- my favorite being the wonton chips topped in seasoning and some powdered sugar, giving it a sweet and spicy flavor at the same time. Amazing. I asked the waitress what the seasoning but I swear they were laced with cocaine as well. Hands down the best chips and salsa I've ever had in my life. I would go back just for that!

Once we overcame the confusion of what the "Super Salad" was (it turns out she was asking if I wanted soup OR salad), I ordered the Pueblo House Salad to start with. It was a very nice sized salad (could easily have been shared by two people if someone wanted to), and delicious with their honey chipotle vinaigrette dressing.

For the main course, I opted for the Santa Fe Stuffed Chicken Breast, which came off the "Sam-Mex" section of the menu. According to the menu, "Sam-Mex" was created by their executive chef with "the influence of Mexican, Spanish, Native American and American Southwest Cultures." The chicken breast was stuffed with herb-goat cheese and served over a roasted red pepper cream sauce with a pine nut & cilantro pesto, grilled asparagus and southwest rice.

Words cannot describe the amazing fusion of these different flavors as they combined into one superbly mind blowing dish.

I'll be honest, it was hard to concentrate on the conversation with my buddy as I was distracted each time I took a bite -- but don't let him know I said that!
 
At the end of the meal, as we opted not to order dessert (or the crazy margarita), we were treated to what the waitress referred to as "white chocolate tamales," compliments of the chef. Of course, know that I have read some of the other reviews on here, it seems that everyone gets these little treats, but whether the chef really intended for us to specifically have them or not was a mute point after tasting them -- a great finishing touch on an amazing meal. 

While I don't often get down to this part of the country, I will always have fond memories of this little "cafe" called, Sam's.