This place is so wonderful, I almost don't know where to start!

The food: Outstanding.  We started with chips & salsa, guacamole, and chicken anticuchos.  The salsa was one of the best we've ever had.  The guac, made fresh tableside, was to die for.  The chips?  Homemade and still warm.  The anticuchos were perfectly seasoned, on a bed of deliciously spicy mole, and just the right portion for a starter.  We were impressed and we hadn't even gotten to the main event!

I ordered the citrus-cured Chilean salmon.  Incredible.  Also, "huitlacoche & sweet corn puree" does not adequately prepare one for the smoky bites of heaven that are the side dish to the slightly caramelized fish.  My boyfriend ordered the chorizo porchetta, so melt-in-your-mouth tender that you could cut it with a fork.  Everything was beautifully plated, in portion sizes that are appropriate for such rich, flavorful food.

We left no room for dessert, but we can vouch for the bar:  fantastic cocktails (Bitter Bees was a really good one), and if you're a white wine drinker, either of the albarinos are great, but the Licia was a perfect pair with the rich salmon.

The atmosphere/service:  The restaurant is gorgeous, elegantly dark with chandeliers and a glowing salt wall.  It is also very warm;  we opted to sit outdoors.  Perfect choice - we dined under the stars, next to a fireplace.  Patio heaters keep the area comfortable.  The outdoor area is mostly lit by candles, so it can be a bit dark;  our waitress gave us a small flashlight, to make menu-reading easier, without us having to ask for such a thing.

It is loud - though slightly less so outdoors than in - and the service was pretty good for how crowded it was.  We were early for our reservations, and still were seated almost immediately.  (And I was surprised how busy they were, on a Monday night, when all the other restaurants in that area of Scottsdale were dead quiet... I think it speaks to the quality of food here!)

All in all, it was a top-rate dining experience, and a perfect start to our vacation - if we lived in the area, we'd go back again and again.