I'm in Los Reyes de la Torta!

I'm in, Los Reyes de la Torta!

No typos there my eagle eyed friends...I am happy to report that both are (in fact) correct!

Differences without a distinction!

I was reading a thread about over-hyped places the other day, on Yelp.

I wrote something pleasant, but inane and in my haste (doing four things at the same time), I misplaced a comma!

Other sharp-eyed correspondents pointed that out to me...and I'm as grateful for the unsolicited correction as I can be!

After lamenting my typo (and the very fat fingers that I use to type these little stories), I thought to myself "Donald, why not go to one of these very hyperbolically reviewed establishments and see if you can find that comma"?

After all, it has to be somewhere.

So, after a busy morning, what with working, building, producing, running, meetings, making money, special "mommy/daddy time" with the Beautiful Carin and so much more (you know..."the usual"), it was off to LRDLT for a Tuesday Retox.

I met a buddy (who has here been before and raves about this place) and I was hopeful (so very hopeful) that the place would live up to the hyperbole.

I couldn't have taken that disappointment, along with losing my comma.

I needn't have worried...the Del Rey Torta was everything I could have hoped for...and much more!

The whole menu looked terrific and I noticed that the joint was completely packed (even well before the normal lunch hour got into full swing).

Everyone in the place seemed to be happy and enjoying themselves...and why not, the food is cheap and tasty...the service is pleasant and efficient...what more could I ask of lunch?

Furthermore, the aroma coming from the kitchen was heavenly (always the first indicator, for me), so I settled in and ordered the King Torta...with a diet coke.

As my lunch friend says...Sofa King good!

And Sofa King huge...certainly the portions are large enough for a small family to share (I saw multiple examples of people sharing lunches).

But I do not share...if anybody tries to grab my victuals, they're going to hear angry growling and see bared teeth.

Especially when the grits are this good!

On a happy, sunny Tuesday morning, I found that some places really do live up to the hype.

And while it isn't Keen's Chop house, or Boulevard, LRDLT is Five Stars for what it is!

Oh, after lunch...I found my misplaced comma!

" , "

Insert it with care!