Talk about burrito reinvented Jaburritos style!! The irony is just recently on my visit to Sacramento saw my first glimpse into the whole concept burrito but sushi style. I became fan the first time but here at Jaburritos they truly take it to another level. It all the little details that really stand out. 

The quality of the fish is top notch with my favorite AYCE spots in town. The tuna and soft shell crab. I would say tuna definitely sashimi quality and soft shell as fresh as can be. It was tough with all the choices then to make matters worst is you can literally build your own burrito. On my first trip I wanted to try something off the menu and the Rockport is one of the more popular rolls. After inhaling both halves in record time can understand the popularity. The crispy fried soft shell crab combine with spicy tuna have perfect blend of crispy texture and one raw. Then you add the vegetables inside gives it even more body and textures going on. Bringing it all together with the Chipotle mayo and Sweet Anguila sauce. LOT LOT going on but all together LOVE LOVE LOVE it! Portion size there no skimpy portion here you get nice size amount of protein and really just looking at the burrito total WoW that burrito my friend. The rice in the burrito totally legit sushi rice! They also have salsa bar that can get even more creative with ideas. First time so never grabbed any but can assure you will the next visit. The way the line is set up makes for not only great entertainment. You get to see them make your burrito to order or if want create one watch your own masterpiece come together. The open kitchen you can really see the freshness in ALL the ingredients, every single item would want in my burrito, and cutting board area very clean. The place is insane busy right now being Hot and New business. I was impressed with the system they have three or four workers handing down the burritos and pumping them out. Still every single one is consistent the size, portion, and think that speaks volumes most part the whole menu burritos. 

Diversity is awesome. The taro chips with furikake. I grew with furikake in the 808. I think its the best thing on rice ever hands down. I would never think put some of it on fresh deep fried taro chips. Da Bomb! Those things are so addicting like everything else at Jaburritos make sure take my time enjoy the food. Lol! If looking for chips munch on these taro chips are delicious! The juices were looking good but saving those for another visit. Not just juices they have assortment of bottle beverages and fountain machine.

The staff is awesome! Talk about high energy, positive, friendly, and making the whole process watching them or creating your own burrito. Fun! The only thing found drawback is small place so there good chance going have wait for table or just eat outside in the parking lot or take out. Thankfully meet another yelper Suzy H got there earlier so I grabbed open table and worked out perfect. Table or not Jaburritos hot spot worth checking out. If you love sushi even more so need spot by.