SPICY PORK TACO! Adobada, how do I describe my love for this bad boy?

1) DAT SAUCE! The taco Gods were kind enough to share their nectar of life with us lowly beings and not only drizzle, but give this taco a drenching bath in a creamy sauce of deliciousness. I have no idea what kind of ingredients they put in this sauce, but I hope it's illegal because something that tastes this good is pure addiction.

2) SPICY PORK! Meat so huge its as though if you stuffed your face and tore meat from the bone with your own teeth. There was so much in this taco, they did not skimp out at all like some other places. It also had so much flavor, I am salivating just thinking about it. 

3) CILANTRO! SHUT THE FRONT DOOR! I am a huge cilantro lover and the herbiness with the cream sauce, pork meat, and corn tortilla was NOM NOM NOM! I can seriously ask for a ton more because cilantro is so amazing.

4) The adobada really isn't spicy according to my standards as I have a gazillion spice level tolerance. But, I poured a whole container of the green sauce they have to the side table, and it gave my tacos that extra kick with the cream sauce.

5) LITTLE MEXICAN LADY! How AWESOME & NICE can she be?!?! I called in to pick up 10 tacos for my friends and I. First thing she does is answer in Spanish, that's how you know this place is LEGIT! After asking to speak in English, I could tell that she was super busy with other customers in line. Drove for about 5 minutes, and i was expecting to wait in the store for our 10 tacos, but as soon as I walked up to the counter, she said "You called for the order Huh?" @__@ How did she know? I didn't even say a single word to her. Psychic powers? And out from under the counter she pulled the most beautiful plastic bag FULL of tacos already packaged in little plates, foils, plastic forks, spoons, napkins, sauces in containers, and horse radish in ziplock bags! Customer service was so fast, amazing, and nice at 10PM on a packed Sunday night that it made my taco taste a bazillion times better!

Tacos El Gordo, until we meet again in Vegas!