After reading some of the reviews, I had to try it! I haven't had too many 'fusion' type meals and so what better place to have it then somewhere Yelpers are constantly raving about!!

After a couple U-Turns, finally spotted the place.. I would of never noticed this place, probably even if I passed by everyday..

Came with chips, salsa and a guacamole dip: Chips were extra crispy/thick and kinda sweet. Salsa was ok and guac tasted pretty fresh.

Bul-Gogi (beef) taco: The beef tender, juicy and lots of flavor! Topped with Cabbage, tomato, cilantro, green onions.. Basically what you find in a typical mexican street taco.. All on a corn tortilla.  

Daeji-Gogi (pork) taco: The pork, tasted even better than the beef! Wow, I never underestimate the magic of pork but I felt it was slightly tastier!! Same toppings and also on a corn tortilla

* Both tacos were Excellent, they both had a slight distinct bitter bite to them probably from the cabbage and Both were Generously portioned (could probably split each one into 2 little ones by using 1 of the 2 corn tortillas per taco) Also, from the 3 hot sauce condiments (Chinese, Korean and Mexican), I prefered the Chinese hot sauce with either of the tacos (Warning - it definitely packed some heat!) I had Kimchi placed on the side and that was Delicious and another great addition to the tacos or even by itself.

I was gonna order more tacos but I wanted to try something other than the obvious so  I went with:

Pan Fried Fish: some type of white fish, filet on top of steamed white rice and "marinated soy sauce" This fish was sort of salty, smokey and just flaked right off. The sauce had that roasted sesame flavor and I believe was the key element of the dish. Poured the sauce all over the filet and every bite felt complete.. Great Strong Flavors and another Good Portioned dish

Unsweetened Brewed Mango Passionfruit Decaffeinated Iced Tea: came with raw sugar and regular sugar packets. I prefer one regular sugar pack per full serving. Smooth and Refreshing! 

Orange: Another freebee, a half orange ornately sliced as a fancy looking little fruit dessert..

Service felt very comfortable, Value was very wallet friendly in terms of quality and quantity, Atmosphere don't expect much.. But Who Cares! Come here to get a Great Tasting Budget Meal!