I like reading about food and restaurants...no question about it.

Some of my friends write the best stuff about carne asada, amuse bouche, foie gras and other gastro-porn delights (if there can be gastro-pubs, then there can be gastro-porn).

When my buddy, Hotdish, wrote a glowing review of Sonora Mesquite and their carne asada, I knew that I needed to try it out myself!

Really, it's not like I'm just following Joel around, eating lunch where he eats lunch, having drinks where he has drinks, going to the movies where he goes to the movies...well you get my drift...it's a complete coincidence that I just happen to show up at the same places at the same times!

I follow lots of you around...via Yelp (so you don't need to be too worried that I'll show up at your respective houses).

But you could frankly do worse than to stalk Joel and eat at the places he recommends...the man finds some gems and he really knows his victuals!

So I got the restraining order quashed and headed out to Sonora Mesquite for some of the best food I've had (and I've had some good stuff, believe you me).

I've been back 3 or 4 times since I first dropped by and it's so damn cute...Selena, the owner, greets me like a long lost son every time...and she never remembers that I've been in before!

That cracks me up!

Selena is like my wise Latina mom (well, except for the fact she's younger than I am...and I'm not really as Latin as I look in my profile picture)...she is so sweet!

And...she makes everything from the carne asada and barbacoa to the charro beans, salsa and guacamole, herself...fresh...from scratch...every day (BTW, the folks at the Mission need to drop by and get a Guacamole making and pricing lesson from Selena...$1.50 for the same size side of guac that costs $15.00 at Mission...and isn't as good...maybe you're paying to watch it made at Mission).

It's hard for me to recommend any one thing...the taco's are sublime, the quesa's are wonderful, the charro beans and rice are among the best in town...the carne asada is (as Joel testified) some of the best around...in short...Sonora Mesquite is a wonderful little find...and heavily in the current lunchtime, retox rotation.

Drop by, say "hola!" to Selena and have a taco or a quesadilla...tell her I sent you...she won't remember who the hell I am, but that's OK...she'll treat you like family anyway!