For my first visit to El Dorado, I awarded it 5 stars.  Can't get better than that, right?  Wrong!  It's even better when you're local and you go on Monday night, when the entire bill is 50% off.  I should have saved the 5th star for this update, because I can't give it 6.  

It didn't occur to me to make a reservation, because I thought that if we go after 8 p.m., the after-work crowd would have made getting a table a cinch.  Wrong again.  Life's nothing but a learning experience.

So we did manage to snag two seats at the bar (also not an easy task), and were more than ably attended to by Ashley.  Okay, so I didn't get to practice my Spanish, small price to pay for the excellent, friendly, and patient service.  But I did get to drink one helluva Margarita, while Mr. G stuck with the Sangria, same as last time.  Only problem is that I'm too short to reach the drinking end of a stemmed glass while sitting at the bar; they just have to raise those stools or find me a booster seat. 

We changed it up a bit this time, sharing the Chicken Feinstein once again, because we do love our carbs and fried onions.  The thinly sliced fried potatoes evoke fond memories of our favorite late great Spanish restaurant in New Jersey, and we love the fried eggs on top.  We took home enough for me to throw two eggs on top of the leftovers the next night, add a salad, and call it dinner for two.  

We also shared Paco's Mole Sampler.  Paco's the chef, and this dish shows off three distinct moles of Mexican cuisine: the most familiar dark, rich, chocolatey Oaxacan mole, the pungent Chile Poblano mole, enriched with pumpkin seeds, and the Guajillo Chile mole, a bit spicier and smokier.  All three were superb, and enhanced by the delicious cilantro rice accompanying them. 

After two visits (and craving a third), this will be our go-to place for all the friends and relatives who visit from out of town, as long as they make it a long weekend. They can take the red-eye home on Monday night and we'll have a shorter trip to take them back to the airport.

Viva El Dorado!