Ah, Viva.

One of my favorite Mexican spots in Henderson is way overdue for a review and I'm here to deliver.  From the get-go, the place feels very low-key yet festive in the sense that I am getting a taste of what a Mexican restaurant might be like down south with all the art and deco placed around the restaurant.  The waitresses usually dress in a festive manner as well and helps to set the mood when dining in.

As far as the entrees, the menu is quite extensive.  Majority of the time we roll through for lunch and get down on the lunch specials which is about ~30 dishes deep.  I'm a big fan of the camarones al mojo de ajo and the huevos rancheros but there are so many things to consider that I occasionally step outside of my box to try something new.  Regardless of what entree you choose to commit to, it always comes with a side of chips, salsa, and bean dip.  The real highlight here is the salsa.  Delish!! I always look forward to getting down on the red salsa here and most certainly get down on a second bowl of chips if I have the room to spare in my tummy.  Also, besides the aforementioned sides, the entrees come with a bowl of sopa de fideo.  Simple yet a very nice introductory touch to the meal.  By this point, with all apps considered, I am at least partially full or near there.  However, I definitely make space to get down on my entree'd flavors of the day.  The specials come out to be no more than $9.99 before tax.. my kind of price (and the food is definitely worth backing that price point up).

OH, don't forget about the bar section that sits right inside the door of the restaurant.  Usually, they have drink specials as long as you sit in the bar side of things.  There are a bunch of TVs situated above the bar so you can get your daily fill of all things sports while chugging down a nice cold cerveza or sippin' on an iced out guava margarita.. GUAVA MARGARITA?! Haven't seen this anywhere else and you're very welcome for the tip my friends.  No matter what your flavor is, the bar is definitely a good place to cruise at casually with friends or even if you are adamant about stopping by Viva for a solo mission.

Also, they have live music.  Not sure what nights (I thought it was just the weekends but heard of a possible Wednesday or even an sporadic Tuesday) but they always have good entertainment regardless who is playing the night you are there.

Kudos Viva Michoacan!  Hopefully I'll remember to try out the patio sometime and grub out while the weather is nice but, anyway, keep up the good work.. I'll be back soon enough.