Oh Phrank, I've got the hots for you!

My hubby tried Phat Phrank's last week with some coworkers and has been raving about the fish tacos every day since then.  I wanted in on the action, so when he had the opportunity to go out for lunch again, I met him there and had a great lunch.

The restaurant itself is in a small strip mall with a couple of other food places.  It is kind of hard to see from the street, so keep that in mind when you venture over here.  Once you find Phrank's, your happy tummy time begins!  You walk in the door and can smell the lovely Tex-Mex aromas swirling around the place.  Your mouth starts watering immediately and you get excited for the food to come.  Yummmm.  

Phat Phrank's is a small place though, with about 6 tables.  We got there and there was only 1 table open.  My hubby grabbed it while I waited in the really long line.  Within 2 minutes, the line was actually out of the door with people waiting.  Luckily the line moves pretty fast.  The food also comes out pretty quickly too, so there is a nice flow to the place.

After looking at the menu, I was torn between the carne asada and the pork chili verde plates.  I asked the one and only Phrank, who was working the counter, and he told me to go for the chili verde.  I trusted him and went with the verde.  Boy, was I happy with my choice!  The pork chili verde was so tender and tasty.  It had so many layers of flavor that it made you eat slowly to savor each bite.  Delish!

My hubby went for the fish tacos again.  He is addicted to fish tacos and gets them everywhere we go.  He says these are the best in town, hands down.  He really has tried dozens and dozens, so I trust him on fish tacos.  I was going to try a bite, but by the time I asked for one, he had already devoured them.  You snooze you lose, I guess.

The hot sauce here is really great good too.  I recommend the hot hot sauce.  It is super flavorful without being completely mouth burning.  It has some great depth to it and I had to ask for a second serving because it was that good!

The plates came with the main entree, as well as refried beans, Mexican rice, and homemade tortillas.  Now no one tell my Grandma, but the beans and tortillas were better than hers!  I have NEVER said that before because hers are the best of the best!  The beans from Phrank's were simply perfect and I could have eaten a whole pot of them them.  The flour tortillas tasted just like my grandma's homemade ones.    The tortillas were just AWESOME.  

If you have never had a homemade tortilla, you are missing out.  Luckily you can go to Phrank's and get some right now!