When visiting Vegas, there are a lot of reasons to stay on the strip.  El Dorado is a good reason to...adventure.

One of my pre-Vegas checklist items was "I want great Mexican food" - and while there were plenty of options that didn't require a cab, the reviews and pictures of this place pretty much spoke for themselves.

After several hours of thrill riding on top of the Stratosphere, we took a cab over to El Dorado.  (Yes, way closer than taking it from the Delano, we purposely planned it this way.)

First off - check in on Yelp.  I stress this only because El Dorado grants you a free flan.  You may think..yeah, i'm not much of a fan of flan...but this is different.  I'll get to that, trust me.

The chips and salsa pretty much followed us to the table - and when they say "that salsa (pointing at one bowl) is hot" they really do mean it.  Hot hot hot, but very good.  The others were much less "my mouth is on fire" and went pretty quickly.

Thirsty?  Yes.  Good thing the house margaritas are phenomenal - and big enough to last most of the meal.  Highly recommended.  Sip one, down one and sip one, down two and sip one...it all depends on how you plan on getting home.  ....Cab.

Don't blink an eye when contemplating the tableside guacamole - get it and eat it all.  Definitely in the top 5 "tableside guacamole experiences" i've ever had.

While there were plenty of tempting options on the menu, we wanted to try as many things as possible.  We ordered fish tacos immediately, and got four kinds of street tacos as well.   All.  Were.  Awesome.  You can close your eyes and just point at a bunch of stuff, you'll be happy with whatever comes.

Now you are full - but don't forget about that flan, which leads to a conversation about Chef Paco.  The epitome of a chef that cares about the food he makes, he came out to say hi and to make sure we enjoyed everything we ate.  That's when we found out that the flan is his grandmother's recipe, homemade on the daily.  Off the charts authentic - and absolutely delicious.  

Annnnd I'm all about good churros, so, of course, I had to order those too.  These guys had some weight to them and were also absolutely delicious.  Between the food, drinks, and two desserts...we were full for the rest of the day.

Everything here is organic, non-GMO, and fantastic.  Paco really cares about the food he prepares, and this is absolutely worth the trip.  

Oh, and did I mention it's open 24 hours?  WHAT?!?  

Next time we are in Vegas - we will 100% be back.  I wish I was there now, because I haven't had dinner yet and I...cannot eat the words I just typed.