When Stratos Lambos' restaurant group, Xenia Hospitality, decided to open up a taco joint on Montford...I was nervous.  Already a big fan of Illios Noches, and Big View Diner (but not so much Nolen Kitchen...but that's another story) which have Greek/Mediterranean menu items, I wasn't sure if a complete 180 into Mex could be executed well. However, the attention to quality ingredients and execution really shine through at MRT, and after 2 visits, I've added it to my list of favorites in Charlotte. 

The decor is total rock n' roll, and fits the Montford crowd well.  Graffiti-style painted walls with rockstars like Gene Simmons, even Bob Marley, among others make for a dark, music club vibe in one section.  The other part of the restaurant, brighter, windows facing the street, a more rustic industrial feel.  I love how laid back it is. 

The menu is nicely laid out-- appetizers of salsas (unlimited refills BTW), fundido, Mexican soup. I know the Charlotte Observer recently reviewed the restaurant and said the chips were inconsistent and greasy...but ours were nice and crispy.  Our server, Sterling said they've since improved the methods of their chips, no longer leaving them out, but freshly frying new batches throughout the day. It's nice to know they listen.  

Tortas, Mexican sandwiches are very flavorful and nicely balance of meat (or veggie) and depending on the sandwich, accompanied by a tart pickled veggie, or smooth creamy cheese or avocado.  I particularly like the special torta bread (one of the many locally sourced items) which is light and airy, but crisp and grilled/toasted on the outside. We had the braised short rib, which I could not stop eating. 

The main part of the menu is sectioned off by protein.  (Beef, chicken, shrimp, tuna...and veggie.)  You can then get each as a taco, burrito or salad.  I've had every single taco variety, which come on either corn or flour soft tortilla, or on bib lettuce.  (TIP: the lettuce wrap is a single piece of lettuce, which is difficult to contain all the overflowing yummies inside, but is a nice low-carb option nonetheless.) If you're getting an app, and a side (I HIGHLY suggest the street corn), you can probably get away with just two tacos, they're that filling.  (BTW: To the person who said the salsa is $7...ours was $3, and the tacos were only $3 apiece! Our bill for 2 people, app, main and dessert and drinks...$33!)

There is live music on the weekends, and drink specials...but to be honest, I'm more interested in the dessert.  The molten chipotle chocolate with chai ice cream and cinnamon sugar churros.  Yes.  You heard correctly.  This is the kind of dessert you eat once, and immediately start planning when you'll be able to get back to the restaurant for another one.  It's a sensory overload. This is not your average molten cake.  (I actually hate how it's on EVERY menu under the sun, and so often executed poorly.) This has an undertone of heat...and the molten portion is dark and gooey, and perfect for dipping the hot crispy churros.  The cool refreshing ice cream pairs so well...my only complaint is there isn't more ice cream served with the dish! 

I'm excited to try their lunch menu and the burritos real soon!