First off I'm a big hookah fan and I am very picky when it comes to it. I travel a lot so I try to check out some of the local lounges when I can. So far, this is one of the best lounge's I have been to. I have been to many states and tried a lot, so I never do this unless it's worth the five stars. This will actually be my first review for a hookah lounge but I hope to do many more. I look for five main things in a lounge so I can base it on the five star system Google uses. 

Star 1: Atmosphere 
 This place had everything any good lounge would need. The furniture was nice, very comfortable and had small tables that are easily moved around. Everyone seemed very friendly despite the fact that they may not know you. The music was great the whole night.

Star 2: The hookah itself.
      The hookahs were very clean and looked great overall. I could tell they were real Egyptian style hookahs from the look and the way it hit. The bowls were also very nice and were ceramic like most. The hoses where great

Star 3: Hookah setup. 
 I picked two different flavors of Starbuzz shisha and both turned out perfect. I have gone to places where they pack the bowls too much and it starts burning after about five minutes. This however was not the case for this lounge. I found each bowl (being by myself) to last about an hour and that blew me away. Some places skimp on the shisha to keep you buying more but not here. Coals were coconut so they had no bad taste and they lasted a long time. Clouds were great the whole session until the coals get small but once replaced they were good again.

Star 4: Menu
 The reason I have menu as a part of my scale is because some lounges overdo it. I have seen some with too many pages with useless crap add to them for, "good looks." I don't think that is ever necessary because people are only interested in three things: flavors, drinks, and food. The menu here was very straight forward, clean, and all on one page. Prices were normal, not expensive or anything but it's not going to murder your wallet either. They have drinks and great food. For the hookah, they have fruit to use as bowls to add real juice to shisha which in turn adds more flavor and sometimes longer session. 

Star 5: Service
 As you walk in the door you are greeted right away and they let you pick anywhere to sit. The staff makes you feel very welcome and are always walking around if you need them. Occasionally guests would have to wave some of the staff down for stuff but that's normal because they can't be in all places at once. Coals are always ready for guests when they need them. The owner himself even walks around to talk to everyone and makes sure everything is going well, that is a big plus. 

Overall, this place was great.  I had a good time and that's what matters. I wouldn't spend all this time writing about it if it wasn't worth it. 
I LOVE THIS PLACE.