My brother (Pat E., Elite Yelper, Pancake Lover) suggested we try Maize for lunch instead of our usual SUnday fare (eggs, pancakes). Our stomaches have been programmed to eat brunch style food on Sundays for as long as I remember. I'll be honest, I was a bit nervous going for Mexican, but it turned out to be a great choice!

We arrived around 12:30 on a Sunday afternoon. The restaurant was jam packed, which is not surprising because it's the size of a panic room. There's about 12-15 seats total in the place, and it's definitely crammed. They are actually in the process of opening up a sit down place in the area, and per one of the workers, it's in the final stages of opening. 

This was my bro's 2nd time here, so he took the lead. He ordered a ribeye taco, a fish taco, a hultihoche (corn smut) quesadilla, and a steak tlacoyo. The tlacoyo is bascially an open faced taco.

I ordered a steak (carne asada taco), a chorizo taco, a pumpkin flower quesadilla, and a pork (pastor) tlacoyo. We both decided to ask for our sour cream on the side for our tlacoyos, because we like being in control, and we wanted to use the SC for other dishes.

Only one word can describe my meal: A-MAIZE-ING (I'm sure I'm the first person to use this)!

Our food came out promptly. Our drinks were always full, and everything was extremely flavorful, including the salsas that came with our chips (we each had a few).

The tacos were topped with cilantro and onions. Quick note: Everything here is made with corn tortillas (get that white crap outta here!) Also, gluten free, if you swing that way. The carne asada was so good, and they didn't skimp on the portion size either! The chorizo was zesty but not spicy, which I preferred. I was expecting it to be sliced up like a sausage, but it was actually ground chorizo. Either way, the tacos were amazing! My only complaint.... too small! But for 2.25 a taco, a very fair price.

The pastor tlacoyo was the first dish I actually dove into. Topped with cheese, I added my sour cream quite liberally anyways, and I did not regret it! The pork did not have as much flavor as the other meats, but that's not to say it was bad. Still very good!! I added the darker salsa to the tlacoyo, which may have masked the flavor of the pork, but I'm not sure. You have the option of grilled or fried for this dish, and I went with grilled.

Finally, to the quesadilla, my favorite part of the meal. Filled with cheese and pumpkin flower, this was the best tasting dish for me. I also liked how the quesadilla came with lettuce and tomato, which can be placed on top or eaten by itself, which is what I did, along with the lighter salsa. At the end of the meal, I added sour cream to the top, which was amazing!

All in all, our 8 dishes added up to 25 dollars. Very reasonable for the amount of food! If you decide to eat here, yes, it's cramped, but I thought it was a cool experience. I thought it was weird how a group of 3 adults came with a baby, and nestled up in the corner. Not really a great place for kids, let alone babies.

There were plenty of to go orders being placed and picked up while we were there. They are very fast in the kitchen!

Highly recommended! After my last mexican dining experience (Fernando's in Chicago), this was the polar opposite. Great food, service, prices, and memorable, for all the right reasons. I can't wait to head back for my next visit!