It took me one bite of the salsa to know that the food, no matter what I ordered was going to be great.  I live in San Diego, which is fairly close to Mexico, and as such, has plenty of good Mexican food, so when it's bad or average, I'm going to recognize it. My personal theory is that the farther you get from Mexico, the worse the Mexican food becomes.
I don't normally write reviews, and the reason I'm writing the review isn't because of the great food, it's because of the extra mile they went.  Actually, probably quite a few extra miles. More on that later.

Initially, I wasn't so sure I was going to love it as I knew nothing about it other than our friends had chosen it after some research and the shuttle was coming to get us(a group of 9) at the Aria(new hotel, central on the strip).
A word of advice for anyone staying @ the Aria: good luck having a shuttle pick you up. This hotel "has two main entrances". Seriously, they both might as well be main entrances. This will no doubt cause some confusion for any shuttle driver coming to get you. As a result, we were off to a late start.

The story of the restuarant is kind of cool. Apparently the guy learned to cook the Michoacan style from nuns at a semenary. Transalation: authentico!

I don't even know the name of what I ordered. "Linda's plate" or something.  It's basically chicken w/ a specially prepared sauce.  It was fantastic.  Quite a few of the dishes appear to feature specialized sauces. I won't even go more into the details of the food than to see we all loved what we ordered, and much of what's on the menu is unique and not something you can find anywhere else, or at least, do not often find, or when you do it's "just ok". When in doubt, as your server, they will not lead you wrong.

Other highlights include the Mariachi band which played 4 songs for our group. They were great, and are something that I personally love. Reminds me of being a gringo tourist for some reason.

The reason for the review, however was the service. everyone was friendly, but where they really went the extra mile is that one of the members of our group had forgotten her purse in the shuttle on the return trip, but she didn't realize it until after the shuttle was already on the way back to the restuarant.  In case you are not aware, Las Vegas is probably the worst city in the world to run out of money.  Losing your purse it kind of a big deal.
They have our sincerest gratitude for finding the purse(with everything in it of course) and droving all the way back to the Aria just to drop it off for us and save us the cab fare it would have required to get it.
For that, we thank them, and for that, they get a glowing review.

To summarize: Totally worth going.  It is not always easy to find good Mexican food, and this place has great Mexican food.If you have questions on the menu, ask the staff and enjoy whatever it is they give you.  They will definately take care of you.