I originally saw the Spotted Donkey some time ago and thought they were out of business. It seems that they were just taking their time opening it to make sure everything was right. And they nailed it. When I first went in I wandered around and checked out the dining area, the lounge and the patios. All very impressive.  The only thing that struck me rather odd was the order pick up counter in the dining area did not seem to fit with the rest of the decor.  But the dining area also extends into the bar area, and if you sit there, you do not seem to notice it as much.

I first stopped for Happy Hour - and what a great Happy Hour. Draft and bottle beer - $3.00, appetizers for $4.00, and well drinks and frozen Margaritas $5.00.  I tried several of the "lite bites" including the Cinco Queso Dip, the guacamole, and the Taquitos - all were delicious. And, of course, they have Dos Equis Amber on tap which is a great plus.

I returned for dinner several nights later, and it was just as good.  They have an eclectic menu with a variety of standard Mexican dishes with slightly different ingredients in some to give them a different taste. Everything we tried was very good, and excellent blend of flavors, and hotness.

The service was very friendly and attentive, from the hostess to our servers, to the bartenders. It was the little things they did that showed they wanted our visit to be a pleasurable experience. They do have several high definition TV's, and we asked that one of them be changed to watch a game we were interested in. They had no problem with doing that, and actually went out of the way to find the channel.  We had a baby with us, and everyone was very helpful and friendly in accommodating us. 

I also requested fresh chopped jalapeno to sprinkle on some of my dishes, and they actually had it and brought it with no questions asked, and no extra charge (which does not happen often).

Although not as authentic as some of my favorite small Mexican restaurants, it is a great dining experience, and someplace that I can bring friends and visitors. The atmosphere and decor are rather trendy, but at the same time relaxing and comfortable. A great combination!!