Backyard Taco, what kind of magic or crack hath you bestowed upon your Carne Asada? 

Whatever it is, it's enough to make me drive all the way from North Chandler to fulfill a craving. 

Please ignore the symphony of gunshots as you roll up and a child choking incident on the patio like our first visit this summer.

Besides, I'm from Modesto, you don't scare me. ;) 

Just get in line.  You're in for a real treat. 

This place is very humble and totally adorable; limited indoor seating with the most excellent enclosed outdoor patio. Simple, clean metal tables and chairs. 

Also, can we talk about how clean the place is? Even during peak service times, someone is always hustling to clear away debris on tables or keeping that salsa bar spill and splatter free.

The menu is very simple, which is perfect. Think Tacos, Burritos, Gorditas, Quesadillas, and the Papa Loca (crazy potato, have yet to indulge, next up). 

So far, we've tried:

1) Tacos (Carne Asada, Birria, Pollo) - Never shorted on meat. 

2) Freaking MASSIVE Burrito (Carne Asada, duh) 

3) Quesadilla (I'm going to let you guess what meat!) - Surprisingly not a lot of cheese, which as someone with legit dairy sensitivities, I can get rocked with that!

When you walk in, you see the Carne Asada being cooked over mesquite chips, and ho lee WHACK that first bite is like hearing the Hallelujah Chorus - Tastebud Orgasm - Yeup, they exist! 

Just the right amount of seasoning, never tough, and you can't miss those mesquite notes.

Burrito, Taco, Quesadilla, whatever you choose, you will NOT be disappointed. 

And the afforementioned salsa bar is incredible. 

Especially the Birria, Tametada and Jalapeño ones; sweet Lawd the Birria one brought tears to my eyes with how hot it was on one particular visit. 

We've gotten out for under $13 with a Burrito, Quesadilla and a Drink.  

Incredibly affordable. Take THAT overpriced and under-delicious sit down Mexican joints!

Don't forget to check in for a free order of Chips and Salsa; the perfect compliment to your feast.

If the story about this place is true, I would TOTALLY follow the owner into someone's backyard just to get a shred of his culinary delights. 

Backyard Taco is the real deal. Make moves and plan your visit, mi gente!