2 years ago, me and my sweetie came into Phoenix from Denver for spring break. She elected to take me to the Mormon Easter celebration thing, and we decided to get something to snack on before going into the show. Not knowing any better we just stumbled along University Boulevard and saw a place that was "Taco something". It looked a little funky, but being hungry thought we'd give it a try. We got in there and we ordered the little barbacoa tacos. We got them with all the sauces (radishes and cucumbers) from the sauce bar. They were very tasty! When we return to Denver I figured I would find some good mexican food in the area. In the last 2 years , I have gone to Austin, Denver, Dallas, Houston, Palm Springs, San Francisco, San Luis Obispo, and Kansas City, looking for some good mexican food. I have gone out once a week in the Denver area seeking good food all to no avail. Once again this year she drags me down to Phoenix for spring break, and all I can think about is that little funky place with the great tasting tacos. I didn't know the name of it. I couldn't remember it. I have figured it was probably gone. so anyway we took off tonight and started driving down University Boulevard and lo and behold there it was! Backyard Taco! I was really excited, but prepared myself for disappointment, thinking that I had probably built it up way too much! we went in and the place was jammed packed! we ordered a chicken and barbacoa taco cuz I wasn't really so much hungry as I was looking for taste. I was surprised at the small price. The order came out and look exactly like I remember it. It couldn't be as good tasting as I had in my mind could it? Once again I looked it up from the sauce bar on everything and ordered myself a Mexican Coke made with real sugar. we sat down , the taste was amazing!! The beef has a great smoky flavor at all the sauces complimented the chicken and beef!  I plan on going back tomorrow and try one of the big burritos! I noticed that they also had won the 2015 best Mexican restaurant award for the local weekly hipster paper (sorry but I don't know what the name of the paper is but you know the name of the paper )... This place rules!