I have to admit, I'm very snobby about Mexican food, especially since I live in LA and I have traveled a few times to Mexico and had some great meals in these places. If I'm anywhere else in US (but Cali), I try to avoid Mexican because I feel like it won't measure up.

Our hosts wanted to take us to Cantina 1511 because they read good reviews about it - it's described as doing a modern twist on Mexican fare. We had a reservation, but still had to wait to get seated. The decor was just OK, the layout- the place is too wide, wherever you're seated you lack privacy. Not a fan.

The food - chips and salsa were OK. The guac was decent. The drinks- they have an extensive menu, we picked a drink- a new twist on Margarita, basically a pineapple drink on the rocks, it wasn't anything great, I barely could taste any alcohol, pretty weak. 

The food, that's another story. We ordered tacos and enchiladas. Someone in our party hated her enchiladas (Enchiladas de Pollo), the tortilla was hard and it did look strange, like they were too baked, over cooked. 

The tacos were OK (the selection was decent), we got Carne Asada, Ancho Pollo, Johnny Carnitas between us. The problem was the shell, it was so thin, that it broke once you had your first bite, which never happened to us before in a restaurant or at home (with shells you buy in stores). It was hard to enjoy them. The beans were fine, but my issue was with the rice. You serve white rice? Seriously? In a Mexican restaurant? It was blend, a bit sweet with some corn in it. The meal lacked authenticity, as I feared. Prices are high, I guess this is the "upscale" part.

The ambiance, there is none, they have huge TV-s, it's so loud that you can't have a conversation and I had to yell at our server so that he can take  my order. Not the way I like it. Also, we had a family with 3 kids behind us, so they placed a bassinet with a baby right behind my chair. And right when they brought my food, the other 2 kids started running  behind my chair, touching me, pushing me, yelling while the parents didn't seem to care less. Not an enjoyable, peaceful meal. 

As far as the Mexican upscale twist, well that's just a publicity stunt. Skip it if you're really into good Mexican food!