Birthday dinner with a party of 10 meant that we got to sit right in the middle of the restaurant, since we were too many for the octagon fish bowl room that's right by the hostess stand. 

Some of our party was straggling, so we sat and ordered our drinks.  I'd been warned that the margaritas were pricey, so I opted for the orange-raspberry sangria, since I was only drinking with dinner and then being the DD for the bar crawl afterwards.  What a disappointment.  Not only did it not taste like orange or raspberry (more like mango?) but it also didn't take anything like wine or anything alcoholic for that matter, and not in a "wow that goes down so easy because I can't taste the alcohol" kind of way.   I tried my friend's red sangria, and it was worse - it tasted off, not just bad, but as if the wine in it had gone bad.  Once the stragglers arrived, pitchers of margaritas were ordered, and I got to try one - all sour mix.  Did that thing even have tequila in it?  Seriously, for those prices, I would expect a buzz, and I did not get it.  

Fortunately the tableside guacamole was delicious.  Not sure why they can charge more at these places for you to see them make it in front of you - except that does prove that they're starting with fresh avocados, which I imagine is the main source of the expense.  They got it right - good balance of salt, jalapenos, tomatoes, and onions.  Not as good as mine, but best I've had in a restaurant in a long time.  The cheese dip was not as good  - too chunky for my taste, as if all the cheese hadn't melted thoroughly enough or properly (like when you try to melt low fat cheese).  The salsas had great flavor, as did the chips, which were already salted (good for me, but bad for your blood pressure).

Trying to be good, I opted for the veggie enchiladas.  Though not what I expected based on the description, they were good, and I don't even like corn, which is mostly what they tasted like to me.  There was zucchini was diced to be about the size of the corn, so really all I tasted was the corn and the sauces on top.   Both the green and the red were delicious.  The rice was blah, but the beans were quite nice.  

The server did an excellent job of separating out our checks, and didn't even include the usual automatic 18% gratuity, but you could tell that we weren't her favorite table.  She kept coming back every few minutes at the beginning asking if we were ready to order when our full party hadn't arrived, even when we told her that we'd wait for them.  And the other staff was aggressively removing stuff from the table, as soon as you put your fork down or you started getting air from the bottom of your beverage.  Also, in the process of clearing the chips and salsa, the server spilled almost an entire dish on John's sleeve, and didn't even flinch!  The whole thing made the dinner feel frantic, not enjoyable.

All in all, I would say go if you're craving some good guacamole and a Mexican beer, but eat before or after at somewhere where you get more value.