Before I discovered Cantina 1511, I couldn't find any really good Mexican restaurants in Charlotte.  Sure, I'd found some that were average where you could get your basic Mexican "fixins."  But it wasn't until I dined at Cantina that I said, "Yep, that's the one!"  Cantina isn't your traditional Mexican restaurant; it's more of an upscale/gourmet Mexican restaurant, but not at all pretentious.  The atmosphere is very jovial, lively, and casual.  I have yet to have a poor experience...for lunch, dinner, or even brunch!  

To start, they bring chips and two types of salsa (one red, one green, both delicious) to your table.  And if you're really daring and love it spicy, ask your server for the extra hot version!  Of course, everyone knows that by the time your main Mexican entree comes, you're already filled up on the chips and salsa; however, don't let that stop you from ordering the freshly made guacamole to go with the chips and salsa.  It's a little on the high-end pricewise, but it's well worth it.  They make the guac right at your table so you get to see all the fresh ingredients going into it.  Then once you take a bite...WOW.  You'll want to order it all the time.  It truly is the best guacamole I've ever tasted.  (Even better than the real authentic stuff in Mexico -- shhhh!)  

As for the entrees, I've tried a variety of items, but I keep going back to (1) the Enchiladas de Dennis (spinach, chicken, and cheese) and (2) the taco combination platter where you can pick one, two, or three tacos.  The shrimp and tilapia tacos are out of this world.  

And don't forget the drinks!  Both the mango margarita and white sangria leave me wanting more.  

One of my favorite afternoons was when three of us got out of work early for the day and went to Cantina for lunch.  It was the perfect spring day:  sun shining, temperature just right, and birds chirping.  We sat outside at Cantina to enjoy the beautiful weather, drank margaritas, and had a delicious lunch.  It doesn't get any better than that!