I've been patiently waiting to visit Cantina 1511 as it prepared to move to Park Road Shopping Center.  'I'll wait till they move to revisit (had great experiences many times in the past)."  "When they move to Park Road, parking will be better, I'll wait". "Ok, they've moved and re-opened, but no liquor license, doesn't work for 'Girls Night', I'll wait".  A month later, stop by for dinner on a Saturday night, 6:30, one hour wait, "Good for them, doesn't work for me tonight, movie plans, "I'll wait" 
Went today for lunch just before noon, no wait, Awesome.  Very attentive service, very nice wait staff, had all of our drinks refilled 4 times, mainly because it took nearly an hour for our food to arrive.  No special orders, basic burritos, torta.  Sorry, there was ONE special order: Big Burrito but without meat, no problem!  Food was decent for the most part, but the fries were cold and wimpy, and none of us had ever seen green peas in a  burrito before, or celery, but who were we to judge?!

So, overall, Meh experience so far.  Got the check, paid, wrapping up conversation when a MOUSE runs out from next to my chair and I watch it run clear across the restaurant floor underneath people's tables past their feet.  

I am not an alarmist and don't generally draw attention to the negatives.  On my way out, I asked very discreetly, to speak to a manager, thinking he should know.  He was totally unfazed. Told me there had been other 'sightings' of mice, just hadn't been able to see where they were coming from, told me they would 'probably' call their exterminator to set traps. I told him exactly where 'my' mouse came from and he said 'ok, sorry about that. How was everything else?'    Poor response.  Maybe he shouldn't have told me that there were other sightings, but he offered that info and it was disturbing that no action had already been taken.  Not really wanting to eat where mice are running around and doing their thing.

Again, wait staff was very good, kitchen could have been quicker, great guacamole, but the mouse did me in (not to mention the lack of concern by the management).

Sorry to say Goodbye Cantina, it was good while it lasted.