Thanks to all the Yelper's,  as we chose this restaurant for tonight's adventure.

You ask why I call it an adventure......because you never know the service that I am going to receive.

I started today's adventure via yelp, I investigated a few reviews, visited the website via yelp, and then placed my reservation online for 7pm.  Being that this was our first time here we arrived promptly at 6:54pm, we were greeted by three lovely young ladies at the hostess stand. We were seated immediately, in what I will refer to as the Tarzan room. (they must have known of my wild adventures in previous posts on yelp)

Our servers name was Ryan, he was very kind, polite, and efficient with his tasks of serving our needs of tex-mex food.  He asked if this was our first time in and of course, we replied yes. He was familiar with the specials and stated that if we needed any assistance with the choices he would be very willing to assist.  He allowed just enough time to look over the menu, and returned promptly to take our order.

Tonight's meal included 2 beef tacos, and the Mexican City Steak Fajitas. ( I have included a picture of my meal) Our drinks were Coke and water, he was very prompt with the refills.

The restaurant was very busy tonight, but the food was hot, fresh and very timely in it's arrival to our table. Unlike many of my other dining experiences, it is becoming less of an adventure and more of a tour of how a restaurant should be, efficient, and friendly.

The tortillas were very nice, fresh, crisp, and the salsa was very pleasant, not too hot, not too mild.  As momma bear says.....it was just right.

The music other Yelper's speak of was not much of a concern to us as we were in a separate room away from the main dining area. Our conversations were easily heard and was not too loud as others suggest.

When the meal came out, the portions were very reasonable, it was hot fresh, and very appealing.  My senses were blasting.  From the  sound of the fajitas, the smell of fresh cooked vegetables on a very hot skillet and the taste.....oh my it was delicious. ( It looks better than my photo as I did not want to use the flash)  The texture was very good, and I enjoyed the small side plate of fajita accessories which consisted of cheese, sour cream, lettuce, dices tomatoes, carrots, guac,  and onions. I needed more fajita bread, and our server had these delivered at no additional charge.

Based on this experience, I will provide 4 stars, it was less of an adventure, and more of an enjoyable night out.

Thanks Cantina 1511, for providing an easy and enjoyable meal, and for all you Yelper's who have not tried this place, go ahead, give 'em a try.  They have a beautiful patio, good food, nice atmosphere, and good service.

I may just have to use this experience as my gauge for 4 stars, I just can't see how tonight could have been much better.

NCFoodGuy