Short Review:
~ Service was lacking.
~ Lots of up charges we weren't told about.
~ Food was so so.
~ Bathroom was gross.

Detailed Review:
We decided to try this place out for a Girl's Dinner/Night Out. I saw that it got mixed reviews on Yelp but decided to give it a try. First, who ever heard of any Mexican restaurant that charges for chips and salsa?? They were only $2.95 for bottomless chips but I love Mexican food and have never, ever been charged for them. Because I checked in on Yelp I ended up getting a coupon for the chips anyway. Our waitress Megan R. was very nice but in the end was lacking. We started off by ordering a couple of margaritas (2 regular and one virgin) and an order of Mexican corn. About 5 minutes later a gentleman brought over 2 regular margaritas. I asked him about my virgin margarita and he said that he only had a ticket for the 2 regular and maybe it was on a different ticket. Ok? A few more minutes later Megan comes by to say they were making it now (not sure if she forgot to put it in). We ended up ordering our food. 3 of us got enchiladas (comes with rice and beans too) and one of us got tacos. One of the girls ordered enchiladas with no beans only rice and queso sauce on the side and the regular green sauce on the enchilada and another one ordered enchiladas with queso sauce on the enchilada and the red sauce on the side also. At this time I asked Megan for some lemons for my water. Another gentleman brought out our food and it looked good. My enchilada was hot but the other 2 girls said their enchiladas were only lukewarm. Megan stopped by to check on us and we told her about the enchiladas. I still hadn't received the lemons so I asked Megan for them again. The manager came over and took the enchiladas back to be redone. After awhile they brought the redone enchiladas back out and I finally got my lemons. We ended up getting our check and the manager did take the 2 enchiladas off that had to be redone. We did notice on the check that they also charged us $6 ($3 each) for the sauces on the side and an extra $2.25 for the person that only wanted rice no beans. We did mention to the manager that the servers might want to mention when you order if they are going to charge more for extra sauce or a substitutions (we didn't see anything on the menu about the extra charges). They also forgot to take off the chips in the end. On another note, I did visit the bathroom during my visit and it was disgusting. Definitely needed a good cleaning. There was stuff on the walls that I don't even want to start to think about what it was. Plus it smelled in there. Basically we won't be returning here again.