Mmmmmm Nachos!!!! There are a few top foods on my list and Nachos are one of them and let me tell you they must be made right or you can just destroy the almighty dish of nachos. Now this place has it.

Here we are driving around running errands for the day and my wife kids and I wanted some mexican food. We said hey theirs that place by the house called Nacho Daddy lets go check it out. so our first time there We literately drove in the parking lot and then said hmm. This place does not look like a place to take our kids. (ages 13,11,5) Because it has the whole sports bar with food look and feel to it. So we decided to just turn away and hit up taco bell and called it a night. 

About a week goes by and its time for date night with my wife and yes. We chose Mexican food for dinner. There was no better time than the present to try out this "sports bar that serves food" Nacho Daddy.

Wow we were total wrong. I should have listened to my mom, "never judge a book by its cover" anyway, we opened the doors to paradise and we were immediately welcomed by the host and much to my surprise it was a complete sit down restaurant on one side and a sports bar on the other. We sat on the restaurant side where we were surrounded by flat screen TVs playing music videos and sports games. Pretty cool mix if you ask me. 

So as I said in the beginning you can just destroy Nachos or you can reinvent nachos just as this place has done! The menu is filled with so many different types of nachos. I did not even think it was possible to have chips and cheese taste like you just bit into a burger, or feel like your eating a delicious seafood plate. Its crazy!

Can you guess what I went with! I'm a burger and fries kinda a guy so your right. Burger Nachos. I was very selectable at first I mean come on. Hamburger flavored Nachos! Let me tell you its one of there best on the list next to the PBR Nachos. holy crap those are great!! 

Our service was great, the place was packed and I still had a full cup and was not overly bothered by the waitress coming by every couple of min. asking if everything is ok. She asked one time and then made frequent visit with a smile and refilling our drinks and making sure we had plenty of napkins. 

Back to the whole driving away and judging a book by its cover. After our date night and checking out the seen I must say that this is a great family restaurant, a great hang out spot or date night! Great food to choose from and its all in a fun and lively environment. The price is not terrible but when you think about dropping 10 bucks for a plate of nachos its a little steep but that plate is piled high!