Oh Nacho Daddy how you've disappointed me.....

As if the first experience wasn't bad enough, I decided to give them a second try, which was equally as bad.

I wont even go into my first experience about how their bar was apparently "shut down" and or "broken" last year for Cinco De Mayo and we couldn't get any drinks. Like, what does that even mean your bar is broken? You're a Mexican restaurant on Cinco De Mayo and I can't order a margarita???

So last night..... We got there at about 8:30 for some late Cinco De Mayo drinks (tried it once more since it's close to my work). Took about 30 minutes to be seated, as expected on a holiday as so. Once we were seated we IMMIDIATELY ordered drinks, chips & guacamole/salsa because we knew it was a big crowd and didn't want to waste any time. It took, no exaggeration, about another 20/25 minutes to receive our drinks & chips & dip..... Drinks, I sort of understand... chips, there is no reason it should take that long to bring over to the table. The drinks were DECENT, nothing to brag about.... but at $10 for a small margarita, off the strip, on cinco de mayo, I feel as if they should've been a lot better for the money. 

Now, here's what really annoyed me......We sat on the back patio, when we got there it was pretty nice out. But throughout the night, the wind started to pick up a little. As the customers at the table beside me left, I watched the table sit there for about thirty minutes with all of their plates and trash still on it, with out anyone cleaning it up. Typically I wouldn't mind, but considering it was getting fairly windy, the trash started to blow EVERYWHERE. And by everywhere I mean dirty napkins flew into my food, in addition to the surrounding tables and all over the floor. I watched our waitress look down and kick the empty to-go box out of her way, and then proceed to go back inside.......... It wasn't until about 15 minutes later that she finally came back out, when I had to ask if she could please clean up the table and the trash so that it wouldn't continue to blow onto my table. She looked at me with some death stare and proceeded to tell me "I was getting to that." 20 minutes later..... nothing...... I finally ended up cleaning some of the napkins and to-go boxes on my own and bringing them inside to another waitress so that I didn't have to look at it any longer..... I was going to order dinner, but considering it took over an hour and a half to even just get 2 margaritas, I was a little over it...

Not only that, but once we got the bill we were in for a surprise.... $65 for 4 margaritas and chips w/ guac..... The chips alone were $10.... 

Essentially what I'm getting at, is for $65 I could've bussed my own tables at home and had an entire Mexican fiesta for that! Totally not worth it. If you're into overpriced chips and cleaning other customers messes' check it out. If not, I wouldn't waste your time.