CJ, a manager, had contacted me and asked me to call him about my experiences. We chatted and I said I would give them another try. 

Amy recognized me (good or bad, I was impressed) and made no bones about apologizing for that first night and expressing her hope that this time would be different. We shared pleasantries and my guests and I bellied up to the bar for our meal.

CJ introduced himself, offered to make us some drinks, and seemed on a mission to make the perfect blackberry margarita. He didn't fail; the drink was great! Fresh and fruity, he made it with muddled blackberries and fresh limes (no mixes!). It was delicious.

Guacamole Flight - The chipotle had the bite to it that I was hoping for (chipotle, duh?) but it was undercut by too much acid. It challenged what should have been a yummy chipotle smokiness. The plain guacamole was just that, plain, and the mango was plain with mango chunks thrown in. Edible, but I was hoping for more ingenuity, flavor. We tried a little salt in to pop it a bit, but no go. The texture of all three was perfect, so credit where it's due.

Salad: Caesar. Sysco? It didn't taste like a house made dressing. Meh.

The BBQ nachos came out as a small size when he ordered the large. They fixed it quickly. My friend really enjoyed the combination and found it to be tasty and well executed. I liked the BBQ sauce but thought it needed more cheese. That said, the flavors were good and the chicken was tender. A good dish.

Florentine nachos. I was skeptical about the cheese sauce; I tried it before and found it supremely disappointing. CJ gave us a small ramikin of it with some chips and we loved it. The cheese was perfect, the prosciutto was crispy, the spinach chips were fresh, and it all worked together very well. I even took my leftovers home and fed them to friends. I don't really do leftovers, much less nachos, but these were worth sharing that night. 

The chicken sandwich was a bit on the dry side, but overall it was a decent, basic, grilled chicken sandwich. The sweet potato fries really made my friend happy. 

The service was great. Friendly, quick with the drink refills, and extremely helpful if anything was needed. We really were very well taken care of.

Full disclosure: We were well into our entrees when CJ mentioned he was going to buy our entrees (we covered the rest). It was appreciated. It was a welcome combination of excellent service, tasty food, and - yes, I checked - clean and stocked bathrooms! While there were some standout points, I am still hesitant to give too many stars... not everyone will have this experience, and as much as it was appreciated and very good, it's not the daily M.O.

***
I knew it would be a singular and special visit if I was to be waited on by the manager. Balance, fairness and *reality* are key, so I did go in and see him... but I also went again as a "regular" customer.
***

Amy recognized me right away. After I was seated, our waitress, Sam, immediately came over and took my drink order. As recommended, I tried the red sangria. She said it was not as sweet as some sangrias but fruit came on the side. The (small!) glass came packed with ice, garnished with lemon and lime wedges. So, slightly sweetened red wine over ice. It wasn't a bad drink, per se; but it wasn't a good sangria. The citrus helped, but I wanted more fruit, depth, and, yes, more actual drink.

We opted instead for a pitcher of the blackberry margaritas. Just as I remembered them, sweet but not too sweet, freshly made, and packed with real fruit. Score!

The chips were a bit too oily and needed salt, which we added. Still, they were good, hot, freshly made and crisp.

Dinner: Sonoran Dog sans bun or beans. We got the hot dog, wrapped in bacon (crispy! yay!), on a plate with ramikins of cheese, mayo, mustard, and diced tomatoes. My avocado-lime "salsita" (*great* kick to it!) was missing and had to be requested. Suggestion: replace the bun with lettuce and create the dish as you would with a bun. The presentation fell flat and, because it wasn't constructed, the flavors, too, were missing something. The veggies (instead of fries) were fabulous! Corn, onions, and peppers well roasted and seasoned. Best thing here so far!

The coconut flan was generously portioned, creamy, and the caramel sauce was very, very good. Rich and flavorful, it was perfect.

And, yes, we checked...the bathrooms needed attention. Once I commented on it, they were better, but far from good, clean, and well stocked.

The "entertainment" wasn't. It was unfunny, way too loud, prohibitive to conversation, and, for a family place on a Thursday, rude and inappropriate.

***
Overall? I commend them for their efforts, but it's still "Meh, I've experienced better." Amy, CJ, and Sam are amazing, and there are some rare menu highlights, but I am just not excited about it.