It has taken me almost 7 months to write this review because I really tried to like this place, I really did! My journey with Nacho Daddy started back in December when it first opened. We went 3 times in the first 2 weeks and my girlfriend ordered the exact same thing and each time it was dramatically different. To make matters worse every time I would order something the wait staff would come out about 5 minutes later and inform me they were out of what I ordered... so I would have to pick something else. So we chalk it up to it being a new restaurant and we decide to give it a few weeks to allow them to sort out their issues and we will try it again. 

Now its the end of January and we give it another shot. My GF orders the "make your own nachos" and again it comes out completely different from show she orders it. To make it worse my Sonora Dog is burnt and should have never been sent out... but it was and with the burnt spots covered with beans to hide it. This time we bring it to management's attention and their answer is that its a computer problem... last time I checked Computers don't burn food. So we are done! 

Last week (Father's Day) we have some friends come to town and they decide they want to give Nacho Daddy a shot since its been 6 months and we were so excited for it to open last time they were out. This time they nail it! Everything was perfect and we think that the place figured it out... 

Unfortunately we go back 2 days later for lunch and they are back to their same old crap. We ordered the same thing as we did 2 days earlier and they come out with 2 completely different dishes than before and the plates arrive 10 minutes apart. The waitress is stressed out because the cook has messed up all 4 tables that are currently seated. Orders are coming out 1 item at a time and wrong (not to mention mine was cold) and she tells me that this is nothing new.

For a company that is owned by Zappos.com, I am absolutely baffled that this place can be such a mess! You would think that after 7 months you could hire a GM and a Kitchen Manager that could figure out how to train the kitchen staff and keep the place consistent. I feel bad for the poor waitresses who live off of the tips that can't be that great when the food is always messed up. Customer service from the wait staff has always been good considering the kitchen staff sucks. 

If I was Zappos I would pull the plug on this failed attempt at merging two impossible foods together... chips and cheese don't mix... well, apparently they don't at Nacho Daddy.