Where do I even start? I was with a group of six and we all decided to try something new, so we walked over to Hussongs Cantina outside of Mandalay Bay. We were seated right away because well there was no one else eating there. This should have shot red flags in our heads right away. 

We were brought water right away, however we waited about 10-15 minutes to even have our drink orders taken. Our waiter took our order after about another 5-10 minutes. Another worker brought us chips and two kinds of salsa. The chips were actually very good. The salsas were more of a smokey paste. No one enjoyed the salsa, so we just ate the chips. I would like to add that all of us have grown up on authentic Mexican food and this was not it. 

Finally our food comes out. Three people ordered the nachos, One order enchiladas, another a burrito and I ordered a plate that included chicken, chorrizo, carrots and tortillas covered in queso. The queso was more of a solid that a liquid, it actually took me the whole meal to figure out that it was the queso. Not one person finished more than half of their meal, It was HORRIBLE. One girl took one bite and shoved her plate away. 

Now, I can forgive less than wonderful food if I have great service. The last time we had seen our waiter was when he took our order. He never checked on how our food was. Another one of my friends was missing part of her meal and never got it because no one ever came by. We saw the water lady 3 times as much as our own waiter. Let me remind you that NO ONE was in the place so it was not like he was very busy with tables. 

FINALLY, he swings by the table and we ask for the bill. Four of us paid in cash, we told him to split whatever was left on the bill after the cash on the two cards. He walks aways, comes back about a minute later and throws everything on the table and says "I don't understand, I don't know who's money goes with what" We didn't care if every person paid for specifically what they had, we just wanted out. So he goes through our tab with  us and splits it up specifically even though we told him to just use the cash then with the remainder of the bill, split it equally on the cards. He comes back with six bills. Clearly this was too hard for him. We paid and RAN out of there. 

THE WORST PLACE I HAVE EVER EATEN AND THE WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD. 

We would not even step foot in there the next night when they were giving out free shots, that says a lot.