Methinks this place is a complete rip off.  I read the reviews on Yelp and was excited to give this place a try on our recent trip to Vegas.  What an extremely disappointing experience.  We got there during happy hour and the margaritas were 2 for 1.  Cool......even better.  Well not so much.  First the place was not crowded in the least, however, it was taking forever for someone to take our order.  Finally we had to ASK to be served.  The margaritas come in a plastic cup with lots of ice and no lime!  Had to ASK for lime in the margarita.  Okay.....not off to a great start here.  It didn't get much better.  The margaritas sucked!  The worst we have ever had!  Not a bit of flavor, sure the alcohol level was close to zero.  The waitress comes around and we tell her these taste like crap.  She points to a jug of premade margaritas behind the bar and tells us this is what they serve during happy hour!  Really.........I say, well why don't you change your sign out front advertising 2 for 1 margartias during happy hour but beware..........they are premade and tast like crap.  The margaritas you get for $1 at some casinos in Vegas were 10 times better; which is not saying much at all!   The waitress left and asked if she could make it better by bringing us all a shot.  She comes back with 4 shots of tequilla that smelled as bad as it tasted.  I tried putting it in the margarita to give it some kick and or flavor.  Oh my........I couldn't even drink my watered down tastless margarita after that.  I don't know what the hell kind of tequilla that was but I am sure it is the happy hour special crap they try and pawn off on unexpecting customers.  Definately save your money and time and go to Margaritaville on the strip.  That place is the bomb.  Way better margaritas, service and atmosphere.  Plus the nachos are awesome!  We had Hussongs nachos, once again on the happy hour menu, and they sucked as well.  You get about 6 chips and a crap load of beans and cheese.  Hussongs definately does not have it going on.  This was the only disappointing experience during our trip and we visited lots of places on the strip.  Margaritaville rocks.  Give it a try and mark this place off your list of things to do in Vegas.