I am writing this as a very angry customer.  I have been to this place many times and love the food and atmosphere.  Yesterday on my way home went thru the drive thru (1st time ever) and it was difficult to understand the worker and we went back and forth about the order for too long.  I waited and the food came out at an acceptable time.  I did not check my order and went home. (about 7 miles away).  When I got home I discovered that we did not have our complete order.  All that was in the bag was the chips and salsa...NOT THE 2 burritos I ordered.  I was pretty mad because now I had to drive all the way back and get this corrected.  Driving over I calmed down and thought this may be my error for driving off too quickly.  I entered the dining room and waited my turn.  I told the cashier the issue (even said it may have been my fault)and suddenly the drive thru clerk appeared with the 2 burritos.  I told the cashier that I wanted them re-made because it had been about 30 minutes and I did not want cold food.  At this point the drive thru clerk started to argue with me and told me this was my fault.  I was not about to argue about who's fault this was, so I asked for a a full refund, and I would eat somewhere else  The drive thru clerk said some other things and walked away.  the cashier refunded my credit card transaction in cash.  A manager finally approached and told me that I should always ask for a manager if there is a problem, I told her I informed the cashier of the issue and her employee wanted to start an argument so I asked for a refund and wanted to be on my way.  The only thing she could say was "would you like me to cook your food?"  I said no and left.  

My biggest issue with this whole situation is that NO EMPLOYEE EVER SAID SORRY.  I understand the mistakes get made, but to start an argument with a customer is not acceptable, and to not apologize for the error or your employees actions in unacceptable.  

This experience will probably keep me from ever returning to this place