We like to cook but there we were on a lazy Saturday & wiped out from the office. We needed a place to nourish us. After deciphering what the Miss requested in our next food outing I suggested this place. By the grace of Cheesus she agreed & we made like a baby & head out. On the way over I was in a surreal state of calm, as if a higher power was at work here. After all milagro means miracle, in case you're a gringo. It's rare I hit a homer on the first pitch.  

So this place was jammin when we pulled up. It didn't jive with our current survival mood that we were in at the time. We needed sustenance, a dark corner to order mass amounts of comfort food & stuff our faces without the shame of onlookers nearby. We locked eyes for a second & nodded as if to say, this is it, let's make the best of it.

The place was. well kinda stunning. They had a dj on the patio & the atmosphere was lively. We chose to stay inside tho. They were repaving the roads & it wreaked of asphalt outside.

Our server was very nice. I ordered the chilaquiles with chicken & she had the flat bread breakfast. When my food arrived I looked over my grub & felt somewhat guilty. I mean, not only am I having eggs, I'm eating the damn chicken in there too. Luckily tho I'm very resilient as that feeling quickly ran out the back door as I plunged, fork first into this giant plate of grub! The flavors & texture were spot on & got even better when I asked for some salsa. Theirs has this rich, rustic quality to it that complimented my dish very well. The chicken was .....ehh it was ok. Next time I think I'll order it with the steak.

The woman's brunch looked great. She was kind enuff to throw me a slice to try. The chorizo was the star here. It was like a bouncer at a cantina in Juarez. You can have a good time, you can get jiggy in the bathroom, you can pee in a potted plant...but if you get outta line, the bouncer will let you know. That was the chorizo here. It commanded attention but it wasn't too spicy, just flavorful.

I also saw something about bottomless mimosas. This was not a drinking brunch for us but had it been, we woulda taken full advantage of that & proly not asked to return. All in all this place was a pleasant surprise. The staff seemed like they have fun with each other but not to the detriment of service. I would recommend this place for brunch, especially if you wanna get your drink on. We will be back, perhaps for dinner & I'll let you know how that goes.