I hate to leave such a poor review and was honestly excited to try this place and the ambiance is very nice, but overall the food was not impressive enough to ever come back considering the awful service we received. 

The restaurant was quite empty (far from packed) when we arrived, and we waited over ten minutes to even be greeted by our server, nearly fifteen minutes to receive our margaritas, and after finally dropping off our margaritas, our server said she would "go check on our chips and salsa" (ordered at the same time as our drinks) - as if it was a dish they actually had to prepare! Chips and salsa should not take more than five minutes to arrive to the table at a Mexican restaurant - all they need to do is plop it on a plate and bring to the table. 

Once the margaritas finally arrived, they tasted like straight up lime juice. We waited a few minutes and our server was nowhere to be seen, so I had to grab the attention of a staff member bussing another table to order an extra shot of tequila to add and make them actually taste like a standard, alcoholic beverage. 

A member of the kitchen staff/busser also brought the chips and salsa to our table, I guess our server could not be bothered to. They also served us our food. 

Our server finally came back once after we'd had our food for over fifteen minutes and just asked "are you guys good?". The only other time she returned was to bring us our check, at which point she tried to make small talk with us (maybe to try and salvage the tip?) and told us she was "still recovering" from a music festival she'd attended the prior weekend. Cool story, bro, but that's not an excuse for providing terrible service when you aren't actually busy.

Skip the salsa trio, I wasn't too impressed by any of them (the yellow one was just odd). The chips were good and warm. Their Papas fritas were the best part of the meal, I would recommend those. The entrees we ordered were just okay, not bad but nothing outstanding about them.

Unfortunately we won't be back.