My initial impression walking into Agave was a little skeptical. I had read a few reviews about this place and wasn't really sure what to expect upon arrival. The hostess was a little strange and seemed slightly aloof since she wasn't sure if we could sit out at the patio. Thankfully we found the bar quickly and immediately made it our base. 

The happy hour was our initial interest in coming here since we heard great things about the tacos and margaritas. An odd time frame for the happy hour but still interesting and amusing, the happy hour starts at 4:02 till 6:37 and after 10 pm daily. We sat down at big comfy swivel bar stools that served well in aiding to our experience. The ambiance in the whole restaurant is very eclectic and I wasn't really sure the exact theme of the place since the decor ranged from bright pink walls adorned with stained glass windows to high birch wood ceilings with great light fixtures that included Moroccan style star lanterns and large multiple pronged rustic chandeliers. The bar itself is the focal point of the entire restaurant. Smack dab in the middle this giant wrap around bar with 6 flat screens and every exotic tequila imaginable; including a bottle of Patron that goes for 65 bucks a shot! 

Finally on to the good stuff! Jointly we ordered every happy hour taco available. We tried 1 al pastor, 1 lamb, 3 chicken, and 9 carnitas tacos. As you can tell we fancied the carnitas tacos and for good reason too. Dripping with juices these tacos were garnished with freshly prepared cactus body salsa. 

This place has all the right ingredients for a 5 star restaurant. The only reason I'm holding back on the 5th star is because of their margaritas which I thought were a little too sour and not strong enough which might only reflect the skill of the bar tender. 

Lastly, I had a few words with the manager about the restaurant and the progress and current state of the place. He told me there were many improvements in store for this place. I'll definitely be back to check Agave out in the next few weeks. 

This is an excellent place to investigate, make sure you catch the happy hour!