Wow, I can't believe it took me this long to try Agave. I will definitely be back again soon. Here's the rundown.

The building looks a little out of place with it's eccentric architecture in the middle of a bundle of chain restaurants. However, once you step inside I felt like I had been transported to another place.  We chose to dine outside and even though the parking lot and busy road were on the other side of the wall, we didn't notice. There is a lot of outdoor greenery, a waterfall, and at least two fireplaces.  Very cozy benches and chairs for outside dining also.

On to the food: some of the best salsa I've had in a long time. 3 different types come with the free nachos. The guacamole was pretty good, but I could pass on it next time as it was pretty filling.

Blue Corn Crab cake: Outstanding! Again one of the best crab cakes I've had in a long time also. Quite tasty and the perfect sized portion.

The cocktails were good as well - not too strong but went down well in the warm, outside air. I need to try the tequila flight next time...

Entrees: Taco sampler: GREAT. Crispy, soft taco shells (I know right??! But yes crispy AND soft!). Also had the Tampiquena Style steak: tasty but a little over seasoned (too salty?). Would pass on the steak next time and get more tacos or another dish.

We were much too full for dessert but there were some tempting options.  

Service was a tad slow and not as attentive as I'd like but I've also come to unfortunately expect that in Vegas when there are few other diners outside. The shaded area outside is misleadingly cooler than I expected, likely prompting the other diners to stay inside who wish to avoid the Vegas heat.

Our server did tell us about their great sounding Happy Hour: 4-6:30pm and 10pm - closing every day: 25 cent tacos and $1 mini Coronas.  (can you say bucket of beer?)

I'm confused as to why Agave isn't one of the more hopping late night spots in Summerlin (maybe it is but word of mouth is slow??) since it's got a great atmosphere, decent bar area, great outdoor dining, and the solid happy hour. I'd much rather hang here than some spots at say Boca Park that always seem to be bustling.

The best part about Agave? VALUE. The prices were reasonable.

I'll be back.