Friendly Staff, huge portions, Nontraditional "3.5 Star" Mexican Food
Drink Strength, Dessert, and Service gave them the extra half star.

I understand how someone could have a bad experience here.  When the tortilla chips and salsa's were delivered to the table they looked lovely, but lacked in flavor, texture, and were watery. Their blue corn tortilla chips were excellent but they only made up 10% of the chips in the basket, and the corn tortilla chips did not compare. Waiting and snacking on this appetizer doesn't put you in the right frame of mind - thinking that the rest of the food will be great.

   Two limes, some salt, and a bottle of cholula sauce later, 
   our Main dishes arrived and these seasonings saved the day.  

We started with the Potato Portobello Mushroom tacos.  The tacos were in theory a great idea, my Uncle loved them, but all I could taste was potato.  The flavor had a lot more potential.  They could easily be improved by cutting the Portobello thicker, and marinating the mushrooms before they're cooked.  Perhaps grilling some white onions cut long and thin would enhance the flavor profile too.

On the upside the Margaritas were pretty big, and reasonably priced for their size.  :-) This makes most Yelpers very happy. Well done Agave.

Our second dish that arrived was the Filet Mignon Steak Fajitas.  Priced at $16 this dish is incredible; the quality of the meat alone and the amount included warranted a much higher price. Rice, beans, and  fresh tortillas (the tortillas were delicious), definitely helped. These guys do not over season and I doubt they add salt.  So you're probably going to want to ask ahead of time for lime, something spicy, and some salt.  After I doctored up the Fajitas they were delicious.  They had potential, but didn't  quite live up to it.

In theory this restaurant is awesome.  Huge high ceilings, spacious booths, long wrap around bar, nice staff, fair prices, and all around plenty of parking in the shopping center they are in.  Really enjoyed our meal here.  I really wanted to give them a fourth star, but the flavors here just fell a little short. Now that's not to say that I wouldn't be back.  I will definitely come here again when I'm in the mood for Steak Fajitas.

Unreal Dessert.  5 Stars for their Coconut & Espresso Flan.  
3 Stars overall for food.
5 Stars for portion Size.


Date Rating: 7
Pick up Scale: 1

Strong Suggestion: Ask for hot sauce, lime, and salt.  Definitely helpful.