This cute, fun place is located in the Clarendon hotel in Phoenix, off 3rd Ave and Indian School.

The prices are reasonable, the food is absolutely delicious, and the ambiance is pleasantly modern without being too hipster douchey in your face. Bathrooms were clean and nicely decorated.

My friend and I shared the guacamole which had an interesting citrusy edge to it. The source was the chopped oranges added to the guacamole, which made it unique and wonderful. The $7 price tag seemed a bit much at first, but the bowl is huge and we ended up having some left over at the end to take home. 

My friend ordered the crepes with fruit and cream for $6, a vegetarian taco for $2, and a carne asada taco for $2.50. The crepes came with fresh fruit and thickened sweetened cream and were not soggy or tough, just perfectly cooked. The tacos were filled with flavorful, grilled meat or veggies and fresh salsa/avocado, and Gallo Blanco does not skimp on the filling. The waitress warned us that they would be small tacos but we were pleasantly surprised to see what their actual size was.

I got a shrimp taco for $3 and the elote (which is grilled corn with smoked paprika and cotija cheese). The taco had amazing grilled shrimp and some veggies. I should have just gotten two, because it was that good! The grilled corn on the cob was huge and had tons of cheese, some of which melted into a mild, creamy topping and some of which stayed solid. It was an interesting experience in terms of texture and flavor, and not terribly expensive at $4.

Service was kind of spotty - it took a while for the waitress to take our order or for us to get drinks, then she brought the wrong dish. My friend ordered the crepes with fruit and cream and the waitress brought just a bowl of fruit and cream...minus the crepes. An honest enough mistake though, since the fruit and cream alone is a different menu item they do offer. It also took a while to process the bill. If we were in any kind of hurry I would've found it irritating but as it was a pretty lazy Sunday, it didn't really bother either of us too much. And, when we wanted to take the leftover guacamole home, she was kind enough to give us a refill of chips to take home with it! That was a nice touch and much appreciated.

Overall, the food and experience here was so good that I am already thinking about when I can go back. Delicious food, relatively low prices, and decent enough service? Yes please. This is one of very, very few Mexican places I have ever liked and I am SO glad I tried it.