Four stars for now, this place will almost certainly earn more as I return.  This is now my go-to margarita (particularly for the entirely reasonable $7) and the ($2! TWO!!! DOLLARS!!!) tacos were excellent as well.  I tried one of each taco - they offer steak, pork, fish, and seasonal veggie.  I think I'll go heavy on the steak and fish upon future visits - the pork taco had carmelized pineapple on it and was just a little too sweet for my taste.  The veggie taco was great, but not really my style.  

I was afforded a bite of the corn, which was lightly spiced and heavily sprinkled with some deliciously pungent powdery cheese.  I can't wait to get a cob of this for myself.  Very juicy, and flavorful.  I missed a taste of the other appetizer my table ordered - the fried cheese roll thing.  This is an almost airy roll of what must have been a cheese batter - I wonder what one would have to do to get a demonstration of how that thing was made - that looked fairly delicious, from my point of view.  The guac was quite tasty, although I don't know that I would call it the best I've ever experienced.  I enjoyed the salsas that were offered nearly as well.  The chips were a slightly thicker variety, with a great fresh crunch and good flavor of their own.  

The service was a bit hectic - our waiter had some help that seemed to come at random times and I wasn't totally sure they were helping him out as much as confusing everyone.  Given that it's a new restaurant, apparently a waiter was out for some reason, and the fact that nothing actually offensive or problematic occurred, I won't dock stars, but I expect this aspect to improve on my next visit.  Perhaps we won't invite 8 people who each expect separate checks next time and it won't be a problem (but what fun would that be?).  

The ambiance - I liked the design of the place, although it would be nice if they had a slightly larger TV above the bar, and the layout is a little.... interesting, with the bar area right near the lobby and all.  The main seating area looked like a more compelling place to enjoy a leisurely meal, with large windows, some bench seating along the wall, and a better division of space.  

All told, I really enjoyed my experience here, both food-wise and every entertaining second of the conversation.  I'm excited to return again and again (the corn, dessert, a torta, the cheese appetizer, perhaps breakfast?) I can hardly wait, in fact.