So, I had a mid week appointment down town to look at a loft and decided to bring the girl along for a date night. I wasn't sure what to do at first, she wanted either Mexican or pizza (can't go wrong with either, IMO!). After posting a forum question (Thank's to my boy Brian T) to the Yelp'ers (which promptly high jacked the thread, and some great shananagins insued), all the regulars weighed in with either Cibo (over pizza bianco due to the wait) or Gallo. We (really, she's the boss in this releationship lol) elected for Gallo due to the Roof Top bar, and the fact that they were having the Flamenco Dancing. 
Well, we showed up around 7:30. Parking was a sinch, ton's of open spaces. And as we were walking up, we both said "sounds like a party is happing!". Sure enough, we walk into the lobby of hotel Clarendon Hotel to a full house (never would'a known from the bare parking lot). The Dancing was in full effect, and raging like a bull in a china shop! Naturaly, I wanted to walk over and join in however its for professionals only. Amateurs may only watch in pure enjoyment. 
We walked through the awesomeness to the hoestes, who sat us immediately (no wait?!?!? Wow!). We were promptly greated by an extremly polite server (So sorry, my memory is like swiss cheese. I wanted to mention his name though) who took our drink order, and suggested a Margarita for the girl. Naturaly, I needed no suggestion on alchol; I selected a nice White wine (pairs with Mexican food like garlic to bread) and we were off! 
We ordered the Elote corn, house guacamole for starters. Both were amazing! Im a big fan of elote corn (thanks to an amazing sister in law and brother, I found out about this treat!) and the guacomole was super fresh! For dinner we split a Carne Asada Meat Torta and a Carne Asada burrito. Both were amazing! We split all of this, and were stuffed to the brim...with left overs! i spent $60 for 2 great drinks and all of this food. perfect date price! 
I will be going back as often as I can! Great atmosphere, decore, and food is out of this world!!! 

Only bad things; 

The drink she ordered at first, a Prickly Pear Margarita was out of service (not sure how that happens, but OK, your busy. I understand...this once cause I got the glare, not Gallo). But the 2nd one hit her spot perfectly. 

Noise. Definatly our fault. We knew the Dancing was going on, however we could barely here our selves speak and we were about 40 feet away from the shindig. During winter, when its on the roof will be great!