I met friends for brunch or dinner at Gallo Blanco probably three or four times, and I've enjoyed every visit. The atmosphere is casual and inviting, I dig the music mix, and I've never had bad service.

I'd describe the food as a decent nod to some traditional Mexican dishes, but Gallo Blanco puts their own spin on many items on the menu. I've never had guacamole with orange supremes in it, but it works, I think it's up there with the best I've ever had. 

Until yesterday I'd never been able to order anything with the cochinita. Since it's always sold out my expectations were through the roof. I ordered it in a taco, and was surprised it had a sweet taste, which I decided was probably pineapple, but may just have been particularly sweet oranges since the menu doesn't list pineapple. The braising acid for cochinita is supposed to be bitter orange. I'm okay with the pork seeming like a combination of cochinita and al pastor (which does include pineapple, but is spit-grilled), it's another Gallo Blanco spin. Unfortunately in this case I prefer the originals, and agree with Fred M, you pair cochinita with pickled onions and spicy salsa, not guacamole.

I have far less to pick at with everything else I've tried. The green sauce with the Chilaquiles is delicious, it's a dish I think I'll order for brunch every time, but it's presented a bit too refined for my taste. I'd prefer for it to be drowning in the sauce. I've also had the carne asada and ahi tuna tacos, and think they were excellent. 

As far as drinks, I get a margarita every time I visit. I look forward to being able to do so at happy hour prices in the near future. Also, the agua fresca my friend ordered last time I'm there looked good enough that I'll forgo the alcohol on my next visit.

I definitely recommend Gallo Blanco. They may be inauthentic, but the locally sourced, simple menu is lightyears ahead of the over-expansive, over portioned, poorly executed menus I've found at many other Mexican restaurants in Phoenix.