Let's start from the beginning shall we. Once upon a time in a wiped out section of Phoenix you find a quaint's little restaurant attached to a hotel under construction. Actually, my GF had eaten at this place recently so her recommendations brought us here, & Yelp maps of course. My first impression of this place leaves me a little less enthusiastic to recommend it to friends. They are going with the open ceiling commercial restaurant look but there is so much going on that it makes it look like it's under construction. Piping and conduit everywhere.... We find ourselves standing in front of the greeter and she looks at us with a dumb look on her face like she's not sure why we are there. After I finished joking about picking out a nice set of drapes for the living room, I asked for a table for two. She puts us at a table that's in a really bad location so I kindly asked to be moved. There was a table that sat 4-6 so she decided to ask us to wait to clear a table that was smaller for us. So we sat in the waiting area and reviewed the menu while she sat down and enjoy her lunch at the bar. When she was done we tracked her down and asked her to please provide us with a table so she finally found the courage to remove the leftover food from the table she wanted to put us out. Mind you, at this point there were other tables available, but we just went with the flow. Saving grace was the waiter and the food my GF had been raving about. The waiter was prompt and very friendly. We appetized the guacamole, chorizo and chips with salsa. The passionfruit iced tea & Agua Fresca for the day was thirst quenching. The main dish - here's where I will rave about adding a potential "if it was your last meal scenario" to my portfolio of Last meal on earth choices. We had the Naco Torta. A delicious masterpiece if I must say. Avocado, Carne Asada, fried egg with lettuce packed in a exquisitely tasting bun. I really don't like bread so when I say these buns were delicious that's like little cherubs from Heaven coming down singing hallelujah. Hahaha! I will eat from this place again but I will be highly considering pre-ordering and eating my meal elsewhere.