Gallo Blanco, is plain and simply my favorite restaurant in town.  the combination of AMAZING food for breakfast, lunch. dinner or late night nosh, organic modern decor, attentive service and laid back vibe.

The elote callajero (cob of grilled corn topped with paprika & cotija cheese) is close to gastronomic perfection as I've tasted in a long while. The chicharron de queso, (basically a lattice of fried cheese) if further proof of perfection in simplicity.

Their tacos are amazing as well.. basically two bite morsels of deliciousness.  While small, they are also cheap at $2-3 a piece.  3 or 4 of them make a great meal, especially when paired with the elote.

To me however, where Gall Blanco shines is the tortas.  Don't be surprised by their rather plain presentation.  The Naco Torta (roast beef and fried egg), is my favorite, although the Conchinita (braised pork) is a close second.  

Breakfast/brunch is also amazing.  The huevo rancheros is the best I've ever had, and their Chilaqules verde is divinity on a plate according to my wife. I haven't tried their entrees/house specials or desserts yet, but if the rest of their menu is any indication, you won't be disappointed

I would be remiss if I didn't mention their bar as well, as this is a great place to hang out.   The inside bar is adjacent to the restaurant and shares that same organic modern decor.  

Where Gallo Blanco (and the Clarendon)really shines, however, is their pool and rooftop area. Sitting poolside, you are transported to another world, with soothing waterfalls surrounding a pool decked out in modern multicolored tile mosaics.  The rooftop brings you back to midtown Phoenix in a hurry, as it is nested behind the mid tower high rise corridor, but offers great views of the city skyline with the mountains in the background.  if you time it right, it is a great place place to watch a sunset, or during monsoon season, the storms that ring the valley. 

Whether you are sitting by the pool, or taking in the sunsets on the rooftop, be sure to order a Michalada, a refreshing combination of Tecate beer, fresh lime juice with a spiced salted rim.  If wine is more you style, the sangrias (both white and red) are among the best in the valley.

In addition to the food and drinks, Gallo Blanco offers live music a few times a week, as well as an amazing modern take on mariachi/flamenco music and dancing every second Wednesday evening. They also have a pretty amazing Halloween party and a great New Years bash..

all in all, Gallo Blanco has taken the Claredon's cool midtown vibe from a fun place to visit once in a while, to a weekly haunt -- no mean feat in an area with it's share of funky restaurants and cool places to hang out.