I still haven't picked how many stars I am going to give Gallo Blanco.  On one hand I was there at that magical time of the day where servers are in I just don't give a damn mode.  (Four o'clock for those of you who have never waited tables.)  This is the time when servers are either getting off work and just want to get home or just started and haven't really gotten in their groove yet. 

I got to the restaurant about 15 minutes before my other, party and the hostess seemed absolutely amazed and flabbergasted (wow that one went down with out spell check) that I  was meeting another someone.  After the confusion of seating I sit down and am ready for a little happy hour goodness.  I order a margarita which my waitress informs me is made with fresh juices.  I am pretty excited.  I love me a tasty margarita and have read good things.  Margarita comes. Huge disappointment.  Way too sweet.  Not enough citrus to this little fella.  And definitely not enough tequila.  My friend comes and I decide that I am going to switch to something else.  A sangria seems to be in order.  Now usually I drink sangria when I want to maintain.  This must have been a magical sangria because i actually got a pretty hefty buzz from the little fella.

After a few of these we decide it's time for some food.  She has the vegetable tacos, on recommendation from the waitress, that she seemed to enjoy.  (The whole idea of vegetable tacos is absolutely beyond my comprehension)  I also asked for the server which she would prefer as far as tortas.  The pork or the beef.  At this point I came to realization that I was probably asking a vegetarian which she would prefer.  Oops.  I went with the pork which was absolutely delicious.  I was a little disappointed that there were no sides with it though.  I would have ordered some if I knew it didn't come with any.  

About half way through the meal I notice the server doing side work and told her if she needed to close out my check I would be more than happy to do so, so that she could get going.  She did and out came the new server.  The happiest guy I have ever come across.  And he looked just like John Lequizamo's more full brother.  (Photo to be attached).  

Sat at the table for a while longer and then Flamenco started.  Flamenco was absolutely incredible as always and  I was really excited that they had moved it inside as it was way too hot to sit on a roof top.  I offered to close out my tab with the waiter so we could move to the bar and he offered to continue bringing us our drinks.  Fantastic!  This guy really was the happiest person I had met in a while.  

Prices were good, food was good, atmosphere was good , service was good minus a few missteps, and the sangria was good.  All in all I will definitely be back but can't give 5 stars.  I think 4 is a pretty reasonable for Gallo Blanco but I can foresee a 5 star update in the future.

The End ( I feel like that was a novel)