Why yes, I did go back the next night to have some more delicious food at Gallo Blanco. Before the play my family and myself were all going to attend, I convinced my mom to take us to Gallo Blanco after raving about it to her the night before. We had so much food again! The beans, which are vegetarian, are amazing. I could have eaten an entire bowl of them. I also had the prickly pear margarita. I liked it, but I don't know if it was worth the $10 I paid for it. I couldn't even taste the alcohol. We also got an order of the Chiccharon that was ok, but didn't get finished. For dessert we ordered the tres leches cake, so good, and the brownie cake, which actually tasted store bought. It wasn't warm and just had that packaged flavor. I don't know if it was or not but no one at the table liked it that much. 

However, tacos had by all were amazing of course. Veggie, fish, shrimp, and steak were had at the table. My husband and sister loved the shrimp and I was told the steak was good as well. 

I can't wait to come back here again.       5/7/11.

----------------------------------------

OMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOM

Ya, those are pretty much the sounds I made while I was eating my meal at Gallo Blanco today. After fantasizing about this place for weeks we finally found a reason to go, Cinco de Mayo!, and headed down there for happy hour today. We showed up at about 4:30 and there were only three other tables taken. It got super packed about 10 minutes later so we showed up just in time. Service was super speedy. We never had an issue the entire meal where it was taking too long. My only complaint about service was the water glasses were way too small and the poor waitress had to come over pretty much every five minutes to refill them. It might be time for some larger water glasses. We tend to be heavy (water) drinkers. 

We ordered the guacamole to start. I liked it, but I have to say I tend to favor a more spicy guacamole than one with citrus in it. But it was different, and I would order it again. For dinner I ordered three veggie tacos ($1 each during happy hour!! OMG!!) and my husband ordered two fish tacos, and the fish happened to be halibut today which my husband loves, and one veggie taco. The tacos are great. They are small but they filled us both up super fast. We left here totally full and moaning about how much we had eaten. The veggie tacos had a bunch of different veggies in them topped with more guacamole. The fish tacos looked to be about the same. I also ordered the Elote. It was delicious but I probably wont order it again seeing as how it was $5 for one corncob. If they lowered it to $3 I would probably order it every time I come in. We thought about getting dessert but decided we were way too full to try. Saving that experience for another day. 

The happy hour prices here are amazing. We ordered guacamole, one Elote, and six tacos. All under $20. That's a crazy good deal. Seeing as how good of a deal it is during happy hour I will probably never come here any other time except happy hour. I want to go back right now even though I am still full. I keep thinking about those tacos....