So this is a realtime as-it-comes review.

So far I have had to drive here especially from my hotel on the central strip. I'd hoped I could walk but it's a 15 minute drive so kind of out of the way.

So anyway, I pull up to where the navigation is taking me and I hesitate because everything is lit in blue and the vast majority of signage on this middle-of-nowhere place says this is a strip club. Highly dodgy.

El Dorado Cantina has a small sign and and entrance of its own next to the strip club entrance and as I am here in my own I must have looked really suspicious parking up and walking towards the entrance.

The doors are all blacked out so I wasn't sure what I'd get when I opened them but I'm glad I came in.

Boom!

Instant atmosphere! The place is buzzing and I am greeted by Kim, the general manager, who suggests I sit at the bar as I am on my own and starts up a friendly conversation. He asks how I heard about the place and I tell him I saw a sign on the freeway and it said it was rated one of the top 50 places to eat so I pretty much came straight here. He tells me if I check in I'll get a free flan dessert.

Double boom! :)

As soon as I sit down I'm presented with a menu that looks delicious, and a really big bowl of tostadas with 3 types of salsa that all taste delicious. Proper tostadas too, not at all like the ones I am used to in most places back home. They gave me a glass of ice water without asking as well. This is rare for me.

I see the Mahi tacos and order some. They arrive and are a bit bigger than I am expecting for the price, but that's cool.
First bite... Delicious. So are all the other bites.

Half way though eating them Kim returns to ask how I'm doing. He addresses me by my name! Dang it! How does he remember my name? Anyway, I tell him it's all good :)

And then I finish my tacos. They suffered catastrophic containment failure half way through and I had to finish the second one with my knife and fork... But I don't care. These are the best tacos I have had since I was in Mexico. I don't know for sure but I am pretty sure these are freshly made soft taco shells.

Just as I am about to write "I'm now stuck in an awkward situation where my taste buds want more but my stomach says no" I'm asked if I am ready for my free flan. Decision made for me.

This is awesome!

I'm waiting for the flan right now. I have high hopes for it and I'm sure I won't be disappointed!

But wait, there's more! They have TVs. Lots of them. And they are showing the Steelers game. And the Steelers are winning! Here we go Steelers!!

And I still have most of my bowl of tostadas left, so I can munch on them until that flan arrives (they said it will take 5 minutes or so).

Just as I am thinking I'm done with the tostadas, my flan arrives. And it's just right! Absolutely delicious and the portion size is perfect too.

So there you have it. Until now I didn't think I could possibly have a reason to return to Las Vegas, but now my favourite Mexican restaurant is here. The only way this place could improve is to be located on the top floor of one of the big hotels on the main strip, with a view of the Las Vegas skyline (but still be as accessible to regular customers as it is now).

Can you open a branch in London please? :)