This place is so brilliant. Came here in locals night, so our entire bill was 25% off and they let us combine that with the Yelp check in offer for the Free flan, which was incredible tasting and I am not a Flan fan in the slightest. But I am getting ahead of myself.

My date made a reservation for 5:00 pm on Monday, Locals Night, where locals get 25% off their total bill, they also have a happy hour that runs from 4 to 6 that I want to try out. It was fairly dead when we got there, secret tip from me to you have dinner between 5 and 5:30 most restaurants have low business at that time. We were seated right away, my date had already had a gin and tonic since he was early and he was raving about the gin. Our server greeted us promptly and had a bunch of suggestions for us, we ended up taking her appetizer suggestion but not the entrée, we got the Aguachiles, which was their answer to ceviche, it was good. Not super spicy though you could tell it wanted to be, apparently it's usually very spicy and we must have gotten a weak batch? Oh well. 

For our entrée we got the beef and chicken fajitas to share and they were delightful, you get a mountain of peppers and onions and an all right portion of meat, a DELICIOUS cilantro rice, now I don't eat rice as a rule, but this was fantastic, came in a cute little shape as well. We also got rice, guac, and sour cream. The food was excellent. 

We finished with the best Flan I've ever had in my life. I pretty much hate flan. It's flavorless gelatin to me, I try it every time I'm with someone who gets it and it usually reaffirms my dislike, but this flan was ALMOST a caramel cheesecake, it was insane and I would go back just to eat that flan again. As we were wrapping up dessert the chef came out and chatted with us a bit and gave us a coupon for their breakfast. Apparently this place is 24 hours, so crazy!

I know I'll be back there to try their Happy Hour, I love street tacos and I want to see how their stack up! All around a GREAT meal at a GREAT restaurant.