Short Review : GO! You won't be sorry. It's fabulous. Directly next to Sapphire strip club, so you have to actually park in their lot and walk towards that door, and then you will see the door for El Dorado to the left. It was slightly confusing for us at first, but we are so glad we went, and you will be too!

Long Review: 

We ended up here because of the good yelp reviews. Had a little trouble finding it, but I'm so glad we did. Very cozy inside, kind of dark, nice big booths, great atmosphere. 

Started with a Jalapeno Margarita, which was to die for if you like spicy. It was HOT, and also huge, so totally worth the $13 price tag, imo. I also loved the green salsa that came with the chips and trio of salsas...that was super yummy and my favorite of the three for sure. 

Hubby had beef enchiladas, which he devoured. He did say they were slightly sweet, which was different for him, but he still really liked them. He also loved the rice, which also came with my order and was DELICIOUS! I've never tasted anything like it! SOoooooo good!

I had the veggie burrito, which was just fantastic. Veggies cooked to perfection and all the flavors blended together so well. The best veggie burrito I have ever had for sure. And again, the RICE, oh my goodness, so good!

The service was very good, and, what I am assuming were, two managers came to check on us and were constantly walking around checking on people. Also, I overheard one of them being questioned about combining items on the menu and she broke down the a la carte prices and said we can put it together however you would prefer to make you happy. I thought that was great. We were also next to a table of 8, and the waiter asked how they would like to break up the check and they wanted 4 checks (2 people each) and he was very nice and accommodating about that, which again, I thought was great service. 

I ended up checking in on yelp (first time!) because there was a free flan offer even though we are not big fans of flan and were already pretty full, but I am so glad I did because it was awesome!! So delicious, and I found some room for it after all ;-)

A very well deserved 5 star review. Great prices, great service, fantastic food! I can't wait to go back!