On a recent trip to Vegas, I checked this place out. First, don't be fooled by the bad reviews about it being attached to a strip club! Yes, you will see the people going into the strip club. Yes, you will see some of the club bouncers. No, they don't share a kitchen. If you don't want to, you never have to enter the strip club! Get over it! It's in Vegas!

When I went in, I immediately sat down at the bar. Tiffany was my waitress/bartender. I got a sampler with Imperial Shrimp (seafood stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon), Tostaditas de Tinga, and Empanadas. Also got a plate of al pastor tacos and a side of the ghost chili salsa. Finished with the churros. Had a couple of beers with all of this and a jalapeno margarita.

Everything was...AMAZING! First, I don't like shrimp. I don't hate them, but I don't like them. The flavor of the shrimp with the bacon was amazing! The texture was perfect and they were perfectly cooked. The tostadas and empanadas were the perfect size, and everything tasted extremely fresh. They weren't overly seasoned and they went perfectly with the Double IPA I had. The tacos were also perfectly prepared with just enough of every topping that you didn't feel overwhelmed by anything. I ended up putting the ghost chili salsa on the tacos because the flavor was the perfect compliment to to the tacos.

While waiting for the churros, I had the jalapeno margarita. It had the perfect amount of kick while not being overly sweet. The spicy flavors with the salt and the tangy lime made it blend really well.

Finally, the churros. Ohhhhhhh...the churros. I can't say enough about them! They are stuffed with apple and are AWESOME!!! Wow! If you go here for nothing else, then get the churros! 

All of this comes together with an amazing staff. Chef Paco makes some killer food and is extremely funny and nice! He comes around to everyone to check on them, talk about the food, and just generally seems to love to have a good time! Tiffany was also AMAZING! She made the salsa in front of me and also made the margarita.

I can definitely say that I will be back on my next trip to Vegas!