Thank You Chef Paco for a WONDERFUL meal. This food is REALLY REALLY GOOD.

So we were visiting Vegas for a weekend long Bday party and couldn't get babysitting. Yepp- the crack monkey's came with us. So much for the evening festivities. Alas, we had to be parents. Again. 

We love to "Yelp" places when we are not at home. The hubs found this and pulled the trigger. We head over and as we are approaching the address....DOH! A STRIP CLUB??? Our 13 year old daughter quickly got out her iPhone spouting off how she LOVED new experiences and was ready to video tape this. I was like... Slow your roll, tween-bop! As long as I am alive you will continue on your path to cure Cancer, and keep the ass-shaking to the professionals. We saw a separate door for the restaurant, THANK GOD. She still took photos of the signage for the club and quickly texted it to her friends. Great. As soon as the other Soccer Mom's see the pics, I will have to relinquish my Mom o' the Year title. 

It was Sat night, approximately 7:30pm, on April 18, 2015. We waited 10-15 min for a table. The Hellions were thrilled with the seating (a high table with stools) and we were thrilled with the kiddie menu's! Red velvet walls... felt a little naughty being next to the strip joint. The décor... CUTE. I even loved the drinking glasses. 
Pricing is important to me. If dinner is bad, the first thing I think about is how my $100 could have bought me a few more shares of my fav stock. However, this dinner was nowhere near $100 and it was REALLY worthy of a higher price point. DON'T TELL CHEF PACO. Our  bill was $38. (No alcohol.... KIDS. REMEMBER?)

Here's what we had; The Heathons- kiddie flat steak, and they LOVED it. It came with potato chips (homemade). I tried both. TOTES DELISH. The portions were generous. Our daughter ordered off of this menu, (she looks 10, so I make her). She thought it wouldn't be enough food, but she was stuffed. Our son couldn't finish the steak, as it was just too large a portion for him. He is 10, but a petite eater. I had the chicken street tacos with black beans and rice. I asked for a keg of salsa to flavor my tacos because the salsas' were REALLY YUMMY. I felt bad leaving it there but the tacos were seasoned so well, that I just didn't need any. I should have taken it home so I could drink it later. Even the rice and beans were really tasty... authentic Mexican. Kid's meals came with dessert. FAB cream filled Churros w/ Mexican chocolate dipping sauce. We also got a free flan for "checking in" on Yelp. 

Now, when it comes to flan, my white azz hubster THINKS he is THEE Mexican tasting authority. He swears most flan sucks, but he is a big lover of the dessert, and will try it EVERYWHERE in his quest for the RIGHT flan. I will be damned if Jesus didn't personally come down to bless this flan, as Hubster swears it was THE BEST flan he had ever had. For me, it was the CREAMIEST and TASTIEST flan I have ever had. As if this isn't enough, we find out, it's GRAMMA'S RECIPE! Yepp- Chef Paco uses his Gram's flan recipe. If I wasn't already married to the Albino fake Mexican stud that I am, I might make sweet love to Chef Paco in a vat of his Gram's flan. I mean, how sweet is that? He came by the table, by the way, and he IS, AS SWEET, as the flan. TOTES ADORBS! I believe our server's name was Marco. To quickly sum him up, he let our 10 year old ramble on about rollercoasters without the slightest irritation... on a Saturday night... TOTES AMAZEBALLS. GREAT SERVICE. GREAT CHEF. GREAT FOOD. GREAT RESTAURANT. We told all of our local friends about it. 

Next time I visit, I plan on leaving the hubs and kids at home and getting drunk with these guys. How much trouble could I get in? I already lost my Mom 'o the Year status.