C'mon...this is why I use yelp! I NEVER would've found this place without yelp. It's a tough location off strip, basic adjoining the Sapphire Gentleman's Club. It wouldn't have been a first choice except for the positive reviews and photos on yelp. I had my phone telling me I arrived at my destination, yet there was no signage other than the club. I was about to leave until I saw the small awning and sign above the door. Thank God I found it, So, enough about the location, let's get to eating!

First off, it was Sunday lunch time during football and our server Kelsey tells us that all street tacos were a buck a piece. A BUCK A PIECE! BEST DEAL IN VEGAS HANDS DOWN! I had 3 Conchinita Pibil and 3 Carne Asada. (I was STARVING) and my wife had the Conchinita Pibil with rice and beans. Kesley advised that instead of getting the combo from the menu, to have her order it with the special so it would be cheaper. Um, Okay...thanks!

We immediately get our drinks and chips with three salsas, verde, roasted red, and habanero. This is generally our first test with a Mexcian restaurant and they passed with flying colors. Spicy and deep in flavor. Just the way we like it. 

We they had Kelsey bring out our table side guacamole. Now, we've had this a several restaurants before, but this may have been my favorite. She started by taking whole cloves of garlic and grinding them into the bowl. She asked what we wanted to add and if we wanted i spicy. Of course, add it all! Cilantro, onion, tomato, and serrano peppers. Perfectly seasoned, creamy, spicy...awesome guac! Just as we're digging in to the guac, out comes our lunch, delivered personally by Chef Paco. He's a warm, charming, and obviously a passionate chef. There is a lot of love in his food and you can tell he appreciates his customers.

The food is outstanding. The carne asada had a nice char and was obviously marinated in some citrous concoction. Delicious! The conchinita has been slow roasted with achiote paste and has pickled onion and habaneros as a garnish. PORK HEAVEN! I think this may have been my favorite taco of all time. The rice and beans are good as well, but I'm too busy stuffing myself with tacos.Somehow I actually kill the whole plate.

Kelsey has been a very attentive server throughout our meal, refilling our drinks without waiting for us to ask, and being very friendly during our stay. She comes at the end of the meal and asks if we left room for dessert. Of course we didn't, but I'm not going to miss out if it's only half as good as dinner, it's going to be amazing. We ordered flan, which would be my first choice as I'm not usually a big fan. Kelsey returns with the flan along with Chef Paco. This time he's carrying a tres leches cake. He tells us, I heard you couldn't decide on dessert so I'm bring you this one on the house. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? 

Of course this seals the deal making it the best lunch I can remember having in Las Vegas. The food...AMAZING....but when you get service that matches and even exceeds the food, you've got something special. Do not hesitate to get to this spot if you're in Vegas! Chef Paco and Kelsey, we'll be back on our next trip for sure!