8 of us gathered here for lunch yesterday.  For starters, we ordered two quesoin fundidos, one with mushrooms and the other with chorizo.  We also got an ordered of garlic lime fried chapulines (grasshoppers).  With the quesos, we were brought both corn and flour tortillas.  

For the main part of lunch, we got their Grande feast plate which the menu says serves 10-12.  The grande feast consists of two feast plates--the pequeño which serves 3-4 people and the mediano which serves 6-8 people.  The pequeño consists of steak, carnitas & chicken burritos, pulled chicken or cheese quesadillas and beef & chicken taquitos.  The mediano platter consists of Sliced carne asada, grilled chicken, grilled shrimp & chorizo with queso fresco, cactus, grilled onions & chiles.  

There was more than enough for these hungry eaters.  carne asada, grilled chicken, and grilled shrimp of the mediano were very well cooked and seasoned quite well.  I had some of a chicken burrito from the pequeño platter and it was well prepared.  The chapulines were good put a bit pricey at $12.  

For dessert, we got three complimentary flans (one for each Yelp check in) and we got one order of tres leches cake.  The flan was standard.  I really enjoyed the tres leches cake.  Too bad we had to share!

While we were eating, the General Manager, Christian Umlauf, visited our table and talked with us about the restaurant and was very genial and a gracious host.  Shortly after, Chef Paco, the executive chef, came to the table and brought a bag of spicy nuts that his mother sends him from Mexico City.  He shared a good part of the bag with us in a styrofoam cup.  A very pleasant man who explained some of the dishes.

Jesse was our server and he did an outstanding job!  He kept water glasses filled, brought more tortillas as needed, and was always available when we had a equation.

El Dorado has been on my radar since Yelp had an event there and I was unable to attend because of a conflict.  I will be going back to try some of their signature items.  The restaurant is very nicely appointed.