First you've got to look for the strip club. There's no way to get around it: this trendy, swanky restaurant is connected to Sapphire's Gentleman's club. Yes, they even share the same parking lot, and the entrances are just a few feet apart. It was a bit unnerving at first to see elderly couples and young children heading towards the strip...er, I mean Mexican restaurant.

Ok, so now you have the location down, let's talk about the experience: walking into this place is truly enchanting. The word that comes to mind is sexy: from the silky-satin rose wall decor to the dark wood tones to the sumptuous and inviting leather couches and booths. My aesthetic expectations were certainly exceeded.

My friend and I came here to celebrate Mexican independence day (no, I'm not Mexican, but I do LOVE tequila), and El Dorado was offering free tequila shots every hour on the hour for 24 hours along with food specials. Bonus points for a creative promotion! 

We ensconced ourselves on one of the sexy leather couches, and were pleasantly surprised with the annotated menu which indicates which items are designated GF-gluten free, V-vegetarian they indicated their non-GMO mantra. So far, so pleased! 

The manager Arianna came over and greeted us, and Chef Paco checked on us as well. I love it when the chef steps out of the kitchen to greet the customers he's serving!  Both of them were quite accommodating, but our server was a bit absent minded. He neglected to deliver our tequila shots at the top of the hour, forgot to return with the limes we'd requested, and didn't really check on us after we tasted our food.

We ordered the tableside  guacamole because it seemed like a good idea. Our server indicated that he was not the type who smiles  (this, after I told him I'd be taking a photograph). I got him to laugh and snapped the picture at the right moment. Unfortunately the guac desperately needed salt, and there was none to be found anywhere near  our table. We were finally able to get some seasonings after we flagged down our server.

I liked the presentation of trio of salsas, but the salsa verde was the only flavor I really enjoyed. The street tacos and the chicken tinga tostadita were lovely in presentation, but the chicken was cold.  I ordered a margarita, and it was made with agave syrup. It was ok, but didn't give me any thrills.

I really want to love this place, and the attentive manager and chef make me want to come back. They're still new, and it's obvious that they need to work out a few minor details with the food, but this place has loads of potential.

5 star decor and a sexy vibe make me want to return.  Next time I'll try the entrees.

Mexican independence day was a success thanks to El Dorado Cantina.   I almost forgot they shared a common wall with a strip club. This place is a refreshing change from the greasy Mexican restaurants. 
Please keep up the creative promotions!