BEST MEXICAN FOOD EVER.

Do not even look at the menu, people. Just order a Dos Equis and the Molcajete Caliente with verde sauce. 

My boyfriend and I found this place on the Yelp app, like most eateries we visited while in Phoenix. I cannot express how happy this place made us. We loved the restaurant, the service and the food so much that we actually came back and ate there again before heading to the airport.

The Molcajete Caliente is $22 for two people. You each get your own ceviche tostada and plate of rice, beans and salad (all delicious). They also bring a warmer with corn or flour tortillas. But the main event... a volcanic-like cast iron cauldron (a molcajete) teeming with bubbling green sauce with various kinds of grilled meats and seafood hanging around the outside. The smell alone will bring you halfway to heaven, but ZOMG, taste explosion! SO GOOD. 

It comes with two breaded fish filets, two pieces of grilled steak, two of chicken and four big shrimp. Plus, there are little chunks of octopus in the sauce itself. If I had to choose a favorite, it would be the fish (or the seafood in general), but every bite of everything was honestly amazing. It may be the best sauce I've ever eaten. 

The service was superb both visits---super friendly, fast and helpful. The server was the one who recommended the molcajete in the first place, actually. The prices are almost unbelievable ($22 for a VOLCANO OF FOOD??). 

The restaurant itself is really clean and full ceramic tiles and colorful artwork. Some reviewers have commented about the dodgy location. The neighborhood seemed fine to me, though I don't live in Phoenix so I could be mistaken. It's mostly residential, but well-worth making a special trip (like, every single day) for this food!

Note: If you're planning on ordering the ceviche as an appetizer, just be aware that you might not get your house ceviche tostadas. We didn't get ours the second visit because my boyfriend insisted on getting a full order of ceviche. He was hoping they would bring both (because he's insane and would eat an ocean full of ceviche if left on his own), but they didn't.