I like the food at Sam's and I like the happy hour. I don't know if they've changed management or service since they changed their name to Canyon Cafe but the service here frustrated me so badly I had to give it 2 stars for "I've experienced better."  The wait for food is rather long most times of the day, which, at lunch time especially, can suffice as a reason NOT to go here. You definitely won't make it back to work within an hour.  

But here's the main reason I started boycotting Sam's. I went here with a friend who is allergic to cilantro once. She tried ordering 4 different things that presumably wouldn't have cilantro on them and each time she selected something the waiter just said "That has cilantro too." How about helping to identify some items WITHOUT cilantro, Mr. Waiter?! When she had finally just decided NOT to eat at all, I asked the waiter if he could go ask the cook if he could make anything without cilantro so my friend could eat.  Rather than doing that, he said, "well, I know all the ingredients in everything so that won't help." Nice. Finally I asked the waiter if the chef could make a quesadilla (tortillas & cheese!!!!!!) without cilantro and he STILL said no.  Do you know why? Because it's served with pico de gallo on top. HELLO?!?! just leave it off....idiot. It was really a terrible experience. Usually restaurants at least ATTEMPT to accommodate food allergies. NOT this one. 

THEN, to cap it all off, I asked for parking validation for the garage when we were ready to go. All restaurants at the Arizona Center give validation for parking because why would you pay an additional $5-$10 just to eat at so-so restaurants?  The hostess responded with a simple, "Sorry - we're out". I had no patience left after the no-cilantro fiasco so I inquired further and finally a manager came out and said, "Oh - no parking? - I'll go get more validations from our sister restaurant around the corner." He was back in 1 minute. How difficult was that? The lack of problem-solving skills among the staff here really astounded me, and for this reason, despite the fact that this place is super convenient to my job and home, I haven't been back since.