Went for dinner because I was craving some shrimp and was hopeful that they would make them just the way I like them--light on the batter and not greasy.  Upon being seated, we were served with complimentary chips and salsa.  The chips were fresh but the salsa was not spicy enough for us.  We are beasts when it comes to spiciness.  I think it would have good enough for the average Joe (he, he.  Get it,Joe?) I ordered a Modelo Negro beer and then a Pinto Margarita.  The Modelo Negro beer, delicious--nice and cold.  The Pinto Margarita had Pommegranite Patron, Triple Sec and some other delights.  Very strong, very good tasting and large enough for two to share for only $10.    
For food, I ordered the fried shrimp platter which came with yellow rice (i usually only like my rice, but it came with the platter), thick sliced potatoes, a salad with spring mix, red cabbage & other greens, and 6 butterflied shrimp.  At first glance the shrimp looked good--golden but not too much; not too small but not huge.  I put one of them in my mouth and then it hit me--Nirvana; also known as shrimp heaven.  I think what made them perfect was that they were perfectly seasoned and perfectly fried.  No grease here.  The salad was fresh with a bit of ranch-type dressing.  I like it when they don't overdress the salad.  The thick potatoes were real potatoes ,(when everything is usually frozen in restaurants) slightly fried but not too fried.  They were cooked through and it's nice to taste something natural for a change.  The yellow rice I approached with trepidation since I am only a fan of my own rice (and biryani's at indian restaurants).  It was a simple yellow rice with nothing in it and yet it had a nice taste about it.  I couldn't help but eat it.  The real summary is that I cleaned my plate.  A little shrimp bite, a little potato, a bite of rice and that Margarita (and beer), was motivation enough to wipe that plate clean. I wonder if they had to wash it after I was done with it?  Just joking folks.  BTW, the place was clean and every time a customer left, the staff cleaned under the table as well as the usual top table clean up.  
Now for the second dish.   A platter of Whole Red Snapper with garlic sauce.  Came with the accompaniments I described before which were all good.  The snapper was a hefty size and hubby ate it to the bone although red snapper is not his favorite fish.  He likes fish with a strong taste to it like blue fish (ugh! Poo-ee, yuk, argg) or flounder.  I asked if he could savor the garlic sauce and he said :Maybe.  Now keep in mind that I could see the chopped up garlic on and below the fish that's why I was asking. I really thought he was going to say it was overwhelming.  Nope--- he's no Dracula.   Keep that garlic coming and it's never enough.  
We asked the waitress for a spicier salsa than the one they first served us.  She gladly obliged but the salsa while spicy had no flavor.  It was just strong spice, no taste.  So we reverted to the original salsa.  The original salsa could have been made spicier by simply adding some chopped habaneros which is a really flavorful pepper.  That's how you do it (This has been an editorial from Yvonne who thinks she's a really good cook. LOL)  
Did I forget to tell you that the platters came with your choice of corn or flour tortilla?  I didn't forget.   I left it for last for a reason.  At the end of the meal, I was curious about the tortillas (after all I am definitely coming back to this place),opened the tortilla case, took off a piece of tortilla and tasted it.  After a few chews, I grabbed my napkin and spit out the tortilla.  What was wrong you ask?  (I hope the owners/management are asking the same question as you my dear readers).  RANCIDITY.  That's what was wrong.  Either the fat used to make them, cook them was rancid or they made them in such bulk that they got rancid during storage.  I don't believe they are made in large quantities and stored since they were soft and pliable and really looked yummy.  But this was not about me not liking the taste or the texture of the tortilla.  This was old fat that turn rancid (Rancio, in Spanish).  That is a big faux-pas for a mexican place.  Imagine that I ordered burritos and they were made with these rancid tortillas?  Not a good thing.  
The waitress was wonderful and her service was spot on.  The four stars are for the food and our wonderful waitress.  FIX THOSE TORTILLAS!