Anyone who knows my Yelp reviewing profile knows that it is biased towards hole in the wall restaurants rather than the trendy places that garner all the attention.  Having said that, I occasionally enjoy checking out the latest trendy spots to see if they live up to the hype that they generate.  I'd walked past Tako with curiosity many times before it opened, so when it finally opened for business this summer, I looked for a chance to check it out.  That chance came when I received comped tickets to see The Wedding Singer musical at the Benedum last night.   When I received the tickets three weeks ago, I talked my friend into checking out Tako with me, and she agreed, so I immediately made a reservation.

Upon entering, we had to wait for about two minutes before we being acknowledged, since the hostess was on the phone and had her back to us.  After that amount of time had passed, another woman came over, checked us in, and led us to our table, which was downstairs across from the bar.  The first thing that was immediately apparent to us was how small, dark, and loud the restaurant is--as others have mentioned, it can be challenging to carry on a conversation here.  The tables are so close together that my friend had to squeeze past our neighbors to get to the booth against the wall, and the service was slightly awkward because the waitstaff came uncomfortably close to our table when they were serving the tables on either side of us.  Speaking of service, while our waiter was generally knowledgeable and helpful, I felt that we sat for a bit too long at several points, continuing the theme from when we walked in.  Together, these factors are the reason why I'm not awarding 5 stars.

Having said that, the food was as amazing as all of the other reviews and my previous experience with Tako's sister restaurant, Meat and Potatoes, led me to believe.  My friend and I started off by sharing an order of queso fundido (cheese dip with chorizo and cilantro; $10), which was extremely rich and flavorful to the point that I felt satiated with slightly less than half of the portion (my friend ate the remainder)--something unheard of for me when it comes to cheese.  For entrees, I ordered the mushroom tacos, and my friend ordered the pollo asado tacos ($10 each).  Because the tacos come two to an order, we each traded one taco with one another so that we could each try both of them.  Both tacos were astoundingly complex in flavor and texture--needless to say, these aren't your typical taco stand tacos!  Although both were excellent, my favorite was the mushroom, which had just the right balance of savory, meaty flavor, vegetable notes, and richness from the sauce.  This is clearly 5 star new Mexican cuisine in terms of flavor--and the tacos are well-portioned and priced, to boot!

Overall, my friend and I really enjoyed Tako.  I'll definitely have to make it back to try the tako (octopus) taco, as well as some of the cocktails, both of which looked intriguing.  If you're like me, and prefer a quieter and brighter atmosphere, you may want to try to sit outside if the weather's nice, rather than in the restaurant itself.  4.5 stars.