So winding out the end of year in Pittsburgh and decided after flying in a little bit early to give Tako a try. I had heard quite a bit of mixed reviews to date and it had been on my bucket list for trying out so glad I was finally able to do so. Since I was in relatively early on a Sunday, there was no wait and there were plenty of seats to be found at the bar. I pulled up a chair as close to the right end of the bar as possible so I could get a glimpse of the chefs preparing the food. The décor is the whole dark/mysterious/casual vibe with the DJ like music playing in the background. 

They provide their menus in newspaper format with a list of separate specials if you desire to peruse. I will admit the prices are a bit steep here for the portion but where else can you get something like this in Pittsburgh. The menu is broken down into multiple small plates and then multiple varieties of tacos. They also have a relatively large selection of adult beverages and the bartenders are pretty knowledgeable even with the standard curve balls of "surprise me with an awesome drink." The tacos are a decent portion and if you do not eat tons, I could see one order of tacos and an appetizer being enough to satisfy the hunger. If you are super hungry then I could see two orders of taco doing the trick. The multia was a special and pretty solid. It came with mole and avocado. All ingredients were blended well together and I loved the freshness of the cilantro and onion sitting on top. It was a solid way to start the meal washed down with their version of an old fashioned. I followed up with waiting for my Korean tacos which came out quickly afterwards on a wooden board branded with the words tako. The tacos were well made and did not skimp on the ingredients. They were packed with flavors including kochujang and loved the cucumbers sliced into it. I would definitely recommend asking for the housemade hot sauce which adds a nice kick to the overall dish. I wrapped up with some lychee drink which was solid but the hummingbird at the end was the solid closer. 

All in all, I thought this place was great and im a fan of what they are doing. Not sure how easy it is to just swing by for a bite but definitely a place I will try to hit back up in the future. The bartenders were also super friendly and very helpful. Def a plus