My son and I had tickets to see Idina Menzel in concert. We tried to make reservations but found out to get a descent time you have to schedule two weeks out. I stopped over there when it opened with intent of trying to secure a future reservation and was told they would take us at 6:45. Outside there were tables and bar stools each with a sign advising you to check with the restaurant for those tables.

When I met up with my son later on i got a text reminder from the place advising me to confirm or decline my reservation by replying with the appropriate number. The two of us arrived and were seated inside. The place had a vibrant bar scene, was extremely dark, and very noisy.It was also extremely crowded and very hard to read the menu. Directly in front of me was the "WC" which I later found out was a unisex bathroom with dark patterned decor.

We were given tap water to drink along with a pitcher (no ice).Our waiter explained to us that Tako is Japanese for "octopus" hence that menu item is named as such. My son wanted to try the duck confit tacos and I settled for the mushroom tacos. The waiter gave us a special menu that we had to read next to some religious candle outlining the specials of the day. He was hungry so we ordered the customized  guacamole with mango and tuna belly. It is served with chips. We received that first and it was outstanding! Some of it was extremely spicy but it made a great appetizer.

Our tacos were served on wooden boards. We each got two. My son liked the duck but thought it was a bit sweet. I liked the mushroom tacos but found them a little bland. So I took some of that guacamole and threw it on top of my tacos  to add that needed zest.

Although we were told they had WiFi we were not able to connect to it. We had enough with the chips and tacos so we passed on dessert. My son thought the food was Asian inspired. We received a postcard attached to the check which I thought would serve as a reminder of this place.

My true rating would have been 3 1/2 stars but I normally round up when I can't decide. One word of advice-They are not open Sun and Mon but you can leave a message if you want to make a reservation. They did call me Mon and advised that normally for weekdays reserve two weeks in advance and for weekends a month in advance. I'm not sure if I would have been seated if I had decided to eat when it opens but I think with the popularity of this place it would be wise to make a reservation.