Ambiance:  First thing I noticed when I walked in was the six or so sidewalk bar seats outside facing the restaurant with the kitchen right in the front.  Looked like a great place to sit on a nice day.  Next was the kitchen itself, glassed in and with about 8 people crafting plates.  It was nice to see tortillas being freshly pressed.  The actual dinning room consists of a long line of two person high tables on the left a bar on the right and an upstairs area where some larger booths are located, which can accommodate a group of up to six.  The restaurant is decorated in a Gothic meets modern industrial meets Latin style which was well executed.  Unfortunately it was only about 55 degrees outside and they were running the AC which made the downstairs tables quite chilly.

Drinks: Tried the spicy cucumber marg as well as the anjeo and absinthe one.  Both were well done.  They had a selection of primarily Mexican and Asian beers starting around 4 bucks.  Interesting cocktail list as well and would definitely like to try their sangria at some point.

Food: We started with the Chef's Choice #5 guac which had crab, cojita cheese, and peppers.  It was Amazing!...could seriously eat that every day.  Next we split three orders of tacos, which come with two per order.  I was expecting Mexican style street tacos which can be quite small.  I was wrong.  They were big.  We got the Tako (octupus), Al Pastor, and Korean (short rib).  All were good, but the Al Pastor was the stand out for me.  The pork was cooked perfect as was wonderfully seasoned.  The Korean and Octopus and a little too much sauce for my likely, as it overpowered some of the other flavors.

Service: Our waiter was attentive and knowledgeable, though the service was on the slow side.

Tips: Make a reservation a few days in advanced if possible.  I called for a same day reservation for two on a Tuesday and they were booked solid.  Nice spot for a casual yet trendy date.  $20 corkage fee if you'd like to bring your own bottle of wine.

Overall: I will be back at some point to give them another try.  The food was solid and drinks were well made.  Lost a star for service and for temperature control.  I should have brought a coat.