I'm guessing the name and concept of Pink Taco was hatched after Harry Morton (CEO) had just polished off a six pack of Mickey's Malt Liquor as a senior in prep school.  Under one of the big mouth beer bottle caps was the requisite Mickey's puzzle picture, which Harry thought resembled a female body part.  

Harry looked at the picture (through a beer induced haze) and announced, "D-u-d-e, it looks like a pink taco to me."  There, at the tender age of 18 and in a moment of soggy entrepreneurial brilliance, the Pink Taco restaurant was conceptualized.  The rest is history to the Morton's restaurant dynasty (Think classy Morton's Steakhouse with over 70 locations worldwide).   

Fast forward to me going to the Hard Rock Casino and needing a quick bite to eat before a concert.  The Hard Rock Casino doesn't have a great number of mid-level dining options, so I ventured into the Pink Taco.  Here's what I found:

The wait in a relatively short line of 15 people took about 30 minutes.

Customers with Hard Rock Casino players cards bypassed the line, which was galactically annoying to those of us who formed the queue of hungry customers.

The hostess was overwhelmed trying to find tables for people.

Overall, the staff (including waiters) seemed to be working at a frenetic pace.  Things seemed unorganized or understaffed.  
 
The food was okay, but not overly impressive.

If you came from somewhere like the Midwest, where Taco Bell is your favorite Mexican restaurant, you'd get excited about the "authentic" food of Pink Taco and gush about it on Yelp.  If you grew up in Socal, you'd say "meh."   

A margarita rocks with a bartender's weak pour of Patron will cost you $15.

I had to wait such a long time for my change (which was relatively substantial), that I walked away from it.  My time was more valuable.    

Ironically, my waitress (who possessed an average skillset and did nothing remarkable) was financially rewarded for the inefficiancy of the restaurant operation.    

If you're a tourist who likes the idea of an oversized souvenir dink container like the Eiffel Tower on a sling, or you find the name and concept of this restaurant makes you snicker, go here. 

Despite what you'd think, Harry's Pink Taco doesn't serve Mickey's Malt Liquor. Go figure?

Finally, as I write this review, I'm wondering while Harry didn't include his given name in the restaurants name?  Harry, all you had to do was put your name in front of Pink Taco.  Genius!