I have been a longtime patron of Sir Veza's Taco Garage; it is the only part of traveling that I enjoy. I looked forward to getting a breakfast burrito from Sir Veza's before jumping on a long flight across the country. Everything was great! Until I talked them up to my family and insisted we go get a breakfast burrito before a family vacation to Minnesota. I was so excited for them to try it. Well, my wife wasn't hungry, so she didn't order, just my brother and I ordered. The burritos came out astonishingly fast, as they usually do. My brother and I began devouring our burritos until after the second bite we looked at the now chewed off ends of the burrito. To our horror, we saw green eggs. Before you ask dear Yelpers, it was not St. Patrick's Day, and there was not a special Dr. Seuss promotion going on. 

My brother was worried he would now get sick on our flight, and so was I. We googled what it meant to get green scrambled eggs and found a few answers. It was likely cooked at too high a temperature on an iron based cook top or pan. The combination of the two causes the yolks to oxidize and creates sulfur dioxide or iron oxide or something like that (go ask Bill Nye). It is perfectly safe to eat, though the sulfur laden fart smell is hard to choke down. We did not end up getting sick. 

What has made me sick is the arduous process my wife has had to go through to get our refund processed. We were told by a "manager" that the refunds would go through in a couple days. We went on vacation for eight days and didn't think much about it. When we got back to Phoenix (late at night, after Sir Veza's was closed), the refund still hadn't processed. Now, we are talking ten or eleven dollars here. Not exactly breaking anyone's bank, but my wife and I try and live by some simple principles, and one is never to pay for something you didn't receive.

I called the store on July 13th, 2015 to ask about the refund. The manager I spoke with said she would look into the issue and call me back. No call on Tuesday. No call on Wednesday. So my wife called. She spoke to a woman named Maria who told her employee to say she wasn't there and to take a message (yes Maria, my wife could hear everything you were saying). Maria identified herself as the assistant manager.

Maria claimed that she called me and left a message, she did not. My wife asked to verify the phone number Maria had called (my wife is an indefatigable defender of truth and honesty) and the question was brushed aside almost expertly by the "assistant" manager. Maria tried hard to get out of having to do anything at all but agreed to call the district office. She would then call me the following day when the transaction was complete (I still have not received a phone call). Satisfied that we would finally get some justice (because we really could care less about $10/$11), My wife agreed to let bygones be bygones; but not before she asked if Maria had found that phone number she allegedly called and left a message for me. Remember my wife's tenacity? Maria blurted out a number that wasn't even close and kind of trailed off at the end. Do phone numbers now only have six digits?

There has been NO resolution. My wife called again today and found out from an ill-informed employee that Maria is, in fact, the GM of the area. We have been told that everything should be resolved today and that I will get a phone call when it has been submitted. I am not holding my breath. What's that saying? If a dog bites you once? Well... Hopefully, the same principle doesn't apply to green eggs or general managers named Maria...

I have nothing against Sir Veza's food despite my experience. I understand that mistakes happen and that being unreasonable about situations never helps get the results you want. My wife also understands this. In fact, she would tell you, despite all the pains, that Sir Veza's at Sky Harbor Airport makes the best Bloody Marry in Phoenix. We are simply upset that we have been brushed aside by this company's employees and management over a measly amount of money.

There was only one apology in this whole debacle that I am aware of. When the manager (it may have been Maria for all I know) originally tried to process the refund. She said, "Sorry... we just got new eggs". To which I thought, "Did we get the old ones then"?

So I, along with four of my colleagues and my brother, are swearing you off. It breaks my heart. Though, companies with terrible customer appreciation/service don't deserve our business. A little gratitude and sympathy could have gone a long way. A simple, "I'm sorry this has been such a difficult process" would have spoken volumes to their dedication to retaining a loyal customer base. Instead, we are all done with you. Well... except my wife, she is steadfast in her determination to get a refund. Also, she will be back for a Bloody Marry next time she travels. Seriously. They are that good.