People bitch way too much in general, and specifically about air-travel.   Flights are late, TSA carry-on rules are a pain and some overworked and underpaid airline employees make no secret of their unhappiness. But none of that makes it less amazing that for a historically small amount of money you can be whisked to any location in the country (the world, for that matter), reliably, in complete safety (as of 9-29-07 US commercial aviation is batting one fatal accident in about 4.5 million departures) and at least relative comfort. 

There are a number of problems with bitching, but the biggest is that it leads to blindness. We overlook or dismiss lots of good things, big and small. Jose Cuervo Taquileria at McCarran Airport (Concourse C) in Las Vegas probably gets overlooked and dismissed a lot. And I think that's a shame. I've been there twice, and was impressed both times, though in very different ways

First time I was making a connection (something in common between an airport and Yelp?), the place was full but my friend and I scored a table. The first thing the waitress said to us: 'kitchen is backed up. It could be 45 minutes to get your orders out. Is that OK?' It wasn't (couldn't wait), so we left. But I was impressed. That was someone who had her thinking cap on, was willing to be honest and by so doing saved everyone a lot of grief and aggravation.

My second experience was more conventional, but equally customer-centric. For around $13 plus tip I got a generous sized and good (on a par with what I'd expect walking into a random San Francisco Tequileria) chicken  fajita burrito plate and large bottle of ice tea served by the the very friendly and efficient  Rachel. Chips and rice were fresh, beans were good, the fajita itself was well prepared. When I asked for Nutrasweet Rachel ran to Starbucks to acquire some. 

But more than the food, the tea, the Nutrasweet, the service,  I  got a small island of comfort and private space. The experience didn't change my life, but it made the trip more pleasant, and was well worth the price. I'll be back. 

Food: Three Stars
Service: Five Stars
Total Experience: Four Stars
Other problem with bitching: it's bad for you. Check out this article http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/20185446/wid/11915773