Quick Summary: Granted it's an airport bar and flavors are going to be mediocre and things are going to be overpriced... but I think I would have preferred waiting in the 20 min Starbucks line over this... yeah I did just advertise for another place in this review... take that as a sign.

I'm all about expectations... you look at my reviews and for the most part, I like places. It's because I know why they exist and appreciate why they are there, whether it is for ambiance, for flavor, or for a quick bite.

For an airport bar, I expect quick service, food for the masses, and an up charge cause well they can. I put emphasis on the quick service though, cause let's face it I'm in an airport and I've got places to go.

That being said I came into here on a weekday morning, part of an hour an a half layover on my trip. Though it was a weekday morning, it is Vegas and much like the city, the airport never sleeps... as proven by the masses of people all over the gates and the dozen or so already in this joint.

It's a seat yourself sort of place, which is kind of nice... they should put all hands into attending to the customers. I grabbed a spot next to few other groups who seemed to be pretty well settled in (with drinks, etc.) And that was where I sat for 15 min with no other interaction.... and the waitress must have buzzed right by me 3x without so much as an acknowledgement that I was even there.

I finally got my drink order in for a bloody mary, which the waitress convinced me to go with their house version which included a chipotle spiced vodka and came with a double shot... or so she told me... after the 20 min it took to get my drink, it wasn't anything particular to rave about... and it surely wasn't a double shot either... I know what a double shot of vodka in the AM does to me... and if I left there upset... it didn't do it.

I placed an order of the chorizo nachos, which were ok... somewhat warm... cheese not as melty as I would expect... but then at this point... what did I really expect?

So as I started this review... it's all about expectations... and for an airport bar they couldn't even live up to that... I spent a good 65 minutes for a drink and chorizo nachos (which didn't come until 55 min had passed)... I shouldn't have to wait anywhere for that sort of slow service...