I'm an avid foodie, who also unfortunately has a gluten intolerance.  However, I know that Mexican food tends to be safe, so I figured that if my husband and I went here during our trip to Vegas, there would at least be something I could eat.  

We arrived about 10 minutes before open, and I'm glad that we did.  The place filled up very fast.  The great thing about this place is that because everything is made fresh, I was able to verify what items contained gluten.  My server was unsure of which fusion meats were marinated in soy sauce, but he promptly got the owner who was able to answer all of my questions.  

I was disappointed to find out that all of the fusion meats have soy sauce, except for the pork.  The Kimchi unfortunately has soy sauce too.  So my options were semi-limited, but  I was thrilled with the fact that I could still try some fusion food.  

I had the Bulgogi Nachos with pork and my hubby had the Fusion sliders with pork. His sliders looked fantastic and he was very happy with the heat.  My nachos were  phenomenal.  I loved that the chips were nice and thick, and therefore didn't get soggy.  The tast of the sweet/spicy pork with the cheese, pico, and hot sauce was unlike any other nachos that I've ever eaten.  

The star of the show was definitely the sauce that the pork is marinated in.  I loved the sweet/spicy/sesame flavor.  I tried to ask the owner what was in it, and he advised that his brother makes it on site, and that it's a secret recipe.  My hubby and I loved it so much that we bought some to take home with us back to Arizona.  I was hoping to duplicate it, but so far no luck.  

The only reason I gave this four stars instead of five is because I was disappointed so many menu items have soy sauce in them, and are therefore off limits to me.  But the food that I did have was absolutely outstanding.    

We both enjoyed our meal so much that we have decided that KoMex is a must on all of our future trips to Vegas.  We even wanted to stop by before leaving town, but couldn't due to bad planning.  This was actually one of the highlights of our entire trip and I can't wait to come back, even if it's just to try those tasty nachos again.