You want cheap eats and delicious food and be full for around $12 for two people? Come here. No, really, don't, because the parking lot is small as hell. It's tucked away in a tiny plaza with the smallest parking ever. Not bad at all during the weekday and off-hours though.

The place itself is tiny. There's only one big group table for 5+, but there's about seven-to-eight tables for 4-people. So if you plan on coming with a big group on a friday/saturday night, it's ideal to call ahead and make a reservation. Komex also does pick-up orders. 

I've been here several times and it never disappoints. 

Chips, salsa, and guacamole are complimentary starters here. 

First-timers ought to order their fusion tacos! Tacos are about $2.25 each and you get 3 choices for meat: spicy pork, chicken, or beef (pork is the best!). If you're hungry, 3 is enough for most people. They load that taco up with lettuce, tomatoes, and meat. What makes it fusion? The way they prepare their meat! Korean-style supposedly. The meat isn't fatty or overly greasy. The tacos are balanced well with the overflowing sliced cabbage and rich flavor of the meat. 

For the health-conscious, they do offer the taco on butterfly cabbage instead of your normal flour/corn tortilla on the menu. Trust me, somehow it's bigger. You want kimchi too? They offer it as an extra cost as well.

If you're ordering their fried rice (kimchi/regular) or bulgogi fries, they offer both half-size and full-size orders. Their half-orders are formidable! Split-worthy huge. Their full-size are just gut-expanding, self-loathing, raid-your-fridge-at-night huge. Both dishes are loaded with toppings and flavorful. You won't really get "tired" eating either one.  My friend and I get a couple of tacos each and split the half-size fried rice normally. So filling that we have argue who has to get the last bite...

At the end of every meal, they come out with a nicely cut split orange as the perfect ending to all that heavy food. 

Out of the many times I've been here, they've gone through quite a few servers. For such a small place, sometimes they do neglect refilling my water, especially when it's super busy. But, on most of my visits, it's consistently attentive. 

Downside? Not open late nights (they close around 8pm daily) and they are closed on Mondays. Nobody likes mondays anyway.

This place is awesome. I'm not always wowed, but this place deserves five stars in my book. Will it blow you away like five stars might suggest? Probably not, but you can't beat the price, service, consistency, and the solid food.