Yes yes yes! I am SO happy that they have opened their Southwest location. It is literally right behind my son's charter school, so you may find me here any given day after school... I used to make the 30 minute trek all the way to their Decatur location, but it was just too far to do every week, so when I heard that they have opened much closer to my home, we had to stop in of course.

On our second visit to this location, Linda was as sweet as ever, remembering my family from months ago! The new location has plenty of seating, so there is no wait for a table anymore. However, when we ate here, there were only about 2 other occupied tables but TONS of people came in and out ordering take-out like I used to. However, the people that are doing take-out are missing out on the chips, guac, and salsa as well as the orange slices and fortune cookies! 

So, this is my second time ordering the tacos as lettuce wraps and I LOVE them! I watch my carbs when I am provided with alternatives and I love that I can get all the flavors that I love in a lettuce wrap. I ordered one of each protein: beef, pork, and chicken. In the 15+ times I've ordered from KoMex, I never tried the pork. I have been missing out. The flavors from the marinade really stand out and are so great. The bugulgi is wonderful as usual with its hints of sweetness. The chicken was good, but did not have the korean flavors as much as the other 2. I'd say if you're weary of Korean flavors, start with the chicken, but please please please try the beef and pork. They are amazing and you will not be let down. Always get kimchee on them, or on the side. I have also tried the tofu taco which is yummy and they said that the tofu taco is not naturally vegan, but they're able to make it vegan, so I can bring my vegan friends here!

My husband ordered the mixed fried rice that comes with every protein including shrimp, as well as the bugulgi burrito. My kids shared what we ate as well as spam masubi. We were stuffed and even had left-overs for about $30 before tip. My favorites are: lettuce wraps/tacos, burritos, chow fettuccine with beef and kim chee fried rice with spam. Make sure to try their korean hot sauce. It is the best! I love that I could technically eat here 5 days straight, yet be eating a different culture of food every day. Their menu is expansive, yet everything is done wonderfully. Thanks for being so welcoming Komex. We will see you soon!