All I can say is WOW!  What an experience here?  I was finally in the vicinity of Komex so I took that family to try out this place. I told them I was going to Dairy Queen....  Yeah right, who would go to DQ for frozen foods that are reheated.....

1.  Why here?  Have no idea why this place is located on the north side of the 95 and Durango in a small strip mall however, it is very crowded.

2.  Groups - Most of the tables are wide enough to squeeze in five not so huge people, and they have two areas where seating for about 6 is very comfortable. However, possibly about 40 people can be in this place so it time your visit well.

3.  Food - Absolutely creative and amazing. If you are fond of Korean food, this is really cool.

Tofu Taco with Kim Chee - Nice tasting, flavorful and a bit of spice.

Bulgogi Taco - If you like the spicy salty sweet taste of Bulgogi, in a taco it really is nice.  I really liked all the kim chee on it, the chili paste, and the small round taco that is perfect to hold and eat.

KimChee Fried Rice - This is a truly great dish. I am a BimBimBap person myself, and so this was a unique dish full of flavor and very red overall due to the Kim Chee.  We brought some home as leftovers. It was great.

Bulgogi Slider Burger - My  son had this and he really liked it. He was quiet for a while as he scarfed this down.

Mongolian Beef with Rice - Could not decide if this was better tasting than the Kim Chee Fried Rice.

Teriyaki Chicken - Yeah, I know yet I have young ones and well, they like the more traditional stuff.  They do like Bulgogi and Kalbi and all the meats, however, sometimes you gotta get the Macaroni Cheese of Asian food... It was good.

Port Won Ton Fried - 8 per serving. Tasty and what a good deal. 

4.  Price - What an inexpensive place. Very nice on the budget.

5.  Soda's a great variety of drinks all seemingly purchased at Costo and sold. You can pick it yourself out of the fridge and they will add it to your bill.  I did ask for water, and they take bottled water out of the fridge and so, I did not check my bill to see if this was paid or free.  I prefer fountain soda in larger cups however, I was here for the food.

I like this place and will try it again for sure.  I think, that I am a real lover of the traditional Korean Style food, and I do like this place overall.

GK says, if you are in the neighborhood, check it out.