I FINALLY made my way to KoMex after long anticipation and boy, did it live up to its hype! 

I stopped in after finding myself on "that" side of town and had luckily arrived ten minutes shy of their opening time. My guy and I sat in the car to wait until the clock struck 11. As we did, I noticed car, after car, after car pull into the parking lot. I kept eying the rearview mirror saying aloud, "I wonder if they're going to KoMex..." As I watched the first car full of people make their way towards the KoMex door, I jumped out of the car and dashed for the door (I entered first by the way). 

We took our seats and browsed through the menu. While there were many items on the menu I wanted to try, we agreed that we HAD to try something off the fusion side. We decided on sharing an order of the Bulgogi fries and musubis on the side (the latter selection mainly due to the fact that I have a man from the islands). So, the place filled up within minutes of being there and while we waited, we were served homemade chips that were warm, crisp, not too salty, not too greasy. Just my style. 

The fries arrived first and man, were they delicious! The mixture of flavors of everything atop the mound of goodness was perfect-- It somehow tasted as though you topped off an order of Gordon Biersch's garlic fries with perfectly cooked bulgogi. Let me tell you, it tasted better than an order of Roberto's carne asada fries after a night of intoxication. The musubis arrived shortly after and didn't disappoint. I've actually never seen them molded the way they did-- they were wider and flatter than other places usually make them. 

Two things I did observe during my visit which is the only reasons why I didn't tack on that extra star:
1) As a holder of a food handler's card with lots of knowledge of food handling, I did observe one of the workers wearing the same pair of food handler's gloves the ENTIRE time I was there. The same pair was used to scoop ice, serve drinks, serve food, get items from the back, move the kitchen curtain, etc. I received a plate with a little bit of food on it as well as the drink I ordered having remnants of food that wasn't mine. 
2) I should've chosen my seat differently. I sat in a position directly across from the opened gate that separates the little prep counter with the customer seating. This gave me full view of the large garbage can that I wish I hadn't had view of during my entire meal. Next time, I'll sit elsewhere. 

Can't wait to return!