I have been meaning too come check out KoMex for awhile now. Or could say all the times been too babystack cafe located in the same shopping plaza keep thinking too myself need too try KoMex the next day. Well I finally got around too it.  

It was a mixed experience or really one not very star any worthy dish and then one that was home run. I came for lunch. The house chips and salsa/guacamole talk about great start too any meal of the day. The salsa was really nice not too spicy but still had a nice little kick too it. The guacamole was awesome! The chips was crispy, hot, and really could tell fresh tortilla they fried off. The seasoning on the chips was spot on too. Just make sure not too overload on them. Or just cave in too the addiction that once get one need another and another...

I ordered two dishes the fusion sliders and the kim chee fried rice. The fusion slider for me not fan of at all. The bulgogi meat that was awesome had really nice flavor, moist, and could have had whole plate just the meat. I felt like  it failed especially came too the slider buns. It was little bigger then normal slider buns. I felt with every bite was eating more bread then the whole compliment of bulgogi and the topping too the hot sauce inside the slider. The bun by itself was very bland and sandwich not sandwich if your bread all out of whack too start. Where the fusion sliders not the best thing on the menu. Once I got too try the kim chee fried rice with spam and topped with fried egg. Back in my Happy place with food. The spam goes really well with the kim chee make nice balance of flavors and fried egg on anything easy sold on that idea. I love me some fried egg. 

The portion sizes are decent size as are the prices. Most of the entrees all under $10 or not many that recall that went over that amount. The service was great, friendly, suggested spam with my fried rice (I was going in different direction but always trust the servers recommendation?), and very attentive making sure everything was ok. 

Although it was hit and miss. KoMex definitely place come back too try more of the menu. Not only reasonable price, good food, and even better close too the house!!