My overall review 2.5/5
Service 5/5 (but...had the nerve to charge gratuity 20% when we were the only table in the restaurant ?!)
Food 2/5
Ambiance 0/5 

4.5 stars review from fellow yelpers, but the food just wasn't up to par.. Something's not adding up here..

*note for the cook, not every dish needs black pepper, less is more sometimes! Not sure if you have tried your food lately but most of your dishes are missing something !! This is Korean Mex fusion , here's a clue, add some creamy sauce to your Mexican inspired dishes*

Now .. My Background ..
I'm from California so maybe the fusion here 
just can't beat it. Most of the dishes seemed to be missing just a little something... I was not impressed. We came here from Utah after hiking all day. Our group of 7 was hungry and ready to chow down.

I'll start with the best and go down the list. Here is what we ordered.

Kim chi fried rice 5/5
I'm a sucker for kim chi fried rice, some people like it, some don't. Me, I love a good kim chi fried rice. This dish packs a moist and flavorful punch in every bite. This is a must order!

Bulgogi cheese steak 4/5
Docked one star because you need to put sauce on each bite to taste the fusion. The "bulgogi" was not very seasoned. In general it was a good sandwich for you cheesesteak lovers.

Bulgogi chimichanga 3/5
Hey, where's the meat? Totally just a few scraps in my chimichanga  ? This also needed much sauce with each bite... And why was there black pepper poured all over the top? There is never black pepper on chimichangas or bulgogi!! Why did you put it ? It totally threw off the taste!!

Kimchi side dish 2/5
Hmmm, flavor was good, but $3 for kimchi.. And it's served warm and mushy.. Wttthhhhheck?? This should be cold and only served cold..

Spicy pork fusion nachos 2/5
Oh Koja kitchen, you've ruined me for eveyone else. There was no white sauce on these nachos, and this dish too was missing a certain something .. At least there was no black pepper on this one. Also just a few crumbs of meat accompanied this dish.

Wonton 1/5
Don't order it. Wonton skins soft and soggy, meat filling one dimensional, dry and lacking flavor. Again, heavy handed chef with black pepper overload in the soup but forgot to season the meat in the wonton.

Bulgogi plate 1/5
Dry, super plain and bland presentation. Doesn't look Korean/Mexican/Chinese/American ... Don't order this here !!!

Burrito 1/5  I didn't try it but it looked dry and standard.. Very plain..., I asked my friend who ate it and one word. "Meh" Nothing special here to try folks!

I dropped my fork and our waitress heard ,( probably due to the empty restaurant and the cling of my fork falling broke the sound of the crickets in the background ) she quickly came over and replaced it right away. Although I rated this 5/5 service, I suppose she earned the 20% gratuity we were never informed of.. 

Overall, I won't be back. I was wondering how my experience food wise can differ so much from other yelpers. Apparently, another yelper pointed out a change of ownership. That would explain it.

The restaurant was empty during dinnertime, new ownership, you should probably be reading these reviews and stepping up your game.. 

Btw most people like meat.. And with the little customers your have trickling in now a days, you should probably give people more meat to make them happier with your sub par food, unoriginal menu and dull flavors

Note for hungry yelpers, my ballers on a budget.  If you are hungry and need a cheap bite off the strip, you don't need to come out here! Check out all the Asian restaurants off spring mountain. It's a 2-5 min drive from the strip and you can find anything you want there.