WOW! Where do I begin? BOMB DOT COM !!
My good friend and food aficionado, Mr. P, suggested this spot while I was out in Vegas. On our way home (but not really on the way to Cali), we made it a point to try it out. I gotta say, this will be a mandatory visit each time I come out here! Komex lived up to all the hype on Yelp. 

The place is small and doesn't seat too many, so I would suggest arriving with enough time to cover this, just in case. When we got there, it was full and we waited in line for about 20 minutes to be seated. After being seated, we waited another 10 minutes to get our order in. The staff were super busy working nonstop the entire time and noticing this, I see that the wait is part of the visit. Don't hold that against them. 

As for the food...mmmm...made to order...mmmm...fresh...mmmm...OK, back to the review...So, you get an order of chips, salsa and guacamole after you order. Tasty and good. 

- Spicy pork taco for $2 was awesome! Not so spicy though, so don't worry. 
-  Bulgogi Nachos was the business! You HAVE to try this out. The Bulgogi meat is more of a teriyaki beef type, sweetened, tender and juicy. A nice pico de gallo blend on top and some beans and mozzarella cheese! This was a mouthful of flavor in each bite. 
- Shrimp fried rice was sooo good!! Some of the best I've had
-  Bulgogi chicken and rice was fantastic, says my 18 y/o daughter
-  Carne asada taco eaten by my 5 year old didn't stand a chance. He said he loved it.
-  Enchilada plate eaten by my 11 year old looked good too
-  Spam Musubi was just as good as the rest of it, says my 15 y/o daughter. You get 2 fat "rolls" in 1 order

As you can see, we ordered a lot of food and each of us were more than happy with what we had...We also had enough to take some for the ride home. 

Overall, arrive early, have patience, the portions are big, the price is small and the flavor is incredible. ...And the staff is busy making your food! I see that they are in the process of expanding and hope we get one in Cali...