5 star for quality, quantity and service. Hands down. I had the fusion taco with flour tortilla, vegetarian. My husband got the fish taco. I have to say, it was no doubt, the absolute BEST taco I ever had. Can that even be called a taco? Not for what I know as a taco. I know ground beef, or for me, ground seitan, lettuce, tomato, cheese and sour cream. I can't even explain the wonderfullness of this taco. It was fresh, crisp,  tasty and amazingly delicious. The fresh cilantro and scallion on top of the 2 types cabbage, pico and grilled veggies' was mouth watering. My husbands' fish taco was melt in your mouth fantastic. I loved both of them. So completely different in taste, but equally delicious. My sister ordered the carne asade, which I didn't taste, but it looked really good. The service from Linda was spot on. I appreciate her coming over and asking how I'd like my vegetarian meal. Did I prefer grilled veggiee's or fresh chopped? It's so nice to get that kind of personal service. Oh, I got the torta as well. OMG! It's sticky rice that's lightly fried so it's super crunchy. I, again, got the vegetarian. But I kept thinking, if I got the teriyaki beef on this, it would be out of this world! The starter of fresh chips, guacamole and salsa was yummy. The fact is was free....priceless. I had the unsweetened ice tea, delicious, and Linda was saying since she doesnt like tap water, she doesnt serve tap water. Anyone who orders water with their meal gets bottled water, free. LOVE IT! I was extremely impressed with the menu and after eating my meal and having a few days to digest, I'm dying to try others! I can hardly think of anything bad to say, but everything has something to make better so here goes. It's location is.....to be desired. The bathrooms are....disappointing. That's it. When you get past this, you will be talking about this meal for days to come. For me, it's day 3 and I haven't shut the hell up!!!
Enjoy. It will be a delightful meal that you will be telling everyone about. Me? I'll be back Saturday with friends!
For the record, I am happy with my review. However, after reading, my husband feels I am harsh with the bathrooms. Here is the truth. I didn't go in. My husband and sister did and both came out saying it was kinda gross. Nothing to take away from the awesome meal, but not good. So, that is why I said what I said. There was also a 30 minute conversation on the way home about the bathrooms. My husband and sister aruging that since it's a rented place, they can't invest in making the bathroom better. They say there were as clean as they could be. Anyway, I loved this place. The bathroom has no bearing on my opinion of this place. I only pointed it out because, any place, and I mean, ANY place, can always be better.