Almost six months had passed since I last reviewed this fine little restaurant, and it was time for a return.  I found it to be just as accommodating as before, offering free bottled water and complimentary homemade tortilla chips with a spicy guacamole dip.  I was even supplied with extra guacamole at no charge when the first quantity ran out.

This time I wanted to try new items.  So, I had a half-order of Wonton Soup and a full order of Mark's Favorite Chow Fettuccine.  The Wonton Soup was a simple but delicious bowl of Cantonese goodness.  It contained 4 doughy wontons filled with ground beef and pork, 1 button mushroom, some onions, and a touch of whisked egg floating in a very hot, very tasty broth.  A full order costs only $1.00 more, and contains 8 wontons!  

My main dish could easily have filled two diners, and it was probably folly for me to eat the whole thing in one sitting.  About two-thirds of the way through, I was asked if I wanted a to-go box--as if that was the normal regimen for a single diner--but foolishly declined and forged ahead until I was thoroughly stuffed.  And, my bathroom scale made me pay for that extravagance the next day.

The food itself consisted of a generous amount of hunks of tender chicken, pieces of lean beef, and medium-sized nicely stir-fried shrimps mixed with green and purple cabbage, red and white onion strands, green and red bell pepper slices, some carrot splinters, and oodles of fettucinne nicely mixed together with a very light brown sauce.  The dish just needed a little salt, which slight application of soy sauce quickly provided.  It was a fine platter of multi-flavored and textured treats.  Complimentary orange slices and a fortune cookie were brought to the table at meal's end for a refreshing finish to a very substantial lunch. 

I did notice one thing different from my two previous visits.  Instead of several casually clad 20-something males predominantly in attendance, this time the nearly completely full small dining room featured a wide mix of diners, including snowy-haired senior couples, young men in suits, a technician in surgical scrubs, the middle aged, and a young couple.  The demographics have shifted to a wider audience as the kudos keep coming in for this no longer obscure, cook-to-order gem.