Oh man, Komex, what an amazing place to eat! If you're not from Vegas, this is a restaurant to eat at. If you live in Vegas, make the trip and at least try it out!

I never heard about this place until I started doing this volunteer program at a school near there. On the way home from there. I was shown this place and I ate there with a group of friends. 

The first time there, I was a newbie and I didn't really know how to eat there or what to order, but my friends just suggested getting one taco of each type of Korean meat. I admit that it was delicious! They put a good amount of meat in the tacos and they overfill it with vegetables. They serve each taco with lime and have kimchi on request. If you've never been here, that's what I suggest that you do the first time to try. But if not, take a look at their menu at anything else that gets your attention. A cool thing that they do is that they serve nachos with salsa and guacamole free in the beginning of each meal and some orange and fortune cookies at the end!

The name is Komex after all, so it's a Korean Mexican fusion restaurant. They have a lot of Mexican staples like burritos, enchiladas, chimichangas, tortas, etc, but with Korean meat! Those would be the main things I would be looking for along with other things with Korean meats. The fried rice and kimchi fried rice are something good to try in my opinion. If you love Mexican food though, the bulgogi nachos or bulgogi fries are the things to try!

The bulgogi fries are personally my item of choice between the two, but people have their preferences. Everything blends well together. The bulgogi sometimes feels like it fits in better, but of course, that again depends on the person. A full order will take a beast or a few people to finish, so if you're by yourself, consider ordering a half order. 

The servers are always very nice people, especially the lady. They are always attentive and more than willing to help you out with menu choices or just any other request you may have!