August 12, 2011

This is fusion food to the max!

Pros:
  +  awesome combination of multiple ethnic cusines
  +  friendly service
  +  complimentary chips , dip + homemade guacamole
  +  good prices

Cons:
  -  no refills
 -  parking plaza is tight... making parking a pain.

Overall:
  A must try for those who want to try something different

  Bulgogi Burrito... like seriously !!!!  It's pretty intense on the tongue.  They even bring you sauces where you can choose to top off your food with a mexican style or korean style sauce.  There's a third sauce, but I forget what it was ha.  I came here with my girlfriend and we ended up ordering the Bulgogi Burrito, fish tacos, a couple drinks, and chow mein to go (for lunch at work).  Everything I ordered was really good.  The burrito was huge and exploding with flavor.  If you like Korean and Mexican food, this is the perfect place for you.  Aside from blending Korean and Mexican, they managed to squeeze other cultures into the mix.  They've got Chow Mein, Burgers, Boba, and Chicken Wings on the menu as well.  Unfortunately, there are no free refills, but no biggie.  The fish tacos looked amazing.  You can see the quality  in the chunks of fish that was in the taco.  It was a bit too salty for my taste, but really good nonetheless.  The complimentary chips / guac/ salsa was a nice touch.  The chips were a bit soft (it would have been perfect if they cooked it a minute longer), but were very satisfying.  When lunch time came around, I opened my to-go container only to find a over-flowing heap of chow mein waiting for.  It wasn't my favorite item from what we had ordered, but there quantity was very generous (it wasn't bad, but no match for the Bulgogi Burrito).  

Tips: 
*  when headed north on Decatur (from 95), it's on your left side across the street from the Ford Dealership in a plaza.  I mention this because I drove right past it the first time.

*  Try the Bulgogi Burrito or taco for sure.  I didn't try the taco personally, but I'm assuming it's just as good as the burrito.

* Order the chips well done and it'll be perfect!

*  Come hungry... the portions are generous for the price.