Since Minh plans our anniversary trips, I get to plan our anniversary dinner wherever we go.

After doing some research and asking some of our Vegas friends about this place, (the other reviews really do not do it justice) I was told that this would be the perfect spot of us.

Called the week of and made reservations, the girl who answered the phone was pleasant. I was asked if we were celebrating anything that night. Said we were it was our anniversary. Was told that there would be something special for us after our dinner. I do not ever except a restaurant to do anything nice like that (half the time they are busy and forget). 

We arrived sort of late due to the fact we were staying about 30 minutes from DTLV. No, problem as I called to let them know we were running late. The guy who answered the phone said he would move our reservation to an hour later just in case we hit traffic. Parking is by street only, which is not a huge deal as this place is located right in the heart of all the awesome bars and Fremont Street!

Walking into this place is just how the photos are, super dark and full of amazing vintage lights, a neon pink monkey sits high above on the side of the building, potted plants and flowers line the side of the wall, Mexican artwork and religious figures greet you as you walk inside.  **Note: You enter in on the side of the building. It looks confusing but trust me as we stood outside after taking photos looking like to dumb idiots trying to figure out how to get inside** 

Entering into the actual restaurant was even more beautiful! It was still dark with candles on the table, Día de Muertos stuff was displayed all over, and they were playing The Cure and other likes of music. I am in LOVE!

The hostess showed us to our table, and then our server came promptly after to take our drink order while another server brought us fresh chips and salsa. We decided to order some guacamole to go a long with our crunchy snack. For $8.00, you get a huge bowl of freshly prepared guacamole mixed with pico de gallo, jalapeno, and zesty lime juice. Muy delicioso!!

Ordered one more appetizer to try Elotes Asados $8.00
Mexican Street Corn, queso fresco and chile lime butter. It is off the cob, which makes it a lot easier to share. They give you a huge plate of this too!

Our server gave us more than enough time to enjoy our conversation and appetizers. When we were ready she came back to take out order.

Enchilada De Pollo- $14.00 -Pulled Chicken, queso fresco, onions and mole poblano sauce.
I was not expecting this enchilada dish to be giant but it was staring right back at me. The smell from the mole sauce started to make me drool (and kind of miss my nana she made the best mole) Well here goes nothing, I sank my fork and knife into the hot mole and tortilla out came a huge cloud of steam followed by the aroma of marinated pollo and onion. First bite was delicious!  The mole sauce was sweet but not over baring like some of them can be! 

I tried my hardest to finish the whole thing but with a night of partying after, I decided it probably would not be a good idea to be Enchilada wasted!

Service was great, they did not do anything for our anniversary like promised, but as I said, I do not ever expect! 

Would we return yes! Their happy hour I heard is awesome, as I would like to try their sangria and some more of their appetizers.