I am going to start off by just stating that this place is hit-or-miss.  I've been here before for events and had a great time.  Everyone loves the cocktails and the bartender KNOWS his tequilas.  I've never really sat down for serious eating here until two days ago.  I waited 48 hours to write this and I still can't shake feeling ripped off.  

I generally shrug off service issues.  La Comida is a hip place in a currently hip part of town.  I'm not there for Zagat rated service.  But in a restaurant a quarter full, we shouldn't have had to wait 10 minutes for a server. This set the stage. We asked about any specials, but the server told us they are listed on the menu. I then pointed out those were SPECIALTIES, do they have any daily specials? I then told him in Spanish. He got it, laughed and said no.  Pretty matter of fact, but on top of a ten minute wait, not appreciated.
 
I ordered the shrimp ceviche. My date the chicken burrito.  My "dinner" came back a little cup of miniature shrimp, no bigger than a dime, on top of some diced fruits and avocado. It looked and tasted like half of the serving you get in a 99 cent shrimp cocktail in sundae glass up the block the California Hotel on Fremont Street.  Worse? It tasted like it! I couldn't believe it. The way it was described by the waiter, it seemed it would at least be in league with similar restaurants.  This couldn't even hold a candle to Applebee's.  This dish was $12 and it couldn't have cost them more than a quarter to make.  I was livid, but on a date, so just smiled....and drank my warm Modelo.

My date fared better. The chicken burrito had a chewy tortilla wrap, but the chicken was good and somewhat ample.  It was also kind of pricy at 12 bucks, but could tolerate it because was more than a cup of miniature brine shrimp at the same price. My date's Modelo was also warm (but we were told they were supposed to be like that by the waiter. OLE')

Bottom line...this is a destination restaurant more for taking selfies with drinks in hand than actually eating food.  I don't think the owners, Jenna and Michael Morton, who are renowned for creating dining experiences, are probably even privy to this kind of spotty food and service going on.  I'm hoping they are not.  But if it's really good food you want for the money, I'd say have a drink here first and move on.