What an awesome little hidden gem inside of a gas station. Yes, you totally wouldn't expect a joint such as this at a gas station to serve such good food like Chile Verde does, but you are in for a surprise. Plus, you can't really see their signage since it's on the same one as the gas station prices, but I guess they get all their business through word of mouth and of course Yelp. Our church group uses this gas station for our fireworks booth and 2 years ago when we first did it I didn't really pay much attention to them. Now that I read all these awesome reviews I definitely had to try them out. During our 6 days we were there I tried them 2 times and they certainly did not disappoint! The first time I had the nachos with beef and everyone is right the tortilla chips are made fresh and they are delicious. Unlike, Roberto's who has dry nachos and carne asada, their version of beef nachos was certainly not dry but had some moisture to them. I'm glad I asked for my beans on the side because it would of ruined the awesome texture of the fresh tortilla chips. The second time I ordered the California burrito, which was priced at around $5. This burrito was huge! At other places they would probably price it at $6 or $7 which makes Chile Verde affordable. I bet 2 people with smaller appetites could share that burrito because I could only eat 3/4 and let me tell you I am an eater. The inside of the burrito had fries and beef with salsa. Pretty delicious I must say. My only major gripe is that the owner is a 1 man show! He is the cashier, the cook, the expediter, everything! I know he is probably doing that to reduce costs and keep prices low, but man the wait time is rather long just like everyone says. Both times I was there, he was super busy. Although the second time the food came our faster than the first. The first time I think I waited a good 15 minutes. If only I lived in this area, but I guess this joint adds on to the foodie spots on Rainbow Blvd/South West area. The chimichanga looks good and I will order that next time I'm here. Chile Verde is definitely a step up above Roberto's and if you're in the area craving Mexican food, definitely hit Chile Verde up!