I used to eat at El Encanto a lot years ago, and when a buddy invited me to go with him to Cave Creek shopping for a Mexican style Bistro table, I said "only if you treat me to lunch at El Encanto!

Unfortunately, lunch was a disappointment. They seated us at a table in the direct sun (it's January, and the hostess said "so you can enjoy the warm sun"). The problem was that the sun was at an angle that blinded us so we requested to be moved. Our waiter took our order, then the hostess moved us to a perfectly good table.

But it seems that our waiter at the original table was not happy about giving us up to the waiter for the new table, and while that argument ensued, we had no waiter. After what seemed like forever, I motioned to the waiter waiting the table next to ours and asked if he knew who our waiter was. He told me that the original waiter would be waiting on us, and I told him that so far no one has waited on us. He said tersely "So what is it that you need?"  I said "some silverware and water would be a nice start". He grabbed silverware, napkins and water glasses from a nearby table and said "don't shoot the messenger" to which I said "I don't want to shoot anyone, I just want standard service".

Our food did show up, and later our waiter showed up.

We ordered:

- Large Guacamole (to share)
- Quesadilla with chili strips (my buddy)
- Chili Relleno with Carne Asada (me)

The guacamole was actually quite good, even if it is a bit over priced.
The Quesadilla was not a Quesadilla at all, but a cheap cheese crisp and not really even a good Cheese Crisp at that.
The Carne Asada that came with the Chilli Relleno was good, but the Poblano was filled with mashed potatoes! (yep, mashed potatoes). I guess it was the Irish-Mexican version of the Chili Relleno?

Overall we managed to pay $40 for an $8 lunch, and an overall bad experience.

As it turns out, I will be going to Cave Creek several times in the coming weeks. As it turns out I will not be dining at El Encanto.

Anyone know of a good place to eat in Cave Creek?