I didn't realize that I had a set of Mexican Grandparents, until I stepped into this modest looking haven of fine Tortas.

These things are made with as much love as a mother gives to her newborn baby, and that's no understatement!

I have visited this location on three separate occasions within the past year while waiting for my tires to be serviced across the street.

Upon each visit, I was greeted with a sincere, unbiased, smile that could only come from the heart of a grandparent who was just grateful for each day of life and who got their joy from making others happy by cooking them a meal that only a grandmother is capable of concocting.

From the sweet little voice that takes your order, to the smiling grandpa in the kitchen who makes each Torta or Taco to your liking, you can't help but feel the love in this place, despite the not so attractive surrounding businesses. It really does feel like you're visiting your innocent grandparents who live in a not so hot neighborhood.

Now onto the food that can't help but soak up all of that love that surrounds it.

Today, I ordered the Torta Al Pastor. If you aren't familiar with Al Pastor style meat, which is most commonly associated with pork, you need to do a little research, because you are in for a real treat! I would consider Al Pastor style to be the Mexican version of what Rednecks call BBQ Style. This torta would be the Mexican equivalent to a pulled pork sandwich.

From the warm, lightly toasted bread that is classically used with Tortas, to the light mayo, the Avocado, shredded lettuce, thin pickled green Chile's, thin sliced tomato, marinated pork in the Al Pastor seasonings, the love is in every bite of this beauty. 

I'm not big on bread, and sub sandwiches just have way too much bread that take away from the flavor of the quality parts of the sub sometimes. The Mexicans really outdid us with the Torta. When a torta is made fresh and properly by an experienced set of Mexican old timers who love to see people smile when they eat their food, it's something that will put any hot sub in town to shame!

If you aren't a fan of swine, don't be alarmed, there are many other selections, and yes the do have a Torta Carne Asada for the unadventurous Weditos.. ;)

Don't be such a Wedito and go try something different, I can assure you that regardless of the torta at this location, you will not be dissatisfied, and I promise that you will feel like you are eating at your Mexican Grandparents place...

While you are in this place, help them unlock their business on Yelp. They are like most other grandparents and technology has run right past them.

This place could use some business, and I know that others out there who are like myself, always love to know of random little places that may not look so hot from the street, but are a real treat once you break through those doors.

Can't wait to start seeing some more reviews on this place, it deserves some Yelp attention!

Cheers and Salute! ;)