After talking with the owner I have decided to update my review.  I did get my order replaced and was very happy with the food.  The owner made an exceptional customer recovery and was very understanding and helpful.  He did offer me the apology that I thought was due and I am now a happy customer.  Thank you Paquime for making it right.



Staff is not well informed in their own products not vegetarian friendly.  I went today for lunch and the place was really packed which at first I thought was great because it meant the food should be delicious the inside tables were all full so I did my order to go.  After ordering the Vegetarian Paquime torta I waited 25 minutes for my order to be ready.  Once I got to my work I noticed that my torta had meat.  I wanted to call the store but the receipt did not have the phone number listed.  The rest of my break was spent calling the store.  When I explained this ordeal to the employee she laughed, just plained laughed.  After a few minutes the manager, Bania, got the phone, she told me that they did not have a vegetarian torta since the Paquime comes with pork. I told her that their menu  reflected otherwise, since it listed the torta as a vegetarian option and that is the way I ordered it  after asking the cashier what came with it (which the girl that took my order did not know) and I did not think it was funny that her employee laughed.   Bania, then said well what is the problem with your order then?  I explained to her that I just wanted to inform them about the mistake that was made but that I did not appreciate that her employee laughed and that noone apologized and by now my whole lunch was over and I did not have anything to eat.  The situation was not handled profesionally, and yes I know I could have just taken the meat out, ate the darn thing and everyone is happy, but I wanted to inform them about the mistake so it could be avoided in future.   This place did not impress me and will more likely stop me from going again.