My wife and I have made two trips to Roberto's from Dana Point, CA (400 miles) and we haven't been disappointed.  Although its not the only reason for our visit, a stop at Roberto's is a must when we're in the Phoenix area.  I have tried, and thoroughly enjoyed the al pastor tacos, beef chimichanga burrito, and I really like the way they crisp up the carnitas.

My wife judges a Mexican restaurant by the quality of its chile relleno and says this is the chile relleno she has been waiting for: two to a plate, great presentation and delicious.  The light breading allows the flavors of the chili and cheese to dominate the palate as they should.

She also recommends the tortas she had at breakfast. The bread, light and toasted perfectly, hugs a generous helping of carne asada (with fajita style onions and peppers), and if you like, guacamole.  Pair that with a cup of their terrific coffee, or if you have never had Jamaica, a delicious Mexican beverage brewed fresh from flowers, try it.  Either way you have a breakfast you won't forget.

Oh, and by the way, the members of the local fire department showed up to order breakfast while we were there.  If they are eating there, you know it's good.  Just had to thank them for their service.  

This is truly a restaurant where family meets family, Roberto's and yours.

And for you insiders, we both love Roberto's homemade tamales.  Although they're not on the menu, we have been fortunate enough to take some of their tamales home during both of our visits.

I believe tamales are normally made for the sale in the store on Thursdays (check with them to be sure), but they don't last.   On our first trip in 2008 to their old location, we stopped in for lunch (excellent) and were told that they were bringing in homemade tamales that afternoon.  We returned that night for dinner and to pick up some tamales that they kept for us.

During our most recent trip we stopped in for breakfast on a Saturday.  But, fortunately for us, they were making tamales for a catering job the same day and sold us some of their extras.  We again returned in the evening for dinner and to pick up some tamales.

These tamales are just like I wish my (Chinese) grandmother used to make.  Check with them to see when they're available.  They're really worth the extra effort.

Although Roberto's delivers, I regret that they won't come to Dana Point.