Burrito Heaven. I'm really getting behind on my Yelping, but I had to at least get to my review for the Original Burrito Company.

When I looked them up here on Yelp and saw slightly under four stars I was taken aback. Who could give a low rating to this place? Even if the Soup Nazi was the owner, the quality and quantity for the money should put it over four stars. I NEVER go to the same restaurant twice in two days, but yesterday and the day before I stopped here--the second day because I was just curious about the other stuff on their menu. I should mention I live about ten miles from here. 

It started on Monday when I was bringing my son back from the doctor near Ahwatukee. It occurred to me as we left that I had lived in Ahwatukee twice before (I'm now in Tempe) and never tried the Original Burrito Company. I decided to rectify the situation.

I don't think this place is ever slow, but I caught them at a good time. There was no one in line in front of me, though the counter person was doing other stuff and took a couple of minutes to greet me--more on this later. I opted for the carne asada burrito. It arrived in a few minutes and it was AWESOME! When I think burritos I typically think FLATULENCE because 9 times out of 10 they are 50% beans at the very least. Here, with this particular burrito, they give you an option of either beans or guacamole. I went for guacamole and it came out to about 85% carne asada (yummy), 10% guacamole (good), and 5% salsa verde (excellent and spicy). This was $4.50 including chips. 

The next day my wife and I stopped by. I had the red chili burrito and my wife had the pollo con chili rojo y arroz. Mine was $3.65 and hers was $4.45, including chips, and both were awesome. Again, both were stuffed with the main ingredients and not a bunch of beans and other fillers. Somebody here mentioned that they are skimpy on the ingredients, but I have found the exact opposite to be true on my two visits. Maybe when that reviewer visited they were training a new employee. 

The only drawback that I can find is the service. It is not bad, but not super friendly or real attentive. No one greeted me when I walked in and both times it took the woman behind the counter a couple of minutes to say anything to me. But once she started taking my order all was well. 

For anyone wanting no-frills Mexican--burritos in particular--this place is Heaven.