I've lived in the valley for 30 years, so I have had the opportunity to try many different Mexican restaurants.  On Sunday evening, September, 6th, at around 5:00 pm, my wife and I decided to give El Encanto Dos a try.  There was a healthy supply of cars in the parking lot which is always a good sign to us. Upon arriving, we were greeted with architecture and decorations that were lively and gave us the feeling we were in old Mexico. Our server was Mary, who was pleasant, helpful, and on top of things throughout our entire dining experience.  As I watched other diner/server interactions in our section, pleasant, prompt and courteous service seemed to be the rule, rather than the exception. I was equally impressed with the general manager, Maria, who made regular rounds checking on customers and eliciting feedback, all while wearing a pleasant smile and helping to create a pleasant environment, and one in in which you genuinely felt the manager was actively involved and on top of things, rather than camped out in an office somewhere. On to the food; first we were brought complimentary chips which were warm and crispy. With the chips came green salsa, house sauce, and red chipotle sauce. These were the perfect compliment to the chips and none were too hot, although, the red chipotle sauce does have a nice kick to it. Next, my wife and I looked at the menu and after seeing several things we wanted, decided we'd share our food.  First up was the appetizer, 2 shrimp tacos for $9.99 described on the menu as "Fresh shrimp inside two lightly fried corn tortillas, filled with lettuce, queso fresco, red onions, shredded carrots and crema fresca." These were delicious! Each taco was stuffed to the max with filling and El Encanto did not skimp on the shrimp!  The first entree we ordered was the Plato Burro (from the menu) "A fresh flour tortilla filled with your choice of filling. Served with Mexican rice & refried beans. May be deep fried. Shredded chicken, Carnitas, refried beans or vegetables 10.99 Green chile beef or shredded beef 12.99 Carne or Pollo Asada 14.99. Add sauce 1.99 Sub whole wheat tortilla .99" We ordered ours with shredded beef, deep fried, covered with fundido sauce.  The shredded beef had a wonderfully seasoned taste and the fundido  sauce is out of this world! The only suggestion I would make, is if you order one deep fried, get the sauce on the side, so your deep fried shell remains crispy throughout the meal. For our second entree, we ordered the seafood enchiladas ( from the menu) "El Encanto's famous blend of shrimp and bay scallops fill two flour tortilla enchiladas. They are topped with green sauce and a dollop of fundido sauce. Served with black beans and rice. 14.99" There were a lot of shrimps and scallops in the enchiladas! Combined with the sauces, this dish was superb and well worth the price. My wife decided to try a frozen margarita and was offered a choice from one of many different flavors including regular, strawberry, banana, mango, prickly pear, etc. She went with the regular flavor of which I had a few sips.  So nice to be able to drink a margarita in which the taste of a quality tequila is prevalent! A server told us the margaritas were addicting and she was right!  The wife and I agreed that El Encanto Dos Margaritas would definitely be included in future visits.  Finally, the rice and beans served with dinner at other Mexican restaurants have never been a favorite of my wife's, nor mine, and usually end up in a doggy bag to be tossed at a later date,  The flavor and consistency of El Encanto's black beans, refried beans, and rice, are so good, we cleaned our plates.  It wasn't until I went to write my review that I read some of the other comments about El Encanto Dos.  I was extremely surprised because I couldn't find one negative thing about our experience...and I looked hard.  If you've never tried El Encanto Dos, I'd encourage you to give it a chance, and decide for yourself if I just had a lucky experience, or if it's as good as I say! I know I'll definitely be back!