Holy salty food, Batman!  0_o

I had dinner here on Friday with my husband and toddler daughter.  It was packed, but not nearly as packed as the other restaurant that we attempted to visit and left because there wasn't enough space for us.  We waited in line for a few minutes and finally it was our turn to order.  I shouted my order to the employee on the other side of the counter; over the deafening din of other people who were talking and eating and all the kitchen noise.  It's very noisy when that place it busy!

 I ordered 2 enchiladas with the 50/50 flour/corn tortillas and the short rib for the filling.  I chose green enchilada sauce and cheddar cheese as my topping with some Pico de Gallo and buttermilk dressing.  For my little I got her a carnita taco with a side order of the sautéed spinach and mushrooms and some of the same buttermilk dressing on her taco.  My husband ordered two enchiladas: one was spinach and mushroom filling and the other a cornbread filling.  He had the red sauce on his enchiladas.   At the register I added on a grapefruit margarita and a fountain drink for my husband.   We paid around $32 for everything.

The inside was packed, so we ate on the outside patio.  The patio was also very busy and every table was taken so we could only find seating at the counter that runs along the face of the patio wall.  It was difficult to keep a toddler perched high atop the barstool so that was a bit of a challenge, but the twilight temperature outside was really perfect so some of the hassle of sitting out there was worth it.  
  
My grapefruit margarita was very tasty, but the food is a different story.  I like salt, I use a good deal of it in my normal cooking because as a Sonoran desert dweller we need it in our systems to survive, but I can hardly remember a time where I'd been to a restaurant and the food was so over-salted that I couldn't finish eating.  That was the case on this visit, my husband complained of the same thing, despite the fact that he was eating a completely different kind of enchilada than I was!  Our toddler only picked at her food too, I suspected it was also the sheer saltiness of it.

The buttermilk dressing on my enchiladas and my daughter's taco was outrageously salty, the green enchilada sauce across my food was crazy salty, the short rib filling was heavily salted and I think there was even salt in the Pico de Gallo too.  Seriously, whoever is in the kitchen at Gadzooks NEEDS to step away from the saltshaker, the saltiness of everything overpowered the different flavors of the dishes and it was over the top.  

I'll try this place one more time and if that visit goes poorly then I'm done.  This is my second try to understand what everyone else sees in this place.  :/