GADZOOKS!!! The name says it all.... I have been waiting for this place to open and have been folowing on Facebook for months and when I finally heard there was going to be a soft open/ lunch service I jumped at the opportunity to full fill my enchilada craving. 
As everybody has been saying the owner Aaron was very helpful and a shorter man that had a striking resemblance to Sean Astin (the guy from Rudy/ Lord of The Rings) was also very informative about the menu.
I ate the short rib enchilada and the chicken, both took me on a one way trip straight to flavor town. If it was winter and I was wearing socks.... they would have been blown off.

 "On top" you have got to get the Guac, it cost a little extra, but trust me.... just trust me K!!

One thing I was not expecting was to see somebody hand making tortillas and asking me, "corn" or "50/50" (a half corn half flour tortilla). Knowing full well that swimsuit season is just around the corner I decided what the heck, 50/50.... and for those of you that don't know, 50+50=100. and those tortillas are 100% delicious.
 
A side of chips came in handy to scoop up the remaining guac, sauce and cheese left from my devouring of the Lada. I cant tell you how many times I have been to a Mexican food place and the integrity of the tortilla chip was compromised with every returning dip to the salsa bowl or guac. If the dip was the battlefield, these chips are the Sherman Tank of WW2 that plowed through the field and won the war in Europe. After my trek trough the dip i tossed that bad boy in my mouth and all the sudden it was no longer a tank, but rather a hot air balloon, light and crisp, the perfect chip each time.

I am excited to return and try the Spinach and mushroom enchilada and the "smashed" potato enchilada. I am not a Vegetarian but like Pokemon, I gotta catch em all!!! I am thrilled to have a great patio spot on the way home from work to stop and grab a bite and beer before heading home to my nagging roommate. 

A great addition to the local feel that CenPho is developing!!!