Overall my experience at Gadzooks was a dissappointment. I had been excited to try this place for months. 

First, the customer experience is extremely lacking. The place was so quiet. There was no music, no tvs; just the awkward sound of echoing conversation from the other patrons. Not the worst thing ever though. I stared at the menu for at least five minutes before any aknowledgement. Then, the only words from behind the counter were "what are you getting?" For a new place, a little helpful guidance or possibly some explaination would be great. Especially when the have several types of tortillas, meats, cheeses and sauces. I don't really know what I want yet, because I don't understand whats going on yet. everone was grumpy, except the gal at the cash register. ;/

Presentation was not great either. The ceramic dishes wer nice, sturdy and cooled quickly. The to-go packaging was really neat as well. What wasn't neat, was the soup dish. It was a cup. Like, a paper cup that you put a fountain soda in. Uh... that seems pretty ratchet. no soup bowls, or paper soup cups? Also, the food along the toppings line was just sitting in an empty steam/cooling table in what looked like storage containers. Also, they only have 2, very small trash cans that were almost un-noticeable. Napkins, straws, silverware: all seemingly happhazardly thrown in a divider next to the fountain.Did they rush to open so quick, that they cut a few corners? It defintiely seems like it. They probably should have waited another month, so that customers would have a genuine "WOW' experience.

Next was the food. Simply put, I didn't like it. I can admit that the reason for this was no fault of the establishment, but my own personal tastes. It just wasn't my type. They definitely have some decent options but they were missing an obvious staple. BEEF! At least, I didn't see any, and as I stated earlier, the employees were less than helpful, so if there was a beef option with a zany nickname, I had no idea. The tortillas were either corn, or a corn/flour hybrid. I prefer flour, so they werent my favorite. The rating i am giving here is based 90% on my experience, not so much the food.

Final thought: After much built-up anticipation, I was underwhelmed when I got in, and left feeling hungry and frustrated. Hopefully, in a few months when I give it another shot, some noticeble customer service improvmnets will have been made.