This place is a new building with a small parking lot. The look was fresh and new, I just didn't like the chalkboard menu, you have to tilt your head back to view it all, wayyy back. The inside seating isn't that huge but they do offer additional seating outside. With the nice weather (73F) it's not to bad...for now...

I ordered the 2 enchilada's with corn tortilla, 1 pork and 1 chicken. The chicken tasted like I could've made it at home, and thats not a compliment. The pork was much better. I got green sauce on top with cheddar cheese. After they stuck it in the fire stove and melted the cheese, I asked for the hottest salsa (a red sauce), pico de gallo and a side of the cabbage stuff. Don't know what the cabbage was exactly called, but that was delicious. Just those two were enough to fill me up. I don't eat enchilada's that often and when I do, its pretty basic. But there was so much options that my choices didn't actually come together. That doesn't take away from the place though.

Next visit I'll try the beef and the mushroom spinach enchilada. They also have bison, but I'll take a pass on that. What I thought was interesting was when you go to pay, they ask if any of the food items is bison, basically going off the honor system of you telling them it is or not. When I walked in there were about 6 people in front of me. When I sat down, there was 20 people behind me. The cashier was talking to another guest and she was saying that they are always packed. So plan to wait.

What annoyed me: The bathroom's are locked. I guess you have to ask for the key, not sure since I was annoyed and decided to hold it. lol The "service line" wasn't at their best. The first guy was making fresh tortilla's and when he put my tortilla's on the line he decided not to keep going and put the meat in.(He did for the guy in front of me, I guess because there was no one behind me?) He could've finished IMO. The second guy was in charge of meat and cheese...thats it...he could've assisted the third person - she had to pop them in the oven, finish the topping THAN check the customer out. He didn't move....that would've pissed me off if I was her. While waiting for my meal to melt, one other person appeared from the back and stood at the beginning...but no one still bothered to help the last person.

What made me happy: They had cream soda. lol