The short: The sauces/salsas and soup were too salty for me, some of the seating was tight, and the ordering process was a bit confusing or overwhelming for new customers, but the fillings were really delicious--extra kudos for offering several tasty vegetarian options. 

The long: If you're new, I recommend you stand back, look at the giant overhead menu, and formulate a game plan before you walk up to the counter, because once you do, you walk under the menu so it's out of sight. You have to be quick, too, because the only place to view the menu without being in the way is just inside the door. I wish the menu were along the back wall so it could always be in sight. Every dish is built the same way, even the soup, which is why I was confused when the toppings I requested in my enchiladas started to be piled on top of my soup. 

We ended up getting a bowl of soup with green chili pork shoulder on top (I'd meant for it to go into the enchilada and couldn't stop them in time before they plopped it on top of the soup) and four enchiladas: guajillo braised short ribs, sauteed spinach mushroom, smashed jack potato, and cornbread in corn tortillas. All of these fillings were amazing--flavorful, clean, fresh, and filling. The pork shoulder and cornbread were my favorites. The pork was so, so tender and moist--probably one of the best savory bites I've had in a long time. We tried both the red and green sauces and the pico and salsa verde. This is where the salt shriveled my tongue, pickled my guts, and hardened my arteries. The soup was also way too salty for me, and I couldn't finish it. I got a fried egg on top of my enchiladas, and that was a bit salty, too. For the most part, I was glad the tortillas protected the fillings from the sauces because I ended up just prying into them and eating the fillings about halfway through. My boyfriend agreed that it was pretty salty, but he managed to finish most of his meal and didn't say it was too salty to finish. Honestly, I want to say it was just my taste buds, but it was the saltiest food I can remember eating.

As for the ambiance, it's all right. Plain furniture and walls, brightly lit, and thankfully no loud music, but the chairs, especially near the window, were tight. After I sat down, someone sat down behind me and trapped me in so I had to scoot out sideways because I couldn't even turn around to ask him to let me out. I'd aim for one of the tables down the middle of the room next time.

We finished off by splitting a glazed pumpkin cookie--tender and cakey, and one I'd definitely eat again.

I do want to try them again, but until I know if either my taste buds or their kitchen were just off or I've just gotten too sensitive to salty food, I think I'll just top my stuff with cheese and get some salsa on the side.