So I'm going to break it down factually because I feel a bit bad for ranking it so low though I believe I have plenty of reasons for the 2 star review:

1- Service - I appreciated the service we got upon arrival;  Our server gal was friendly and did a great job of getting our large party set up as comfortably as possible;  She took our orders in a prompt fashion but the food did take a considerably long time to get there and all of us had to feast on 2 rounds of chips and salsa in the meantime; We were a huge party, so I can forgive some of that wait; For drink refills, there they seriously lacked - the sodas never got refilled until the very end when I ended up walking up to the bar to ask for refills.  Overall, they were very friendly and accommodating with the seating, and slow with a few things.

2- Cleanliness - Everything looked clean and well take care of, even decor was pleasant and things looked tended to. I did note that because the front doors were wide open (to make it look less dark and intimate), there were a considerable amount of flies hovering and buzzing about... no bueno to eat food and constantly slap away flies.

3- Food quality - Here is where they lost almost all their stars.  The food was, frankly some of the most boring and bland food I've had in a long time and definitely not representative of any Mexican flavors.. New or not:  The street tacos had plain dry meat and simple toppings and were blah; the Tortilla Soup was a muddy/murky mixture of one single flavor and more of a sludge than a soup; the Adovada was not flavorful at all and bland, despite being so colorful; the beans were not cooked long enough and dry and the rice was too firm to be called 'Spanish rice'; I noted no complaints from the Quesadilla people... but then again, can you really screw up a quesadilla??  Anyway, this area is where they seriously lacked: flavor and well-executed recipes.

4- Pricing - Pricing was decent I guess for an Ahwatukee sit-down restaurant; Honestly, if they served this in any other part of town where more Latinos frequented, you couldn't charge that much for flavorless food (note all the non-Latino 4 & 5 star reviews).

5 - I am saving this star for the experience - Not a memorable experience, ok atmosphere (minus the flies), friendly though slow service but a very un-memorable culinary experience with poorly flavored food... a solid 2 star experience for me.

I don't think I'll make any effort to come here again as I'm not missing anything.