If there were negative stars I would have done that.

Let me first say that we have been here many times and I have even reserved the back room for my wife's birthday. The food has always been decent and service good, but tonight was a completely different experience.

We arrived at 6:30 and the place looked busy, but not so busy and we were able to be seated right away. We placed our orders and then we waited...and waited...and waited. an hour later our server came back and let us know that our food would be out "soon". We had our baby with us so at that point we just wanted to get our food and take it to go. But then he disappeared for another 20 minutes and we still had no food. We saw food come out and other tables (that had arrived after us) were being served, but none of our food had come out.

When we finally got our food the order was incomplete. I got my food, which I went about boxing so that we could get going (home), but my wife's meal was MIA. I asked for our portion of the check and we waited some more. Another 20 minutes past and my wife's meal finally came, but was incorrect. She ordered corn tortillas and got flour; she has a gluten allergy and I explained that to the server, but he was unapologetic and stated "if she doesn't have celiacs disease then she can just push the food off the wheat tortilla". I told him we won't be doing that and asked him to take the dish back and have it changed to corn. There was further discussion about how "it was fine" and that "I should just take the food"...he finally reluctantly took the food back. We waited some more.

At this point my wife and I had had it and we just wanted to leave (without the food) I asked for my credit card back at the front desk (our server had once again disappeared) but the server had the card still. When I finally saw him, he said the food was on it's way. I told him we wanted none of it and we just wanted my card back so that we could go home. I asked if he had charged the card and he said "no".

When I got home, low and behold there was a hold charge for la Casa Blanca.

Needless to say we will never be back. I'm not sure what happened to this place, but no one apologized once, not even the manager.

My advice, avoid like the plague, especially on busy nights.