It's a fact, I am somehow cursed with horrible customer service everytime I try to branch out to new restaurants around the valley.  Diego pops looked like it had a great atmosphere and food when I bookmarked it on yelp. I've been trying to convince my husband to try it out with me,  and yesterday he finally agreed to go for my birthday dinner. What a mistake. 

We came for dinner around 7pm and were promptly greeted and sat on the patio.  The misters were really nice and kept the space cool. After sitting at the table for 5 minutes without being greeted by our server, I had a bad feeling that things were going to be like this for the rest of the dinner.

Once our server finally decided to show up, we ordered two margaritas (diego and prickly pear) and some waters. I was pretty thirsty so I sucked down my water pretty quickly. The first round of drinks took over 5 minutes but I was willing to let that slide. Once she delivered the drinks, we ordered chips w gauc and salsa, and I asked her for a water refill. The water never came. From the time she took our appetizer order, we didn't see her again for over 20 minutes. The bar was dead yet it took long periods of time to get simple drinks.  Our margaritas were not overly sweet (a good thing), but they were so watered down; either the bartender shook the crap out of them,  or they were sitting to be picked up for awhile.  Or honestly,  probably both.  Terrible pours on those margaritas.   The food runner brought out our appetizer and again, no water was brought to the table.  

Our margaritas and waters were both empty and we had finished our appetizer before we saw her again.  When she came back, we ordered some a la carte tacos and two casadores margaritas (I was hoping a slightly better tequila would equate to a better margarita,  wrong). The food took awhile but it was actually pretty good and the portions were larger than expected. I jokingly commented to my husband that we probably wouldn't see our waitress again until I was done with my meal...almost,  I was eating my last taco before she ever asked how our food was. 

A younger couple next to us was also irate with their service.  I tend to be lenient with servers because I work in the industry, but our server was not busy, just inept. The girl next to us was talking angrily and loudly about how they didn't have silverware or sauces for their food. The male got up and went inside in search of some service. That's pretty embarrassing for your establishment.  

There was another girl server on the patio that was really doing a good job, and I was very sad we got stuck with the crappy one we got. Received our bill for $72 bucks and left pretty pissed.

Pros-
Nice patio
Decent tacos (although the jalapeño on the bbq chicken taco was wayyyy too hot; and I enjoy spicy food)
Shrimp taco was awesome
Food runner seemed on point

Cons-
Possibly the worst server I've ever experienced
Expensive, watered down crap margaritas ($10 a piece)

What a waste of a birthday dinner.