I can honestly say that this place is horrible. 

I can not believe that there are 4 stars after our experience here. 

My friends and family wanted to go out to have a fun and cost effective meal for dinner and since this was one of our friends favorite places we decided to give it a shot. 

Wow, we were in for a surprise. We waited in a long line to finally get to the counter where we were rudely greeted with what do you want! Yep that's what she said we placed our order of 2 pork nachos and 1 pork salad and 1 grilled chicken salad. Then we were quickly rushed to the next rude lady that really pushed the customer service line to a new low she holds our salad and stares at us for about a minute and then says " ok so what is that you want I don't have all day" I couldn't believe it

Since this was our first time visiting this place I didn't really know it was like a subway where you pick your toppings! Sorry we are rookies!! 

I tell her we will take everything on it then she glares at us and pretty much just slops everything on there and looks up and says ok now what kind of dressing. We say um what are our options? 

What happens next I could not even explain in words that will justify her actions. She snarled at us dropped our plate on the counter and grabbed the next one in line to ours which so happened to be our nachos!! She looks at the other customer in line and asks them " what do you want on the nachos" 

Her face was priceless when the dude told her that those are not his!! She looks back at us and realizing that the next four plates are ours!! Decides to then be somewhat helpful. 

We finally make it to the register and even the person ringing us up says sorry about that is there anything else I can help you with!! 

Overall it was a terrible experience and over priced food. I don't know how there pork won awards as in my opinion it wasn't all that great and the customer service made this place terrible. 

The nachos were ok, I have had better at taco bell! There signature salad plate is a great idea and wasn't terrible but poorly executed. I would never recommend this place and I can find a better place to spend $45 bucks for dinner.