WISH I COULD GIVE NO STARS!

The worst place EVER. HORRIBLE. TERRIBLE. RUN TO A DIFFERENT RESTAURANT. (Margaritaville if possible!!)

We ate here on a Wednesday. They are located at the Flamingo on the Las Vegas Strip. We had a Groupon. We initially contacted the restaurant on Tuesday night, at 10:30 PM and were told the restaurant closed at 2 AM, I checked their website on the Flamingo website and same thing- it was open until the "wee hours". PERFECT. We are STARVING!

We drive over to the Flamingo, park and walk over to the restaurant. It looks empty, except for a few individuals at the bar. We walk in and the bartender bluntly says they are closed and the kitchen is closed and cannot serve us. No "I'm sorry". No "We open at xxx tomorrow and close at xxx". NOTHING. Jerk.

Well we decide to give them a try the NEXT day. Same guy, didn't remember us, fine. Whatever. We sit down, I order a drink and my boyfriend orders a water for the mean time while he looks over the menu. They had a special, 2 Rolling Rocks for $7. Not bad- he goes with that. We chit-chat, look over the menu, chit-chat some more, give our order. My boyfriend orders Street Tacos with guacamole at a whopping $2-3 more and I order the Fish Tacos, no guar. 

Here comes our order... three street tacos and guac on a plate and three fish tacos. The Street Tacos were good, but for $15, plus the price of the guac, and NO rice or beans to accompany them, sorry! Those should be much less. Yes, I understand it IS Las Vegas, BUT geez louise- don't go all out on the price if you are not adding anything to accompany the tacos! My fish tacos were hard! VERY HARD! Was I unhappy. The breading was much bigger than the actual piece of fish.

I'll finish this off on a good note.. just kidding.. BAD NOTE! Not once did the lazy bartender ever come to see how our food was. There were two bartenders at the bar, one had about two or three groups and our bartender only had us to wait on. The other bartender was constantly making drinks for the tables, conversating with the other guests/customers. Ours was just there with a lame straight face on. So uncomfortable. 

I just wanted to leave.

Mind you- ANOTHER customer came up to the bar, talked to our bartender about her experience and the lousy service she received. He gave her a comment card, I wish I could of gotten my hands on one of those.

Just in case you are wondering- No, I did NOT TIP.