I'm a Las Vegas food and wine writer by trade, so I learned a long time ago to take the good with the bad and focus on writing about the positives of a dining experience while ignoring the variables that can sometimes detract from an otherwise solid establishment. However, I feel that my most recent unpleasant experience at China Poblano requires me to issue a warning to future diners, and that is to STAY AWAY. Seriously, avoid this place and save your money. I used to absolutely love this place, the food was fabulous and unique, the drinks were delicious and creative, and the ambiance was festive and hip. The service has always been aloof and full of bad attitude (Save for a delightful bartender named Steve who was there when they opened but has since moved on to more hospitable pastures.), but I chalk that up to the general attitude of the Cosmopolitan - which generally has the worst service on the strip across the board. Since they opened, I've chosen to overlook that and make this my go to for entertaining clients and out of town guests in a casual setting as it really did have top notch food and a cozy atmosphere. Alas, that is no more. It's been a couple of months since I dined with them, and apparently there has been an overhaul on the menu. The dishes are still tasty, however they have downsized many of them to tapas-like portions while keeping the prices the same (they were once reasonable, now they're typical strip mark-up). This was irritating, but not shun-worthy. That was reserved for the service that has gone from disinterested to disdainful. Our server, Richard, I admit had a sweet personality and an adorable smile - that is for the two minutes when he greeted us and took our order. Once he did that we literally never saw him again until he brought us our check. This was not his fault, he was clearly the only bartender on duty. Why they had him waiting tables as well while the bar was busy was beyond me. My companion and I each ordered salads. Her, the beet and avocado (which was my favorite until now - it's been pared down to a tiny fraction of what it once was.) and I the tuna ceviche (which could have been excellent had it not been drowning in an over abundance of lemon and soy). The pathetic excuse for a beet salad came out a full 10 minutes before my ceviche did. I waited for our server to notice, even attempting to flag him down, but he never bothered to come over. I finally stopped the tall, bald corpse of a manager (you'll know exactly who I mean if you see him) to ask if perhaps I might get my lunch before my companion finished. His response was a dippy 'Well, ya know we have two kitchens so stuff doesn't always come out together, your server should have told you that'. That is the single worst excuse I've ever heard, and frankly, as I learned as a server many years ago it is unacceptable to EVER take out only part of a table's order. Not only was the service terrible but the manager was so annoyed that his diners would dare to ask to receive their food at the same time that he couldn't contain his disdain. I feel just awful that I inconvenienced him so by intruding upon his establishment to order food. I felt that unwelcome. No matter - I will never take another guest there again and I hope to save many a dear Yelp reader from wasting their hard earned dollar on such nasty service and portions of food fit to starve a hamster. I will happily (and very vocally) never ever darken China Poblano's door ever again.