My husband and I have enjoyed going to this restaurant for years. The food has always been excellent, until the last couple of times we've been. I would consider it only average. We come down from Anthem area so we've always felt the food was worthy of the 40+ minute drive to get there. However, our experience this past Monday night will keep me from ever going back. My husband and I as well as my two-year-old and my three-month-old arrived around 530, a little before the real rush started. It took ten minutes to get seated which I don't understand because the restaurant was only half full. The hostess' were not moving very quickly. Then we were sat in the farthest corner away from people as we could get which didn't really bother me since we have two little ones anyway. But where we were sat shared the wall to their private dining room for large groups and this particular group was incredibly loud. My husband and I had to raise our voices just to hear each other. This was particularly irritating since there were no less than seven empty tables around us that would have separated us from this group some. We got our chips and we each ordered a margarita. Before our drinks arrived, my youngest started getting very fussy so I went and changed her diaper and by the time we got back our drinks had arrived... but my daughter was still fussy. So fussy that we considered just going home... between the crowd next to us and her crying, this was not making for a very relaxing evening. But I decided to nurse her to see if we could salvage something from this evening. And I did... I covered myself up and fed her right there in the booth, especially since we were surrounded by empty tables. My margarita sat... and sat... and sat. Never touched it -- wasn't even within reach. Side note, the waitress never came to our table while I nursed so I suspect that she had issue with public breastfeeding even though I was completely covered up (I'm very modest). My husband finished his drink and then decided to drink mine since it was melting anyway. By the time I was done nursing, I was able to get exactly three sips from the bottom of the glass. So we decided to get a couple of coronas. The waitress finally came back and we ordered dinner and the bucket of 5 coronitas for $8. Then the waitress informed me that it was the restaurants policy not to serve a nursing woman more than one drink. I said that I didn't even drink mine, my husband did and that I just nursed and would not be nursing again for three hours. She said she would send the manager Jessica over. Jessica finally arrived after about 10 minutes with a most definite chip on her shoulder. She told me that the waitress was not comfortable serving me another drink. Hmmm... perhaps you guys should get your stories straight. She also said that the waitress saw me drinking the margarita while nursing. Well, that's impossible because she never came to the table while I nursed. By then, my baby was sleeping soundly in my arms and I asked jessica based on the way I was holding my baby, what did it look like I was doing from a distance? Nursing... and now that you're standing here, what does it look like. No answer. By then we had been sitting at our table for nearly an hour with no dinner and my two year old was about done. They brought us another basket of chips that tasted and smelled very stale and I was very irritated with the whole experience including how poor manager Jessica's attitude was toward me. Her demeanor made me feel like I was a nuisance and terrible person for wanting a beer with my dinner and that I was jeapordizing the health of my baby. 

As a business owner myself, I fully respect the right of a business to refuse service based on their beliefs. I am telling my story to explain my reason for never going back to this restaurant. They're reasoning was uneducated and instigated (I believe) by a waitress who took personal issue with my nursing my baby in public. Well, I took personal issue with her and Jessica's extremely poor customer service and so we left money for my husband's two margaritas and left the restaurant. We had been there for an hour... with only two margaritas and a stale bowl of chips to show for it. A complete waste of time and energy that  anyone with two little ones expends in just getting out the door, let alone sitting in a restaurant not getting served.