Este es comida horrible! The Very best in Modern mexican food?? What the cuss? Really? Who says? Not this this guy? What idiot box is running this joint? Someone from the midwest with no tastebuds who watched too much Rick Bayless on PBS and decided to open a restaurant in the re-invent yourself capitol of the world??! 

Well lets start with the hostess. Too cool for school chick, no personality and playing with her iPhone at the podium! She did not smile, did not care that we were even there, more worried about her texts that greeting us and sitting us. I m sure she is missing out on something with all her yahoo friends! 
Now, on to the service. not great. Waitress was typical college kid with no real serving experience or at least she was not very good at it. Did not check on us much but was not all that horrible. Just so-so.
Now on the food. Lord. Seriously people? You guys are giving this place 3,4-5 stars?
I ordered the Machaca taco's Oops I mean the American stew taco's! Gross! They were the farthest away from Machaca I have ever had. Where's the onions? And what the hell is this light green crap on top? That is NO WAY a guacamole sauce!!! Give me a break! I have had the real thing in Mexico DF or Baja. That stuff was tasteless green crap! That is there way of cutting corners and not using real avocado for REAL guacamole or guacamole sauce. The menu says served with guacamole! Ahh no it's not!! I tasted this stuff and it tastes more like creamy cucumber dressing but with 0 flavor. 
The Salsa was not great either. It was sort of like they added chipotle to canned stewed tomatoes in its own sauce and served it up! The chips were cold and we got all the pieces from the bottom. Sorry but I don't want the chips that have been sitting there for an hour and all broken. Get me a fresh batch bitches!!! Is it that hard? Common sense people, my god! 
Wife had the shrimp taco's, not horrible but nothing great. I would not go here again. We left with a bill for $37 for the 4 tacos and a salad on each plate plus a glass of wine and beer. OUCH! 
I like the decor but this is far from good mexican or even mexican fusion! 
I think they really need to work on their service and employees, and most certainly their food. Spend some money on good product and spend some time on perfecting your recipes. Maybe you need to go out and taste some real mexican food....IN mexico, come back and start over. I will not be coming back to this place for sure, even though it is close to my house. I rather go to...Oh man should I say it...ok Rosita's!!  Heck Chipotle down the street would actually have been more satisfying. 
I say pass on this one. Not worth the money.