HORRIBLE!! My husband and I were hosting some out-of-town guests and since we are new to the area and haven't tried many area restaurants, we thought we'd give this place a try after reading so many rave reviews. I am convinced the owners are behind all the positive reviews about this place because there were SO MANY bad things we encountered during our first and last visit here.
1) The atmosphere-Based on their website and reviews, it sounded like this place had a fun, inviting atmosphere we were excited to check out. When we arrived, the outside looked quite ghetto, but, not being one to judge a book by its cover, we didn't let that cloud our experience. Upon walking into the place, we learned we should have turned around. I'd describe it as a dark, dingy, dimly-lit atmosphere-not at all fun and inviting.

2) The service-Call me old school, but I'm not a fan of trolls as waitstaff. Our party was seated by the bar, where the waitstaff would occassionally convene. I found it interesting that ALL FOUR of them were completely tatted up with piercings everwhere, ear gages, dark make-up and clothing, and dark hair (blue, pink, bright orange...). Having employees that look so dirty and unprofessional, especially at a dining establishment, was a bad sign.
 *Our server (the blue-haired one) knew it was our first time at the restaurant, and instead of being courteous, welcoming, and friendly, was obviously bothered by the couple questions we asked regarding the menu and specials. Also, my sister-in-law said she was unfamiliar with the "prickly pear" margarita flavor and asked the waitress what that tasted like. The waitress responded "It's a flavor of margarita that is called prickly pear" (???) She was equally vague and unknowledgeable about a question my brother asked regarding their happy hour special. (Sidenote-do not order a whiskey and coke-it comes in a tiny odd-looking brandy glass) I wouldn't recommend the margarita either

3)  The food-Each member of our party ordered something different and all of us were disappointed. HORRIBLE. I thought for a $10 plate of enchaladas, I'd have to take some food home for leftovers, but my enchalada plate, and my husband's burrito were TINY and absolutely TASTELESS. SUPER BLAND and NO flavor at all. It was disgusting and I couldn't even eat it. 

Would NOT recommend this place. With all the Mexican restaurants in the Madison area, I would definitely look elsewhere. Very disappointed and will not be returning.