Between food poisoning and poor customer service, I had an absolutely horrible experience at Barrio Queen. My boyfriend and I decided to visit here for some drinks and food on New Year's Day. After 10 minutes of being neglected at the first bar (where only one other person was sitting) we decided to move to the other bar where we were finally able to sit and order. My boyfriend had ordered something off the entree menu, which was good, but not worth the 18 dollars we spent on it. That night my boyfriend woke up around 2 am violently ill, waking up every 5-15 minutes to run to the bathroom. I had only had a small bite of his food, and found myself feeling nauseous all night just from that. When I called the next day to inform them, the manager Lucas was very apologetic and said he would have his boss call me to see if there was anything they could do. 
I don't typically spend a lot of money on food but we had spent 100 dollars between food and drinks that night. When the director of operations (I believe his name was Chev or Chef) called me the next day, all he cared to say was that everything was up to standard and that there was nothing he could do for us. He claimed his temperature logs were accurate and that there were no other claims so it wasn't something he could help with. He stated it was probably a bug or the flu and that his food was not the cause because everything was "up to standard." He seemed to care more about defending the quality of his food rather than attending to a customer that got very ill from it. 
I've had food poisoning before and know what it looks like. Jolting up in the middle of the night to throw up, and then to be repeated every 5-15 minutes afterward until halfway through the next day, is not common for the flu or a bug as the director of operations tries to claim. 
After wasting 100 dollars this visit, and hundreds of dollars spent here before with larger groups, I will be sure that I never visit here again. 
The only pleasant people I would like to give credit to are the manager Lucas that I spoke with and our second bartender Ryan. They were both nice and good with customers.