I am writing this for the Cabo Wabo in the Las Vegas Airport. Wow, with hours to kill at America's most skanky airport, what else is there to do but drink? My lady and I decided to get a marg at the Red Rocker's lair on an extended layover between flights. I ordered the signature drink, the "Cabo Wabo," while my wife ordered the "I Can't Drive 55." As somewhat of a mixologist myself I must say that the drinks were subpar but what do you expect from a crummy chain restaurant at the airport? But upon receipt of the bill  we immediately renamed it "Cabo Robbo." 35 bucks for two lousy, no-tequila, corn syruppy "margaritas?" Unfortunately for us, the menu did not have prices but we figured 10 bucks max, not 15. If there had been even an ounce of tequila in the drinks I would not be hating on this business so much. Cabo Wabo deserves to die.

Here's a poem I wrote about it:
Cabo Robbo 
(Sung to the tune of Van Halen's Cabo Wabo)
I've been to Taos; Austin, Texas
Man, I thought I'd seen it all
Around the world, workin' my passport
Man, I thought I'd hit the wall

There's a crappy bar, at Las Vegas Airport
It's called Cabo Robbo cantina and bar
Made me want to file a health report
You know I wanna punch Sammy Hagar

If you go there once, it' won't suffice
Lots of crappy drinks, tasting like bleach
The blue syrup sure makes them look nice
But once you taste one, you wanna screech

We gotta try a shitty bar, called the Cabo Robbo
It ain't alright by me
Come on, let me take you down
The biggest rip off you ever seen
Like a slot machine but more rundown

McCarran Airport, you'd have to see it man
Ain't no picture ever say it right
Walkin' the concourse dodging Nascar fans
Place is filled with scroungy 'Merkans, what a sight?!?
I wanna catch my flight.

You know I wanna get back to Frisco
It ain't all right there
Wish the fog would lift at SFO
Everyone here looks like they eat Crisco

Come on, let me take you down
I will show you around
Let me take you down
The biggest rip off you ever seen
Over the barrel at the Vegas airport