I hate writing negative reviews for local digs, but this place is super shady! Came in on a Friday, around 4:30, and the place was understandably dead. The server comes over and tells us about HH. 1/2 off drinks$1.50 tacos. Great, I'll have a margarita on the rocks with salt! Hubby and I order 6 tacos. I am super excited about a good deal. The tacos arrive--they are about 2 bites each, pretty good, but worth the $1.50 we paid. The drinks are great, which should have been a hint something was amiss, but I'll get to that in a minute...

We order another round of tacos for hubby and another round of drinks. In the meantime, the restaurant slowly begins to fill up, and we lose our server. After about 20 minutes, my husband waves over the manager, who sends another server, who finds our server. She comes over and we order one more round of drinks, which were ordered after happy hour, but we didn't care. Our first 2 rounds were half off, so we had no problem ordering a third. After we pay the check, we decided to mosey outside, to the patio, and enjoy our drinks. The patio is facing the busy street, and there are no seats, so we sat on the sill of the window. Not very enjoyable, but we wanted a change of scenery. 

So I ask my husband about the bill, and he is kind of quiet--It was 72.00. What? 3 rounds of happy hour drinks and 9 $1.50 tacos? I was thinking $50. The hostess comes out on the patio, so I asked her about the drinks. How much is a house margarita? $8. So 50% is $4, right? Wrong. After taking a second look at the bill, we realized the server charged us for the MOST expensive margarita, and then upcharged the drink with Agave. Keep in mind, I ordered a margarita on the rocks with salt. I let the hostess know what happened. She says she will check with the server. The server tells her I ordered a "good" margarita. First of all, I was a server for 10 years. I get it. You want to make $, so you overcharged me. But that is so shady! Second of all, I never ordered a "good" margarita. I am not 21. I get how this works. At this point I am just mad. I love eating out, and I don't mind spending money on food and drinks. However, I do not like being fleeced. When we walked back through the restaurant, to go to our car, the server walked up to my husband. "Did the hostess explain your bill? I thought you knew how happy hour works?" I feel like if an explanation of the bill in necessary, that is way too complicated for a couple hours out. And, I have been to a lot of happy hours, and I guess Barrio Cafe's happy hour is unlike any I have ever been to. And I will never return. Shady.