Close the store before you get a worse rep:

2 Negro Modelos, 1 Ice Tea and Burro Plate - I miss Eddie, his daughter and Tony!!! If you do not know what I am talking about then stop reading now, you are not a long time patron of Los Dos. I have been going to "The Los" since before they accepted plastic. Eddie and his Daughter would carry my baby Boy and Daughter, enuf with the back ground.
Now to the management of this place in Ahwatukee: Take your place and jump in the lake. I have tried to like this place over and over and over again. Been there 10 times and the best I can say was it was marginal in over all experience. Today broke this camel's back and I am never coming back and I am going to tell everyone of today's experience.
A friend and I walked in there at 4:15 today hoping to have a few drinks and appetizers. Since I have a very bad back we walked into the bar area to sit in the booth in the corner next to the kitchen. There was 1 customer at the bar and 2 customers sitting at a 4 top table. Two server like people where in the bar area and did not say a welcome or anything to us. As we walked towards the booth one guy (could not tell if he was management, kitchen help or what) asked if he could help us, we said we were there for some drinks and food, he asked us if it was just for two people and I said yes but we would like to sit at the booth, he said it was reserved already (WTF!), there was only 3 other customer's in the place but I assumed the "people" who had it reserved where on their way. So we decided that my friend would sit at the bar and I would stand. When we walked up to the bar both the guy who told us we could not sit in the booth and the other employee walked out of the bar area. 4 minutes went by, then another 4 and then finally the other employee "GQ Looking Young guy" asked if we, "wanted a drink or something" as if we insulted him just being there.
We ordered drinks and got a basket of chips and salsa and talked while we went over the menu. We talked for so long and ate almost the entire basket of chips before the first guy who told us the booth was reserved asked us if we were going to order food. I ordered the green chili burro with beef and it was supposed to come with a side of beans for $11.
After we ordered I went to the bathroom and the mens room was as hot as a sauna and there was not a soul in the dinning area. So the only patrons where the ones that were there before.
My burro came with out the side of beans and the tortilla was not cooked all the way ie. it was gummy and kinda opaque. I was so hungry that I looked passed the uncooked tortilla and started eating it. It was acceptable but not great. No one came and checked on the food and I had to beg to get more chips and salsa. In the mean time no one came to use the booth that was "reserved" (which made me even more happy to be treated like a red headed step child no offense to Red Heads).
So we asked for the check so we could get the hell out of there. When it was presented I asked if the beers had been discounted for the "Happy Hour $1 Off Pricing" (of course at $4.50 i would have guessed not). I was right "GQ" Guy did not give me the happy hour pricing. I was not going to leave any tip but I just cant do it. I know money is scarce in the food and beverage industry and I still try to walk in other peoples shoes. I did find out that the name of the guy who told me I could not use the booth was Mikey and our server was Corey. If I was a video camera I would be replaying the entire visit over and over again so you could see it.
So it is going to be a while before I even can say "Los Dos" with out cursing. Coming from the food and beverage industry and other service industries hurting in this trying time makes this all the more painful.
Save your money and your feelings, because this place could care less if you walk out of there with a good experience or not.
If I ever have to have another dose of Los Dos I will go to the Central South of Baseline location and pray they have not lost their love for making people feel welcome.
This really pained me to write but my anger over came it.