OMG. Worst restaurant experience I've ever had in my 50 years of existence. Here's the experience went

1. Right out of the gate...Our hostess who seated us told us the fruit and chocolate fountain were included with the meal. My girlfriend grabbed two pieces of melon and two strawberries.When our waitress did finally decide to show up 10 minutes later we both ordered a cup of Albondigas soup without rice. She made a snotty remark that we should get the bowl of soup because the cups were small. She then barked at us that if we don't order an entree that we would have to pay $8 for the four pieces of fruit. I said whoa, hold on. We are ordering entrees. She replied that a lot of people come in just for soup. All of this is going on while my girlfriend and I are still reading the menu to decide what we wanted. I want to know what other people just ordering soup has to do with us.

2. After 30 minutes the entrees arrived. I complained that it took way too long and the waitress said they had a large party and that is why the food took so long. Mind you I ordered 2 enchiladas and my girlfriend ordered a gound beef tostada and it took 30 minutes...no shit. How hard is that to make? I told her that we are just important as any other customer in the restaurant. She sent the manager over and he said the same thing. Large party sorry. I told him I don't care about the large party. Not our problem. That was it...he walked away. I looked around and the place was practically empty.

3. I ordered beans and rice with my meal. The waitress didn't even have enough courtesy to listen to me. She brought me fideo (mexican pasta) instead of rice.She also brought fideo and beans for my girlfriend who ordered her tostada ala carte.and charged us for it. When my girlfriend ordered just the tostada the snotty bitch complained that my girlfriend wasn't ordering more.

4. After trying to eat what was very poorly made food (we couldn't eat it because it was horrible) we went to pay the bill and noticed extra charges. We complained again. This time the manager did not come to talk to us. He told her to tell us the meal was comped. Since we couldn't eat that crap, that was fine with me. My girlfriend was going to taste my enchiladas and without asking one of the bussers took my plate away.

5. Finally I asked to speak with the manager and a waiter called him (Marty) and the manager turned around and yelled across the bar that he was too busy. He LITERALLY yelled it. Then he noticed me standing there and said Oh, I'm sorry. I replied no I'm sorry that you are too busy. I told him I would never return. That was the last straw.

The waitress was a snotty bitch and never checked on us once except to give us the check. We had to ask other wait staff to get our waitress more than twice. If you are smart you will not waste your time or money at Aunt Chiladas. Over rated and over priced. This place should be out of business.

Oh and the Chocolate fountain is disgusting. I've seen people pick up the fruit with their fingers and cough and sneeze in it.