If any restaurant were to rate a 0, it would be Someburros.  Between slow service and not being able to make a custom order, the white girls that run and manage this restaurant need to take a lesson from some Hispanic folk who run a home-owned operation.

On arriving at the Someburros location in Tempe, 4:00 PM on Sunday afternoon, I observed about 1/3 of the tables had someone sitting there...all eating or waiting.  There was one person at the counter schmoozing with one of the order chickies...not placing an order, just speaking to her in a quietly nasty nasal voice.  The other chickie was bouncing between the drive-thru and the phone, while first girl flirted obliviously...

I stood at the register for 2 minutes before chickie who was flirting realized I was ready to order.  She meandered over and asked what I wanted, for here or to go.  Being on the guacamole burrito quest, I let her know I wanted to order a custom burrito, specifically that contained guacamole, bacon, cheese, sour cream and raw onion. 4:04 PM I have a receipt for the order.

Chickie created a 'burro' that was a Bacon&Egg Burro (3.85) with no potatoes, no egg, add  guacamole (1.35), add Sour Cream (.96) and onion (.15) for a total after tax of $6.89.  Chickie asked me if I wanted salsa and marked my receipt.  

I moved back to a position in proximity to the delivery station.  Orders older than mine moved out through the line.  Several large orders made their way out and folks received them to carry home.  4:16, I am called...I picked up my order and headed out to pick up the Valley Metro Limo.

Once at home, I opened up the burrito I received based on my order.  This was a 10" tortilla with cheese, sour cream and raw onion.  The meat I received had no visual resemblance to bacon.  It is a most unusual preparation of meat.  There is gristle in addition to fat and chunks that are bigger, have different consistency and remind me strikingly of ham.  There are pieces that feel and taste similar to bacon...just hard to know what it is I am eating.

Most glaringly absent: guacamole.  I picked up my receipt and called the restaruant.  Michelle answered and asked immediately if she could put me on hold.  I asked how long she expected it to be and only heard a click in reply.  2 minutes later, Michelle picked up again and asked if I could hold.  I asked if I had to and she replied "Yes" before making the phone click again by putting me on hold.  2 minutes later, Michelle picked up again and told me to "Please hold" and pushed the button before I could reply.  

When Michelle picked up for the 4th time, I cut her off before she could say "Please Hold" again by asking if the manager was available.  She said she was, laid the phone down (without putting me on hold) and went to get the manager.   Next, white girl Sara picked up the phone and asked how she could help me.  I shared that I was in about 30 minutes prior and ordered a custom burrito.  She said she remembered, and called me by name.  I told her the burrito had no guacamole and she asked me if I could return to the restaurant so she could give me the guacamole.  

I advised I was riding the bus and the next round would not be available for over an hour.  She told me to hold onto the receipt, write her name on it, and next time I was by, she would give me a portion of guacamole.  I asked if the restaurant was busy and she replied that it was steady.  "Is it reasonable, then, for me to have waited 6 minutes and been put on hold 3 times?" Sara said that the girl running the phones may have been a bit overwhelmed and that it would not happen again.

I am certain it will not happen again as I highly doubt I will waste my time returning to a hispanic restaurant run by white girls.