The whole expierience was not what I expected it to be. Clear case of not judging a book by it's cover. Sometimes when you start things off on a bad note, things only go downhill from there. The place looks great when you walk in, very nice decor happy people galore. We had a party of two and were told it was going to be 15 minutes which was fine seeing it was new years eve and everywhere was packed. It was more like 20, which is fine unless parties of 4 or more that came in 10 minutes after you are being sat first. When we said something 30 seconds later we were brought to our table. I would have rather sat at the bar seeing it was a small table in a awkward place. Still looked pretty decent, minus what looked like a leaky roof with missing tiles and stains. The chips were good, the salsa was trying to hard with the whole roasted  chipotle thing and was not that good. But we were hungry and finished pretty much the whole small bowl before we were even offered drinks (10-15 min). Strike 2! So My wife ordered a Draft american beer. It tasted horible, something was wrong with the tap. We told the waiter and instantly he said, "it tastes like copper right?" How are you guys going to know something is wrong and do nothing about it. He suggested that we stuck with mexican beer because there is no problem with that tap, My wife ordered a bottled beer. We ordered our food right away, I had the sonoran which was a shredded beef burro, cheese enchilada, and beef tamale, and my wife had stuffed chicken. My burro was covered in 50 cent nacho cheese, and filled with meat that was unseasoned and bland. My wifes dish was decent, could have been better, was a little to stong tasting on the seasoning. We asked for the check immediatly, and could tell by the three tables around us, that we were not alone in this bad expierience. They push this place off like it's authentic, it's really just crappy tex mex food. Go to Macayos, or even Garcias for better food, prices, and expierience.