I've never been compelled to speak to a manager at a restaurant for what I've considered to be awful service until I visited Paz this past Sunday. 

A group of friends and I went to brunch on a Sunday here, hoping to have what is now widely considered to be "Sunday Funday". On a recommendation from a friend, we decided to try a new place that has a good deal on mimosas. Our server, a young woman, greeted our table and recommended we try their unlimited mimosa deal for $12. "Sure!" we all said enthusiastically. In the time she left to service some other tables, she apparently overheard one of my party talking about us having drinks the night before. Our group was quiet and polite this whole time, with no behavior indicating we were anything but a normal group of friends going out to brunch and enjoying drinks on our day off. Our server returned to our table, without our drink orders, and very rudely proclaimed "Clearly you all are still very intoxicated from the previous night, so we won't be serving you our unlimited mimosas". Shocked and appalled by her audacity, and not wanting to make a scene, we refrained from arguing and settled on having just one drink and getting on our way. A new server then began to serve us with no explanation as to why there was a switch. We thought this to be a bit strange, along with the fact that none of our other requests were being brought to the table...even though this new server took the orders and told us they would be right out. 

At this point I felt as if we were being treated poorly, so I decided to speak to a manager about why there was a switch in servers without explanation, as well as to inform her that the previous waitress made an unwarranted, abrasive comment to my friends and I. It turns out our new server was the manager, and her explanation was that the previous server was uncomfortable serving us. Another insult, completely unacceptable. The manager then proceeded to smirk and laugh at my complaints, although she did mention she would speak to the previous server about her approach. I am not exaggerating when I say that I have never felt so disrespected at a restaurant before, and I have unfortunately been to Applebee's. 

The food here was good, but the abhorrent, disrespectful, and neglectful attitudes of the staff overshadowed the entire experience and deserves no more than 1-star. Shame on Paz Cantina.