Well, I've been here a number of times over the years and I have to say that unfortunately, this will probably be our last.  The g/f and I went there to enjoy their Loaded Carne asada tacos.  They were not what they used to be, but still good nonetheless.  That's about all that I can say was good about the experience.  The Refried beans were gross (they tasted slightly sour) and the same for the rice which also tasted old.  The service was near the bottom of all experiences I've had.  Not the worse, but pretty bad.  Never offered a refill on my beer.  My g/f was never offered  a refill on her water.  Both of us had empty glasses before we finished our meal.  They were still empty when we left.  

The worse part was how they served us food and failed to bring out utensils.  I asked the waitress who brought the food for utensil and she was never to be seen again!  So after about 3 minutes of waiting I asked another waitress.  She came back after a few minutes with utensils.  So we were able to enjoy our meal 5 MINUTES AFTER IT ARRIVED.  No bueno!  So we are trying to enjoy our meal and the table next to us experience the same thing...  but only worse.  They get their food and no utensils, so they ask the waitress for some and she says, she will get them.  She then walks over to the register and works on fixing some orders.  Now mind you the people who asked her for the utensils can clearly see that the waitress was not getting them because she was 5 feet from their table.  After waiting 5 minutes themselves with their food in front of them and the waitress they originally asked for them, they finally ask another waitress for the utensils.  They still had to wait another few minutes.  I can only imagine how cold their food was.  About a minute later, I saw a woman waiting by the bar who appeared irritated.  She waited for about 3 minutes and not a single waitress or bar tender was in sight.  She then went to the hostess at the front entrance.  What was she upset about...  She had her food WITHOUT ANY UTENSILS.  This is a restaurant for crying out loud!  By this point, I'm pissed off that what we experienced was very similar to what others were experiencing, so this seemed to be the norm, rather than a one time thing that a simple apology would do.  The waitresses disdain for each other was clearly evident as well.  

Maybe I would have enjoyed my experience and would have remembered and cared less if I was drunk...  But I wasn't offered another beer!  So they have no one to blame, but themselves for this scathing review.