This place has seriously gone downhill in the last 10 years. Remember when the menu had some interesting dishes on it and the staff was actually nice? Remember when the salsas actually had some flavor--seriously what is up with the green gunk that they call salsa...what IS that stuff??

Unfortunately, my recent visit ended up with me returning my food to the kitchen...I had to walk it up to the kitchen because our waiter never returned. I was a few bites into eating a taco salad--veggies and beans only--and came across a piece of super-greasy gristle in the grilled onions. Listen--I've worked in a kitchen on a grill--if you don't clean the grill well, you end up giving people crap like what ended up in my salad. It wasn't a piece of meat recently cooked--that gristle had been on the grill for awhile, drenched in oil over and over and moved around on the grill.

So, off I go to the kitchen to complain about the fact that they didn't clean the grill. Finally after standing there for a few minutes, a waiter finally got the manager for me. Guess what the manager said....wait for it.....

"They do their best to clean the grill."

What?? Excuse me??

#1, getting a piece of greasy gristle in your veggie salad is gross, but regardless that's NOT DOING YOUR BEST. Your best is cleaning off the grill! It's called a scraper. Learn how to use it...don't be lazy about scraping the grill. Lazy=crap in people's food.
#2, What do you mean they do their best? Do you mean to tell me that you don't have standards of cleanliness back there in the kitchen? (side note...as I was standing there looking into the kitchen, I saw a basket of chips spilled on the floor as well as paper towels strewn under the sink. No one seemed to notice...do these people clean?)
#3, Here's what you're supposed to say when someone finds a gross piece of yuck in their food: "I am SO sorry. That is UNACCEPTABLE. I am going to go talk to the kitchen staff RIGHT now.  I will take this off your bill and I will go get a new salad for you. I will watch them make it and I will make sure everything is done right."

FYI--that's not what happened. I didn't eat another bite at the restaurant. I was too grossed out by the filth in the kitchen and in my dish. I will not be going back. Boring/bland menu, inattentive staff, and a dirty kitchen. YUCK