My boyfriend and I went in for tacos today and were pretty disappointed with the food and service. 
First our waitress asked us multiple times within like 5 minutes if we were ready to order, which we thought was strange. 
I asked her if they carried 1800 coconut flavored tequila. She didn't know, so she asked the bartender. She said they "probably" usually have it, but were "out" right now.
I then asked how much they charge for a floater on a drink (which is usually just a drizzle of liqueur on top of your drink). She asked the bartender, came back and said, "We don't have anything for floaters except for Red Bull, but I doubt you want red bull on your drink." I let her know what a floater is since she clearly was not aware. Then I ordered a drink for my boyfriend to try and specially asked for Cointreau as a float. She said, "con- what?" I said, "Cointreau"... So she said she would go ask the bartender. She came back and said the bartender has never heard of Cointreau and that she's "never had a request like that". I took their menu out and pointed directly to where it states that COINTREAU is in one of their margaritas. (What an insane request, right guys?) 
So she took my menu from me and brought it to the bartender. She was gone for a while, but came back and said "We don't have that here. The closest thing to that is Grand Marnier. Oh and that'll be $9." -I never got my menu back-
So I guess I'm just in disbelief that they were dumbfounded over the fact that I asked for something they say they offer and instead of just asking the manager to come speak with me, she went back and forth with the bartender basically telling us we are wrong and then tried to charge us $9 for a floater of Grand Marnier, which is commonly used as a float, so WHY would she tell us earlier that they don't have floaters. First off, if you have any kind of liquor in the restaurant at all, you then have a floater. I kindly declined such a fabulous offer. These people just don't make sense. 
Irritated and unimpressed, he just ordered a Blue Moon. 
For lunch, my boyfriend ordered 3 tacos. The ground beef, carne asada, and chicken. He said the ground beef was the only flavorful one out of the three. 
While eating the chicken taco, he noticed he was chewing on a bone. It was the size of a nickel. I understand that this will happen time to time at a restaurant, but it definitely did not help with the already bad impression. We kindly let the waitress know and when she offered a discount, I just said, "Oh that's fine. We just wanted the chef to know for his own information." She took the taco off of our check anyways, which was nice. 
I ordered the avocado taco and the carne asada taco. The avocado taco was not bad. It had flavor and it was interesting that the avocado was fried. The carne asada taco was bland. 
I asked twice for limes and finally received a cup of juiceless dried up limes- kind of like the orange slice on the Blue Moon, except not as dry.
Keep in mind, we were 2 out of approximately 6 people in the whole restaurant, so I don't know why the service was so bad. 

One star for existing. Good for you. 

Ps- The food runner was very nice.