It's been awhile Yelp. I haven't written a review for ages, but I was so compelled to write a review following my recent visit to the newly opened Wahoo's in town. 

Now, I've been to the original Wahoos franchise in San Diego for the first time last year and had an excellent experience. The food was excellent and the service was top notch. Before I dive into the service aspect about this particular Vegas location, I'll touch on the food a bit. Simply put, nowhere near the same. The quality of the food is average at best and the prices are a bit higher. The first time I went I was excited, a bit disappointing, but I was willing to go there again if I happened to be in the area. And so this particular night, I was.

First and foremost, I'd like to consider myself a pretty patient and tolerable person. If a server takes awhile to refill drinks and/or doesn't seem to be "trying" to cater to my very modest needs, I almost always shrug it off. But this particular night I was left beyond speechless. 

Me and a group of 5 or 6 walked into Wahoos looking to simply grab a bite to eat after a long night of drinking. The place was relatively empty, there was maybe one or two other people there. Right upon entering, a friend of mine immediately greeted the bartender with "How are ya tonight sir?". The bartender responded with "Don't call me sir" without a smile. We shrugged it off, sat down, an ordered promptly. Since most of us were only looking to eat, we asked if we could put in our food orders. He literally rejected our request and sternly stated that he would only take drink orders, and aggressively and rudely tried to convince each and every one of us to drink. 

After finally accepting our food orders, it took 10 minutes to get water. Another 5 to receive drinks. Most of our friends never even got theirs. When we asked about them, he spoke to us in a dumbfounded, i can do no wrong manner. 

The wait for our food to arrive was average, and I was understanding because it was past 3AM and they probably only had one cook. But I reasoned that it was slow, and most of us had simply ordered taco plates. But then the food started trickling out of the kitchen one by one, each dish coming out 5 minutes apart. Not only did he forget who had what., but every single order was painfully incorrect. Every. Single. Order. We had simple, unmodified orders. Watching your friends eat one by one is extremely unacceptable. I've been in the foodservice industry, it's an industry standard to send food out together. One of my friends, the last to have not received his food, inquired about the status of his order. The bartender asked what he had ordered, smiled and said it was coming soon. We then watched him walk over and punch in my friends order, 45 minutes after he had initially ordered it, 

After that we all had enough and a few of my friends walked out the door. I have NEVER in my life have walked out on a tab, but when we started complaining he at least agreed to comp our bill, even though I told him I had no problem paying , because I knew I was never coming back. But while we were trying to figure out why everything went so wrong, he simply shrugged.

I usually love to write reviews because I love spreading the word about great businesses and good eats, but this was the first time I came here, compelled to keep other people away from this place.

Matt, I'm sorry "sir" but you fucked up big time.