I'm still stewing about the experience I had here last night. Bear with me on the length.... I'm THAT annoyed.

El Encanto has been a hit or miss for many years as far as the food. Boyfriend and I stopped in last month and were pleasantly surprised.... except for the service. Our server, a 30s something woman (whereas the others looked reasonably young), is just one of those people who should not be waiting tables, both from lack of customer skills and memory and just obviously not wanting to be there. We were too tired to get annoyed though.

We took my mom out for her birthday last night to El Encanto, and got the exact same server. Ugh. 
Now, I've been waiting tables since I was 16, ranging from fine dining snobbery in Scottsdale to a Dennys to the Roadrunner Saloon where biker fights break out weekly. In NONE of those would her service have been acceptable.

1) Her style is awkward, rude and abrupt - she interrupted us mid-sentence multiple times, kept hovering over the table while we were eating, etc.  When I ordered a margarita, I had to repeat "on the rocks with salt" multiple times... what waitress can't remember a frickin' diet Coke, a margarita and a sangria?... and instead of asking me for my ID, she just stood there and stared at me (I rarely get carded, so it's not a habit to pull it out, and you still need to ASK, lady). I also mentioned it was my mom's birthday and she didn't wish her happy birthday, no candles on the dessert, nothing.

2) We somehow ended up being brought the pitcher of water and one water glass. What? There's three of us here, 2 of whom have alcohol... at least assume 2 glasses. We also had no silverware.

3) She VANISHED. Like, Harry Potter, Invisibility Cloak status vanished. Our drinks were brought by a manager, our food and silverware by a bus boy, the manager checked back on us, etc. We didn't interact with her again (except for her awkward hovering throughout dinner) until she came to whisk plates away and plop the check down.... 

4) You don't freaking drop the check without asking for dessert - what, are you nuts? Do you not want your check and tip to go up?! That's server 101. "Hey, we want dessert." She brought a menu, not 20 seconds later swooped back to say "Did we see a dessert we want?"  and then I made my fatal mistake: I asked for another minute. This minute turned into literally 10 minutes (we clocked it!)  We finally order it, someone else plunks it down along with our check.

15. Dang. Minutes. After we're finished with our dessert. That's how long we waited, too hopefully, for her to come pick up the check. I was steaming to the point of wanting to dine n dash. 

Finally I take it to the hostess stand and tell the manager I need to pay but our waitress has been.... She finishes my sentence with "AWOL?"   Gee, how did you know?  If you know she's been AWOL and is a terrible server, why is she still serving?  The manager merely ran my card, apologized with a robotic "I'm sorry about that", explained to me that one copy of the receipts was mine and the other theirs (who the hell doesn't know that?) and went back to the bar to talk to the bartender. No drink comps, no offer to make it right, nothing.

This is the first time I've ever totally stiffed a waitress, but it was the worst service any of us had ever gotten, and hey, you work for your tip. This is the first time I've ever had an issue in a restaurant and not at least gotten a sincere apology and an attempt to rectify it. To think I paid $67 for 3 people (without tip!) to get treated like we didn't matter, is ridiculous.

We will NOT be back, El Encanto, EVER.