BEWARE!!! Myself & co-worker had the most horrible experience at this restaurant! We decided to try Los Dos Molinos for lunch since we were craving Mexican food & it was close by our work. Since neither of us had ever eaten here before we asked our waiter about the menu & lunch specials. He had no idea what he was talking about. So he asked the bus boy about the specials. We were very confused. After several minutes of looking over the extremely over priced menu, we made our decisions. This time a different waiter came to take our orders. We specifically asked him if the food was spicy & he assured us it wasn't. Once the food arrived & we took our first bites, both of our mouths were on fire! There was no way for us to even attempt to eat the food. We immediately let the first waiter we spoke to know that we couldn't eat the food & we were just going to leave because we were not satisfied with the orders & we had to get back to work as we were on our lunch hour. He apologized & went to talk to the manager. They spoke behind the kitchen curtain just a few feet from our table. We could overhear their conversation. The manager asked that waiter to go get the waiter who took our order. After about 5 minutes of them debating & arguing behind the curtain the waiter who took our order came over to us & said, "I just talked to my manager. I'll pay for your plate (he pointed at my food), but she'll have to pay for hers." I couldn't believe what I just heard!!! I replied, "No. We're not paying for ANY of this! We specifically asked YOU if the food was spicy. You said no. We both took one bite of our food & it's like fire in our mouths. We're not paying for food that isn't edible to us & is barely touched! We have to get back to work so we're leaving now." My co-worker paid for the drinks because she's overly kind. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone. We wanted Mexican food, but that doesn't mean we wanted to have our taste buds burned from our tongues. This place was by far the worst experience I've ever had. Starting from the waiters who clearly knew nothing about the food they served, the overpriced menu, the unprofessional manager who didn't bother to deal with the situation herself & instead chose to hide behind a curtain & ultimately the poor customer service the waiter who took our order gave us!