My boyfriend loves the Javier's in Orange County, and so we were excited to see a Javier's when we came to Vegas. We had a really disappointing experience at this restaurant. The wait time we were given was 30-45 minutes. It was over an hour. We came right back when they called us. There was a line of people waiting to put their name on the list to get in, so we walked around to the side (where the hostess meets you to walk you to your table) and told them we were back. The woman we had initially talked to was nice to us (seriously, she was the best part of the whole experience), but the woman I encountered when I checked back in with them was really rude. 

It took a long time to get any attention after we were seated, which was obnoxious because we were super hungry after our hour+ wait. The table next to us was seated after us, but got service way before us. On our other side was an 8 top with a bunch of young guys and some women we were pretty sure were escorts. 

Our server wasn't very welcoming, nice, or helpful. He seemed annoyed when we didn't order drinks (they were pretty expensive and we were pretty much over drinking at that point in our trip!)

The guac we got was totally plain and boring. It was literally just smashed avocados and a dash of salt served on a wilted piece of lettuce. 

My meal came out wrong. My enchiladas came out with NO SAUCE on them. They just brought me sauce on the side. I also was served the wrong kind of beans. When I mentioned this there was no apology of offer to correct it. I mentioned it twice and each time the person just said 'ok!' and walked away. I was really confused. 

We got pretty much NO service from our server as he was busy with the 8 top next to us. We couldn't even flag him down. The bus boys were nice, but we still lacked the service and continuity that even a mediocre server gives. 

Service ranked at zero stars, and I'd rate the food really low, too. My food wasn't good, but there were components that were tasty and I suspect that they can crank out some good stuff when they pull it together. Overall, though, the experience was really terrible. It's been a few weeks and I'm still thinking about how lame it was. 

Also, it was super loud. This might be great if you're getting ready to party, but we were already partied out. We wanted to relax and have a good meal and this place was absolutely the wrong choice for that.