My fiance was raving about this place at lunch so we decided to try it for dinner. We love mexican food and wish there was more around Scottsdale.
This ended up being a weird experience for us! Let's start from the beginning...
Go up to the hostess and ask to sit outside as its a perfect night.  She apologetically shook her head no and explained there were reservations coming to fill the tables we saw open.  No big deal right, so we sit inside where we were lead to a corner table by the window. 
After about 2mins I noticed the AC was blaring. I figured I could stick it out, not like it is 110 outside yet! 
After looking at the menu which was explained to us the sangria sounded refreshing. Come to find out you have to order a $29 pitcher or a single cup that happens to have jack daniels in it. I don't know too much about sangria, but I know I don't like jack and couldn't get the kind in a pitcher by the glass...
I ordered the Arizona Burrito it came with green chile pork or red with cheese and enchilada sauce on top. I ordered the green chile pork.
After ordering our food the cold becomes a bit much.  I look over and a plant by the door had leaves blowing the AC was so strong. Not wanting to complain we ask our server if the air could be turned down a little.  She reports she has to ask the manager to turn it down.  She comes back and reports the manager said it can't be turned down but told his we can move across the way and it's still her section. My wine finally arrives not long after we moved, less frigged area by the way! 
The food wait time was pretty average.
First glance at my burrito there was green sauce on top, no big deal as I ordered green chile right...as I cut into my burrito the meat was red chile...thinking maybe they mixed up my order as my impression of what I ordered is green chile pork on the inside and red sauce on top of the burrito, I think maybe I read the menu wrong or maybe they meant salsa verde is green chile sauce. IDK! regardless, not wanting to complain and starving I ate it! quite delicious with just the right amount of spice!
Halfway into my burrito I pick up the next bite and hear a HUGE shatter in my head...my fiance asked 'was that a bone?' shocked I shake my head no! spitting everything out of my mouth into a napkin I see a piece of PLATE! i bit a piece of plate and even broke off a piece! checking my teeth I was relieved to not have broken any! We call the server over who apologizes we know its not her fault.  She said she let mgmt know.  She came back took my plate, offered to give us dessert which we refused, said that never happens, and asked us not to not ever come back because of this! needless to say our meal was comp, and the manager never did come over. hopefully he was in the kitchen alerting the staff about the bottom of the plate rims which according to the server protrude and are fragile...
what a dining experience, and after all was done I was still hungry so we went and O got appetizers somewhere else!
More disappointed about how it was handled with Mgmt...who gets plate pieces in their burrito!?