I call BS on these rave reviews.  They sound really scripted and phony.  Carolina's is just your usual dumpy Filiberto's-ish place and you simply either like it or you don't.  The same way you might feel about one of those other polarizing institutions, Chico's Tacos in El Paso.  Even the people who like Chico's Tacos will admit it really isn't that good.  But if you claim this is "the best Mexican food anywhere" or "so so good" (right out of a commercial script) or "fantastic Mexican food", your credibility takes a nose dive.  This has the appearance of "stuffing the ballot box", and something's fishy here.  Even within the bounds of dumpy Mexican food joints, this place doesn't even meet mediocre standards.

The food in detail:

Combo plate with tostada, taco and enchilada on my first visit:  taco... passable.  Which incredibly made it the star of the combo plate.  The enchilada was a formless mass of tortilla resembling something you scooped out of a casserole with some institutional enchilada sauce over it and no detectable filling.  Total amateur hour.  The tostada was like something spawned from an Ortega or Old El Paso kit and probably would have bored Midwestern Mexican food neophytes from Iowa.  A school cafeteria could have matched the quality. I can't even remember the rice and beans, I was so stunned how bad the main items were.  The cherry on the sundae was how severely pissed my wife was at me that I suggested we try this place.  Can't say I blame her, really.  It doesn't take a gastronome to see that this place serves up some really nasty food.

The green chile burro I had during my ill-advised second try here was a bigger disaster than the first experience.  It felt like I was holding a water balloon.  That's because it was filled with a gray, soupy, gravy-like, watery substance that had chunks of, well... nothing... in it.  It was like a folded tortilla soup bowl that gushed all over the place when I took a bite.  And it tasted like it looked.  Hands down the worst burro of any type I've ever had anywhere.  Honestly, I've had way better burritos from Taco Bell, of all places.  Needless to say I didn't finish it and it went into the garbage with extreme prejudice.  

I sure would appreciate a few more honest reviews here instead of people shilling for this dump.  Don't believe a word of anything positive you read here.  I've never hated any eating establishment like I hate Carolina's.  Not even MacDonald's.  At least people aren't heaping undeserved praise on MacDonald's.  This place doesn't deserve another thin dime from me.