After receiving a very nasty reply from the owner regarding my last review, I now wish that I could give this dump -5 stars. As a "professional business man" one would think that the owner would be open to critique that could better his business. Apparently, this is not the case at Baja Joes. Not only was the food horrid, the owner is also snide and condescending, cannot say that I am surprised. The food really is a reflection of their owner. I am absolutely taken aback by the amount of unprofessional (or lack thereof) from Baja J. The purpose of my last review was NOT to promote another business or "ride anyone's coat tails". I was simply leaving my honest opinion about several Mexican dishes that I know a GREAT deal about! Growing up in a Hispanic household, I KNOW what good/real Mexican seafood tastes like, and regrettably, you will not find either at Baja Joes. Baja J, I apologize if my previous review was too honest for you, however, you sir, need to learn some professionalism and respect! Please understand that this was my honest review of YOUR food and what needs improvement. Again this was MY honest review of YOUR restaurant. If I wanted to promote another restaurant I would leave a review on THEIR page, not yours! I am in NO WAY affiliated with any restaurant, if I was, don't you think that I would be promoting the heck out of it? Do your research Baja J, I have not even reviewed the establishment I mentioned previously. If I were you, I would take a serious look at your menu, recipes, and attitude because judging by other reviewers I am not the only one who has had these complaints. Do you belittle and undermine everyone who does not like your restaurant? Would you prefer that I say I have received better meals from Taco Bell, or would that be promoting another business as well? Future diners beware, if you do not care for their food you will be publicly chastised for your honest opinion. The owner will not try to remedy the situation or make up for the fact that you wasted $65 on a terrible experience. Heck, he wont even apologize that you had a bad meal. Absolutely inexcusable.