Typically with this place you know you are going to receive an amazing meal. Unfortunately this time around was different. Something changed about this place. I used to come here when it opened up and have always gotten the same meal.

I always get a combo meal, teriyaki, jade red chicken quesadilla, and chicken friend rice. I have sworn by this meal to people as I think it's one of the best. My recent visit I was let down a lot. 

I walk in, wrote down my usual and look at the cashier and she walks away. I thought she was doing the register because she had just taken a ladies order... Guess not. So I wait... Finally a lady take my order and before I could order she tried to upsell me on some new stuff, so I tried because hey it can't possibly be bad. 

When I received my meal the teriyaki sauce was off it looks like a jello gravy consistency. It's usually a real teriyaki sauce and tastes delicious. I picked up my weapon of choice, my fork, and dive right in. I was shocked by the disgusting flavor and texture I received from the teriyaki chicken. In disbelief I let my friend try some and she was shocked at how gross it was too. So I put the teriyaki aside for the fly that kept flying around. 

I then headed towards the jade red chicken quesadilla. It tasted normal and great but they definitely shorted me on the chicken. Thinking of it as a oh well mentality I headed towards the wings I ordered. Yes that's right they now have wings. When I opened the ranch I originally thought it was blue cheese, I was wrong.  It was homemade ranch that just tasted like sour cream mixed with a pickle. 

The wings I half are was absolutely terrible. I am truly amazed at the route this place I used to love went. Hopefully they get it together because I miss it. There are other things different there like the nice gentlemen playing his guitar trying to hit the rights notes. I thought this was restaurant that was chill. Not a bar. Anyways, I hope this review helps beware anyone that thinks they will get decent food, with a very nice staff. I say that with the most sarcastic voice in my head.