Sandbar, you provided me amazingly lame service tonight.. Royally lame. You will not get my business again based off of the experience I had in your establishment. Wait, I didn't even enter the establishment....so I will not attempt to give you my business again... and I invite you to message me and/or call me regarding my experience, which I doubt you will do.. My night at Sandbar lasted 1 glorious minute. It was epic, and not in a good way.

So...... I walk up in my LA Galaxy Herbalife soccer jersey (I distribute Herbalife's product, so it makes sense to wear gear affiliated with the brand), and the college-aged bouncers look at each other and say "No go bro. You can't wear athletic gear in." I was stunned. I mean, I was dragged to this place at 11pm at night and would normally not wear a jersey out. But I was asked to go at the last minute and could not change my wardrobe...It is what it is. 

BUT TO NOT LET SOMEONE IN BECAUSE THEY ARE WEARING A JERSEY!?!?!?! WHAT IS THIS?! WHAT........IS.....THIS........Seriously... Are they afraid my Herbalife gang will get upset with the New York Red Bulls posse and we will get in a tussle? . What I do know, is that I was not allowed entry into a bar, which has never happened to me. I am no hood. I am a 26 year old white guy in shorts and a soccer jersey. They must have a reason why, but it can't be because of proper dress attire. The bouncers had no answer for me.

The bouncers had the gall, by the way, to ask the girls: "Does he have anything under the shirt, maybe?" Seriously? You just denied me service, I am walking away.. Why would I want to eat/drink here?They did lose out on probably $75+ in business ($25 / person), and I definitely do not plan on coming back after the customer service was beyond poor. I can't think of a worse experience, given the lack of interest or concern for the customer.

 Fact is, I was interested after viewing all the reviews from Yelpers. I wanted to go and have fun, and because of my non-gang affiliated sports attire which wasn't revealing or obscene, they denied entry. I plan on enjoying my time at numerous other bars that have general sense of mind.