Yowza, if I could give this spot -5 stars, I would.

As mentioned in earlier reviews, service is truly non-existent.  It's quite remarkable at the level of 'who gives a crap' that is on display here.

I took a co-worker there for a holiday lunch, as she has a dish there she is crazy about. We arrive at one, and are seated right away. Drinks get to us eventually and we are able to order. My friend ordered a house special, and I ordered steak fajitas.

While waiting for lunch to arrive, our drinks ran dry, and we also ran out of chips. While the restaurant was slow, with only a handful of tables occupied- the service was still a complete disaster. The wait staff was five feet away behind the bar hanging out, not paying any attention to anything.

Eventually our food arrives, and they must have invented a new strain of white beef, because my steak fajitas are white and look like chicken nuggets, only drier. I asked our befuddled server if I was looking at chicken, and he smiled and replied that it was. I reminded him that I ordered steak, at which point he made a gas face. There was no attempt at service delivery, making it right, etc. To end the silent standoff, I told him I would just give the chicken a go.

I am really laid back, and I like chicken, so I thought it might taste okay. As it turned out, the chicken was SO dry, and it was shaped like chicken nuggets. I have never seen chicken shaped like that, that was not part of  a meal you order at a drive thru. Moving past the shape, they were dry and truly tasteless. To replicate this dish, you would need old chicken, no flavor, and a hatred for the people you were cooking for.

Wrapping up the cluster that was our lunch, my friend ordered some takeout to bring back to her co-worker. We waited for another 20 minutes and no one ever showed up at our table, so I went to the bar and asked about our bill and takeout. Finally I was able to pay and get the takeout bag, which I gave to my pal. I jokingly told her to check it and make sure it wasn't screwed up too, and she did. *** Spoiler alert, they messed up the takeout too. It was completely wrong. I brought the container to the server who replied with "Wow, everything is messed up." Cheers to you, good sir- we agree!

While they went to fix it, I saw inside the kitchen, and it was pretty dirty. I can truly say that was my last and final trip to Frank and Lupe's. The food isn't terrible, but the service, price point, and utter lack of giving a shite make it a no go for me. There clearly is no one there to manage the business and ensure that people are being cared for, and that quality control is happening. Do yourself a favor and find another spot.  Hell, at this point Taco Bell on Thomas & Scottsdale is a better option. At least you know going into it that the food will be mediocre.