Service has become horrible at this place! Todays date..May 31st, 2013 at 8:16pm. I usually go about 5-6 times a month to this location in particular and have noticed it going downhill. Finally this last experience inspired me to write my first Yelp review. Two people in front of me and it took twenty minutes to get through the line. They only ordered one dish each so it's not like I was behind a football team or something. 

Kid behind the counter was as inefficient as I've ever seen plus looked stoned. Eyes half shut and glazed over. He struggled to put together each meal. African American kid.. All smiles and chatty but to the staff talking and talking to the girl sweeping the floor while the lines just stacking up behind me. 

Management didn't do a thing.. Most of the people were in back slicing and dicing oblivious to the front. Finally I get my time consuming order 3 tacos. Lol. It's been carried around the kitchen, half forgotten on the grill. 

Now it's time for checkout. Standing at the register for 5-10 min.. What appears to be a manager rolls past me to grab a drink at the soda machine. Starts chatting up the girl restocking the lids at the soda fountain who I later find out is my cashier.. After they joke around for awhile he rolls back past me and heads back to slicing and dicing in back. 

Cashier finally comes up.. No sorry for waiting nothing.. Asks me what I had, I reply chicken tacos and ask for a drink. She runs my card, bags the food and walks away.. No have a nice day not a word. 

I'm home now.. Live less than a mile away started writing after finishing 3 luke warm bland tacos.  Probably not going back. Until they upgrade their staff.  

One more thing... Get rid of the singing.. It's demeaning to your staff. I'm sure they don't make a ton of money and to have them drone out some half hearted song about cheese or a new customer is revolting.  And really...after waiting for the length of time it would take to wrap up a meal at a fine dining restaurant.... Do you think my moods going to improve with the staff taking time out to sing?? It only perpetuates the situation. Putting a little more feeling behind the droning isn't going to be the solution either.

Definitely need to train your current staff to kick in when there's a wait or higher some new people. I'd get rid of whomever the manager was... Ridiculous!