I give this place one star, begrudgingly. The only good thing about this place was the ambiance and the service at the bar. I am appalled by the service we had at the table. I have never been treated so badly. We had a party of 6, and we chose a table on the patio. The patio was really cool and full of party goers, mostly large groups of people. We sat for about an hour and a half without a server, so we got our drinks from the bar.  No big deal.Finally we decided we wanted some food, so a member of our group flagged down a waitress. Big mistake! The server, Cindy, was the WORST! She was so rude. She explained that no one knew whose table ours was, so no one waited on us. My sister tried to order and she snapped at her, "I am waiting until everyone is ready to order!" I suggested maybe we should order from the bar and then she snapped at me, "You cannot order from the bar! You have to order from me." We ordered our food and, after several eye rolls, Cindy left our table. I seriously should have talked to a manager because she was so rude to our party. She continually rolled her eyes when we ordered drinks. The food came and it was awful. I ordered the shrimp tacos. They were completely dry and almost inedible.  I will never go back to this establishment. I cannot believe the treatment we received. This woman should not be in the service industry. I would think, in this economy, there are plenty if servers who would have wanted to wait on a party like ours. We spent $200 at table, not even counting the drinks we got at the bar. We are all upper middle class people; there was no reason Cindy would have thought we would not have tipped her well. I always give servers the benefit of the doubt; I was a server for 10 years, so I understand they have bad days. But this behavior was inexcusable and shocking. Cindy was the rudest server I have EVER had. I cannot even explain it in words. It wasn't what she said, it was the condescending tone, eye rolling, and abrupt responses.