OH Dos Hippies....how I wanted to love you sooo much.  

I'd been passing this place by due to the long lines around noon, and just biding my time until I too would get to taste the deliciousness.  I should have waited longer.....

I went in on a Friday around 4:30 and there was no line!  I was so excited!  I perused the simple menu and was delighted to find "Cactus Tacos".  This is something I grew up eating, we called it 'nopales', and I'd never seen it on a taco menu.  So I ordered two Cactus Tacos with no cheese.  The very nice chick behind the counter said that the Cactus was prepared fresh daily and mixed with feta cheese.  Okay, I'm not lactose intolarant, just watching calories, so I said that would be fine, just no extra cheese.  She suggested I get three tacos, but I stuck with two, glad I did.  I then paid $1.00 for a can of diet pepsi. $1.00!!!? Get fountain drinks, please.

I waited less than 3 minutes to pick up my tacos from the patio window in the back and sat down amongst a bunch of happily chewing people.  I was excited!

The size of the tacos was great!  I was really happy I only got two, b/c I wouldn't be able to fit in three. I also noticed that there was shredded cheddar on them, even though I'd asked for no extra cheese.  I took off as much as I could and didn't think much about it.  As I picked up the first taco, I thought, 'wow, these seem cold...omg, these *are* cold.'  Who eats cold tacos?  The nopales (prickly pear cactus) were ice cold. ice cold.  The flour tortillas were also cold, the only thing that wasn't cold were the lukewarm pinto beans.  Okay.. I'm half-mexican and will eat a lot of things in a tortilla, almost anything, but I have never been served cold nopales.

Okay, I decided to give it a try, because I'm willing to try anything once. The first bite was crunchy and my intial thought was "holy crap they didn't clean the cactus of needles!"  then I realized the crunchiness was merely from the *partially-cooked* rice that was in the taco.  I opened up both tacos, scooped the uncooked rice out and finished them. 

I wanted to like this place so badly!  Why, oh why couldn't you have been amazing?!

I may be too forgiving, but I'm willing to go back and try one of their hot dogs....but give me some time......