We ate at this new restaurant yesterday - Saturday - about 2:00 pm.  

SO MANY reasons why we will never go back there.

1 - With a name like Nacho Daddy, I would expect that the place would offer a lot more with respect to Nachos - build your own, nacho bar, etc.  This restaurant had none of that - at least we didn't see it.  Our group did order one order of nachos - enchilada style - YUCK - so little melted cheese - you could barely see it.   Not great.  
Sent back to kitchen to add a few beans and it took almost 20 minutes - the table was done eating by the time the order came - note:  the restaurant had less than 50 people in it...

2 - Being a new restaurant in this area, they should be better.  Surely there was a manager on duty - but not once did he/she ever walk around and check each table to see how the meal/experience was going...

3 - The chips and salsa and guac ($10) was good - but we will not be back ever.

4 - One person in our party ordered a bowl with beans/chicken - it was delivered on a black rectangular plate- HORRIBLE presentation - very unappetizing.  Although the chicken had good flavor.  For the $, it was not much food though.  How much do black beans/rick really cost you, Nacho Daddy?  Don't mind you making a profit, but you do need to reevaluate your menu pricing.  A little out of line - you have to compete with Chipotle and Cafe Rio just a block away - yes, they are fast casual and Nacho Daddy is not - but families that don't care about drinking a margarita or beer will not be interested in your restaurant more than once, based on your current menu.

5 - 3 people ordered a meal/iced tea and 2 had only chips/guac/salsa/tea -- our bill was $70 (before tip without bar drinks).  For lunch, that is ridiculous.  

We will go down the street another block and go to Cafe Rio - it's fast casual, but quality food and fresh ingredients - and the entire meal for us would have been closer to $35...

I'm placing my bet now - Nacho Daddy's will never make it at this location.