Awful. Just awful. After being led to our booth (which had a 8" inch long gash in the seat cushion with material poking out of it) we were eventually greeted by a pregnant woman covered with tattoos. 20 minutes later, she returned with a couple waters and took our order. After another 30 minutes, our food arrived..sort of. We ordered nachos for an appetizer, a bean chimichanga with extra sour cream, and an enchilada combo. What we got, however, was a visibly burnt plate of dark brown nachos they felt proud enough to serve, brought out at the same time as the enchilada combo, and the chimichanga plate..which, mind you, amounted to a chimichanga covered in white glop that looked like it was freshly squeezed from an oversized toothpaste tube. No rice, no beans. Just a luke-warm chimi on a 300'F plate covered in toothpaste fresh from the dairy. 

Using her razor sharp perception, she noted that our nachos looked burnt (after she had already brought it out!) and offered to have the kitchen make another plate. We agreed. 

It never arrived. In the interim, I took our 3 year old son to the restroom. While there, I found the urine puddle on the floor and the  wide array of pubic hair on the urinal really charming. The half-destroyed/filthy toilet seat had a nice home-spun look to it as well. Why invest $15 at Home Depot for a new toilet seat when you can show your customers how much you think of them, and think of cleanliness in general? 

So, that about did it. Between the hole in the seat cushion having more food in it than I had food on my own plate, the hour spent waiting for microwave-quality food and the eagle-eyed wait staff, we left. We literally walked out on the meal, the first time my wife and I had felt compelled to walk out on a restaurant in over a decade. We weren't willing to put in another half hour waiting for the check. 

Unless your a fan of filth, and have 3-4 hours to blow, I'd recommend you look elsewhere for Mexican food... 

There's a Taco Bell down the street with a higher rating.