Oh Cabo, I've always meant to visit you! Why didn't I do it sooner? Oh it's probably because you suck. I want to give it the benefit of the doubt, I mean everyone has bad days right? But it's just so bad that I don't want to go back.

So after agreeing to go to Cabo Fish Taco after a pretty bad Eclecfest event at Red at 28th, I was kinda excited. Because Tacos! So after my date and I found some parking, we discovered that we were the first to arrive in our party. I walk in and I'm told by the hostess that there is an hour wait for a 5 person table and a 10 minute wait if we want to squeeze into a 4 person table. I ask to see the 4 person table and it's not really too bad so after some feedback from the others we agree to a 4 person table. Well I went to the restroom, and apparently my friends got told to move it cause they're blocking the hostess's path. Maybe they put up a fight getting out the door who knows, because all I know is after I got out and joined them again to wait outside she yelled my name like she wanted to kill me. My line of work deals with very upset people all the time  so I didn't think too much of it, but my friends and date were quite shocked and upset over it. As we get seated I'm wondering why right next to us there's a perfectly good table for 5 but we're still seated at the table for 4, oh well. Our orders get put in pretty fast I thought after a confusing mix up with them not updating their daily specials board. Chilling with our drinks that don't get refilled, so my date Allen generously refills my cup with his water. About 45 minutes of no water later, when I'm hungry and not happy enough our waitress comes over and says the printer had problems and hadn't printed our orders out (sounds to me like they totally forgot the order). She said sorry I'll keep your water filled at least! Well she didn't even do that. Maybe you could have sent over an appetizer or something after making us wait so long for food and not even checking up on us, because we're hungry!

Finally the food the food arrives at our table, and it's pretty skimpy portions but I'm a positive thinker so I say maybe it'll taste great! Well was I wrong about that. There are way too many onions in the quesadilla, maybe if they had actually stated that there were going to be onions galore in there I would've been able to ask them to omit them. I just wanted a cheese quesadilla guys! We would have been able to share the disappointment in our dishes if the waitress had been around or if we could have heard each other over the loud noise of the place.

So people left hungry, prices are not good for what you get, and there is rude inattentive service there. This place managed to get everything wrong and leave such a bad impression on their customers so why is it so popular? I for one don't have any inclination to return anytime soon, or ever.