Stopped on our way to the gate as a margarita looked appealing. However, we should've trusted our instinct and left upon entering.  The manager was standing at the back of the restaurant telling people the section was closed only after they were seated.  She could have just as easily tied the area off with the available section ties. 

After sitting down the waiter was constantly rude and impolite.  After bringing waters he asked what we wanted to order and before we could begin he started walking away from the table.  It took 2x to get him our drink and food orders.  Subsequent requests for more water were blatantly ignored.  The margarita which arrived about 15 minutes in was somewhat decent but over priced (there were no drink prices on any of the menus and most food lacked prices as well).

When our food came our stomachs turned at a stale, cardboard, food gone bad smell.  We choked down two of the blue corn chicken quesadillas to much dismay.  The guacamole was bland and flavorless. The chips were stale. The only decent item on our plate was the pico de gallo.

We tried to stop the waiter 3 times to tell him the food was horrible. Twice he replied ok and did nothing but walk by our table.  The third time we finally had his attention we told him the meal was horrible and he asked if we wanted anything else quite belligerently to which we said no.  He offered no resolution then disappeared for 15 more minutes. He did not once offer to discount our meal or offer a solution.   

Upon returning to our table I clearly stated that I would not be paying for the food which he begrudgingly accepted, scoffed. ran our receipt and returned it to our table as if we had inconvenienced him.

As we left we received angry glares from the rest of the staff and heard him complain to another customer about our table.  My stomach hurt and my wife became physically ill about half hour after eating.  When we returned to get a copy of the receipt we asked them to check their chicken and they didn't seem to care. 

My recommendation as a consumer is to avoid this place at all costs. A week old, refrigerated, wrapped sandwich from 7Eleven would provide more satisfaction than anything this restaurant has to offer.  To the Jose Cuervo corporate folk I would recommend retraining your employees, closing the store completely, or rehiring friendly people who know the meaning of service.

This place definitely leaves a bad taste in the back of your throat and tarnishes the Jose Cuervo brand.