My wife and I wanted to eat at El Zocalo on a Saturday night, so we arrived early due to crowded parking situation and weekend diners. When we showed up at 5:30, we were really pleased to find that there was no wait! **That should have been sign #1.**

Sign #2 followed shortly thereafter, when a host described the tortilla soup as "obnoxiously delicious." Uh, ok... Anyway, nice guy, allowed us to choose one of the many open tables. Chips and salsa arrived promptly and our waitress introduced herself quickly. THIS IS WHERE ANYTHING POSITIVE ENDS. 

After introducing herself, she disappeared. A party of four was seated at the table next to us and got a different server. He was very efficient- they had waters, drinks, guacamole and their orders taken before we ever saw the server again. At my count, 9 tables were filled in the restaurant and there were 8 server-looking people milling around. Yeah. Our server had ONE table of 5 adults and one child... and sort of us, although she didn't do anything for us.

My wife and I don't like to make a scene, so we sat there patiently. I was just kind of staring in the direction of the host stand, hoping I could catch someone's eye. Saw the manager walk by (in his purple shirt) three or four times- EVERY time, his head was down looking at his phone. Finally, a nice guy came over and said, "Is everything ok? Can I get you anything?" I explained to him that our server had disappeared and that before he came to check on us, we were talking about just quietly leaving. He went to get the manager and the manager's response to my story about the other table being served so promptly was, "Oh - ok - well let me go ahead and put that drink order in for you..." as if THAT was the problem. 

HORRIBLE service and just not very smart things happening around the restaurant. 

I'll comment on the only things I experienced: the water tasted like bad Chandler water, the chips were very greasy and the salsa was below average. Menu was pretty basic but overpriced for the area and quality of environment. This is the first restaurant I ever walked out of - and I'll never walk in again.

By the way, we went over to San Tan Brewery, had to WAIT 20 minutes... and were THRILLED that we left El Zocalo. If you want Mexican, go across the street, pay half price, get good service... eat at Serrano's.