My wife and I have always been a loyal customers of your Mesa location over
the past several years.  We frequent your restaurant when ever we can.  It has 
been a while since we have been out to eat due to the economy like everyone 
else but when out of town guests was here about 2 weeks they wanted good
Mexican food so of course we went to La Parrilla Suiza in Mesa.  What happened?
When we arrived at your restaurant at about 6:00 pm on a Saturday evening we noticed that there were absolutely zero cars in the parking lot.  We surely thought that this cannot be a good thing.   We were the only customers inside.  We were so embarrassed over the food.  The quality of the food was extremely bad, so bad that no one in out group was able to finish their meals.  When we complained to both the server first and then we asked for the manager and complained to him and neither one seemed to care.  The manager actually said that was too bad that we did not like it and that other people usually do not complain.  "REALLY".  That's all you can say?  Two of our orders we had to send back to correct the problems (which they didn't) and that is all you can come up with?  Sooo sad.  I even made a comment that now I can understand why the restaurant was empty at 6:00pm on a Saturday evening.  The manager just shrugged his shoulders, turned and actually walked away.  The quantity of the food was not there either and the prices was too high for the what there was.  We do not mind paying a fair price for a good meal but the quality and value is no longer there.  After we ate our meals and spending a nearly $100.00 at this sorry excuse of a restaurant we were all still hungry so we decided to try Someburros Mexican restaurant across the street and for a fraction of the price our meal was excellent.  We thought that Someburros is where we should have gone to first.  It was just overall better quality of food at a great price.  Too bad, we will miss going to La Parrilla Suiza.  Now we know why both the parking lot and the restaurant were empty.
And to the server and manager who just "blew us off".  As the old saying goes, "IF I HAVE A GREAT EXPERIENCE I WILL TELL 10 PEOPLE, FOR A BAD EXPERIENCE I WILL TELL 1,000".  Guess which one you fall under...