I've had horrible experiences with their very unprofessional and rude waitstaff during each of my last three visits. There won't be a fourth visit to this establishment as a result. I waited several months between each visit hoping that maybe things would improve in the interim but have been treated equally or progressively worse each time. Today when I arrived, a waitress was bitching to someone in the kitchen and only noticed me waiting to be seated as an afterthought. She did finally acknowledge me but only to say she would be with me in a minute and then disappeared. Later she returned and proclaimed loudly to someone in the kitchen that she wouldn't be taking another customer. She then proceeded to seat me and took my drink order and asked if I wanted chips and salsa. Now this place started charging extra for chips and salsa several months ago even though their menu still shows several dishes include chips and salsa. Can you imagine, a Mexican restaurant charging extra for a traditionally free amenity such as this? She disappeared never to return. No one else returned with my drink or chips and salsa or to take my order. While waiting a long time for this to never happen, they did manage to give another diner her check only to have this diner discover it was for someone else's order. More waiting ensued and another couple were seated. A waiter then showed up to take their order and ignored me again. I finally went up to the cashier area and demanded that they please send someone to my table to take my order and pointed out I'd been waiting about 30 minutes. This waiter then came to my table and tried on several excuses such as someone seated me in his section and he didn't know it (I guess he has blinders on). Then he started to interrogate me to try to identify who it was that had seated me. By then I'd had just about enough and got up to leave. All he had to say for himself was that it wasn't his fault. This place gets one star from me only to get the review posted, they deserve none and I strongly suggest you pass on it.