I am used to expecting less than perfect service at non-Eastern Ave Cafe Rio locations while still being a loyal and loving customer eager to get their Rio on. I've been to this location once before and remembered not enjoying it but it was only one experience months ago and it's still Cafe Rio so I decided to come back a second time.

I ordered a salad minus beans which was fine, and my boyfriend ordered a bean rice and cheese burrito after me. As I said, I am used to less than perfect service at other Rio locations, like receiving less burrito fillings or less hot sauce and cheese than usual. However, when I ask for a bean, rice, and cheese burrito and you give me a rice and cheese burrito with (I can't make this up) literally 12 beans in it, you have gone beyond bad service and into the territory of downright insulting. If you ran out of pinto beans you could have asked me to wait while you get more instead of serving me 12 beans and throwing a deflated rice and cheese burrito into the belt oven like we're a couple of idiots who won't notice or care. I had to tell the next guy in the prep line (who was very nice) that we did not want the burrito because it had no beans in it and then compromised to have him add beans on the side because I didn't want my boyfriend starving out of pure spite. That prep person arranged for it to be free with the cashier without my noticing. And then I get to the register and the cashier is completely short with me when I begin asking for it discounted not realizing he just told her it was free. I wasn't expecting her to comfort me over my crappy burrito but I certainly wasn't expecting to be treated like I was the person inconveniencing her.

My conclusion, I came in here planning to buy TWO food items properly prepared according to what's written ON THE MENU. I did not come in here planning to buy ONE item and receive another one FREE and SCREWED UP. Don't give me stuff that's FREE AND SCREWED UP. Have some standards and don't ever hand out stuff that screwed up free or not. On top of that, don't treat me like I AM the one creating a problem for you, when YOU screwed up. 

If I am ever in the area again I will go to Chipotle instead. Even though I never, never, eat at Chipotle and I feel uncomfortable with the idea of eating there, at least I can hope to not be served by people in such a ridiculous manner.