This place is the main setting of one of the most miserable nights of my life that didn't involve someone dying or me throwing up on my date or something.  Anyway, I'll spare those details and just focus on what a terrible experience this restaurant was.  To begin let me state in the interest of full disclosure that I live in Dallas.  This affords me the opportunity to eat some damn fine Tex-Mex, but it does not make me a Mexican snob.  I'm every bit as comfortable eating at a chain in my native St. Louis as I am at some of the better places I have found in Dallas or anywhere else.  All I ask is that it is good.  Frank and Lupe's is not good.  The people in my party wanted Mexican and several people affiliated with our hotel recommended Frank and Lupe's as the "BEST MEXICAN IN TOWN!!"  I see that in some of the reviews here, too.  Either these people are getting kick backs or Scottsdale has a seriously terrible Mexican restaurant scene.

First off, upon our arrival we were quoted a wait time of 35 minutes inside and an hour on the patio.  Ok, guess we're eating inside, no problem.  Unfortunately, 35 minutes turned into nearly an hour to sit in the hot, cramped dining area.  We would have been much better off waiting for the patio and taking our chances.  There are few restaurant sins bigger than undershooting the wait time by almost half.  Off by 5 or 10 minutes?  Still crappy but it happens.  20+ minutes?  No excuse.  This highlights another problem with this place.  It is tiny.  There is no place to wait.  I guess we could have squeezed into the over-full patio and hoped for the best, but otherwise you're standing out on the street on a tiny crowded sidewalk with all the other unfortunate souls about to be subjected to the horrors that are apparently "the best Mexican in town".

As you can imagine, after waiting an hour for a table, our party was starving.  Luckily we were at a Mexican place, so we knew we were getting chips and salsa, so we waited...and waited...and waited and finally we hounded the hostess after 10 minutes of sitting there with nothing on the table.  Then we got the "chips" which were actually more like some thick bastard offspring of a chip and a taco bell chalupa shell.  Did I mention they were cold, too?  Warm chips can hide a magnitude of crimes, but not at Frank and Lupe's.  And the salsa was some watery, runny mess.  Yuck.  And what's that I see on the menu?  $2 for more chips?  Luckily the chips were terrible and they would have had to pay me $2 to take more of them, but seriously?  No one I have mentioned this to since has ever seen a charge for chips at a Mexican restaurant.  Was I reading this wrong?  Is this only if I don't order anything besides chips?  Surely it was, right?

Moving on...after another good 10 minutes our waiter finally came around for our orders.  I ordered a number 6. I was presented a choice of a green or red sauce.  Being from out of town I asked for the waiter's opinion.  He told me he would get the red but "its a little spicy."  This is important because it was the exaggeration of the century.  Before the meal came out I had finished my first diet coke.  Of course I did because it was like 30 minutes between getting the diet coke and getting the food.  Anyway, I specifically waited for another diet coke before I started the "little spicy" meal.  Then I dig in and I eat...and I eat...and I eat.   In fact, I finished the entire entree before I even felt a hint of spice in my mouth, and even then it wasn't much more robust than Medium Pace picante sauce.  Huge disappointment.  To tell the truth, the whole meal was bland.  There was basically no flavor even under the "little spicy" (emphasis on little, I guess) sauce and the rice was  apparently just plain rice with a little shredded cheese melted onto it.  So, we finished our meal, all massively disappointed, and then it was another 10 minutes until we could get the check and then after that we had to flag down another hostess to actually pay the check because our waiter was MIA.  You might say it was because they were busy, but we didn't start eating until almost 8 and by the time we were done closer to 9, the restaurant was at least half empty.

The biggest disappointment for me is how many interesting sounding places I passed by walking to this place.  Unfortunately, my party wanted Mexican and the hotel suggested this dump.  I had one meal out on the town in Scottsdale, on an expense account to boot, and I wasted it on this utterly forgettable hole in the wall disaster.  In fact, I take that back.  I will never forget Frank and Lupe's.  It goes on the Wall of Shame.  Learn from my error, fellow Yelpers.