If it were possible to award an eatery a negative value of stars, I would most certainly have given Border Grill a negative 10. 

I arrived in the company of four other people, in the late afternoon after going to the Aquarium exhibit. We were all very hungry, and excited to get some Mexican food. We're from Texas, and thought it would be interesting to see how a Top Chef's award-winning Mexican food would measure up to the stellar Tex-Mex food to which we are accustomed. 

Upon arrival, the hostess was cheery enough, if a bit of an airhead. After being seated, we waited a full five minutes before even being greeted by a server. Following a perfunctory greeting, we were brought chips and salsa (both lackluster and bland) and had to wait another 5 minutes for water. The waiter was nice enough, but seemed to be mostly unconcerned with giving us good service, or making a decent impression.

The menu itself was rather pricey. If you're at a place that charges $ 4.50 for a fish taco a la carte (with a tortilla the size of a drink coaster and an even smaller filet of Mahi Mahi), you know you won't be able to leave the restaurant without paying upwards of $ 25.00 per person/ per dish. The food is billed as "Mexican", but there were no true Mexican dishes on the menu. Everything seemed to be more Central/ South American.

Let me preface my actual food review by saying that we waited a grand total of 35 minutes for our food to arrive. I was to the point of trying to eat our waiter, who had already conveniently disappeared. 

I ordered the chile relleno burger, with paprika seasoned fries, and a fish taco a la carte. I asked for the burger rare, because 1) it cuts down on cooking time and I was ravenous, and 2) I simply cannot stand an overcooked, rubbery meat patty. 
The other members of my party ordered 1) crab nachos 2) beef nachos 3) avocado tacos 4) chicken caesar salad. 
1) The crab nachos were adequate. For a self-proclaimed "grill" specializing in seafood, the meat was rather bland and tasteless, and were downplayed by the plethora of toppings heaped upon the actual chip.
2)The beef nachos were already limp when they arrived at the table. The meat was wholly bland, and the kitchen chose to under-employ cheese, making the overall nacho rather boring.
3) The avocado tacos were a great disappointment. As said by the consumer of the food, the idea of the avocado tacos was excellent, but the actual execution of the taco was underwhelming. 
4) The chicken caesar salad was probably the worst thing served. You might be questioning how in the world a kitchen can mess up that which is essentially chopped greens and a simple meat fillet. Well, when your "caesar dressing" is the taste and consistency of mayonnaise, and is literally drenching the salad, you tend to look unfavorably upon the dish. 
5) My chile relleno burger was probably the best thing served. The burger was cooked to my standard, and the chile relleno itself was decent, if a bit bland. The fries were the only really yummy thing served, and I'm not sure that's something a Mexican restaurant should be proud of. 
6)The fish taco was terrible. The corn tortilla (while "homemade") was bland and too thick, and the filet of Mahi Mahi was too thick, overcooked, and bland. The guacamole tasted like something you could get at the grocery store, and was heavily salted. 

The overall really shocking thing to me was the lack of seasoning. The chefs behind the menu are award-winning and famed, but don't know how to use simple seasoning on their food to make it palatable. 

The bill wound up being over $ 150.00 (when the checkbook finally made it to the table), and we paid up, left a tip, and got the hell out of there. I wound up with gastrointestinal issues later on that night. If you're looking for good Mexican food, I highly suggest going elsewhere. To give you an idea of how deeply disappointing this food was, I would suggest going to Taco Bell instead. At least there, you're only paying $.99 for a taco, and the diarrhea is cheaper.