I'm in the customer service industry and am appalled at the service provided by Café Rio, specifically the Blue Diamond location 3 times in a row now.  3 week ago we placed an online order for my entire office (15 orders).  We placed the order over 1.5 hours prior to scheduled pick up.  There is no warning, nor notice online stating times may vary so we showed up about 10 minutes late and told the order still isn't ready.  Our employee that picked it up, on the payroll clock, had to wait another 45 minutes for it to be ready.  Luckily the did provide a 25% discount on our order.  By the time it got to the our office, 1 meal was missing and 2 were made incorrectly, so we had to send someone back (10 minute drive each way)...slightly ridiculous...but we get mistakes happen.

Our office ws upset by the situation above, but still love Café Rio and food so much we tried again.  My coworker ordered a single Chicken Salad yesterday online and showed up and it was ready on time.  She brought it back, it was completely wrong and no meat in her salad.  At this point, lunch is about over so we can't come back to pick it up.

TODAY .. I order 2 salads online for pick up at 1pm.  I show up at 1:15 and am told it's still another 15-20 minute wait.  I told them to cancel it and left.

After I left I called to speak with a manager (Friday 9/25/15 around 1:30pm) and was told there isn't a manager on duty to speak to me on the phone and then told she isn't accepting calls right now.  I get that it's a lunch rush, however, I'm an angry and upset customer and the manager should be available.

At this point, 3 times in a row, the meal wasn't ready within a 15 minute time frame with no warning and our orders continually get messed up.  The staff members making the take-out orders need to be more thorough and just pay attention to the orders.  It's not a difficult job and to follow directions.  One time I understand, but when it continually happens it becomes unacceptable.

I will no longer bring our business to the Blue Diamond location and notice I'm not the first one with terrible reviews on Yelp either.  I think this staff and management needs to have another few training sessions.