I have been here over 5 times and every time I go I wonder why I went back.  I really want to like this place but they have given me no reason to, unfortunate, I know.  I am actually shocked they have such a good rating on yelp.

First of all, one main problem they have is that there is no place to wait. There is no real hostess stand, so you must stand there awkwardly waiting for your table to be ready.  You are always in the way and the staff is not shy about letting you know that.  Thinkng about it, there are 4 seats by the fireplace, but you are again, awkwardly squished in between 4 booths and simply in the way. 

On at least four of the visits we made reservations at least a week in advance.  Everytime our table is not ready.  The shortest amount of time we waited was 30 minutes- WITH a reservation.  The worst time we waited almost 2 hours on a weeknight.  The "manager" offered us a round of drinks when we told him we were going to leave and took our order.  When dinner was over and the bill finally came my glass of wine was on the bill.  I questioned him about it and he said that since my order was more expensive than the others in the group I would have to pay for it.  I don't think he expected me, a 25 year old female, to fight him on it but I did.  I reminded him that he said round of drinks without a specification of type.  If there was a price limit I would have made a different choice.  After looking at me like he wanted to fight me some more he walked away and brought back a revised bill.  Without saying a word then disappearing turns out he gave a credit to the bill for the price of a beer.  REALLY? Great customer service. The price difference was only $1.50. He shouldn't be considered a manager.  

The next time we were there, while still enjoying our cocktails and drinks, a new manager asked us if they could relocate us to the patio very abruptly.  Mind you the place was almost empty and it was about 10:30pm.  They claimed a new party was coming in and they needed our table.  So, feeling kicked out we reluctantly said yes and he said they would set us up by a heater (it was December) and send over a complimentary bottle of wine.  We got outside, the booth was cement and the heater was out of propane. We were freezing and then a waiter came over for drink orders.  We were all so confused we explained the situation and then he disappeared never to come back.  We promptly finished our drinks from dinner and opted to leave in lieu of freezing while we waited for that complementary bottle of wine to appear.

My real issue is with the food.  I like my meat cooked medium well, I am weird about the temperature of my meat because I have gotten sick before.  Any time I order my burgers medium well they come out medium or medium rare.  It is so frustrating so I stopped ordering beef there altogether.  

On a whim, I went here on a Saturday afternoon with my boyfriend.  I knew better than to order meat, so I opted for enchiladas, but my boyfriend chose a burger.  The place was empty and there were only 5 other people there so I figured he was safe and I didn't say anything.  He ordered his burger medium rare (he typically enjoys red meat very red and isn't picky like me), big mistake.  After 30 minutes of waiting our food came.  He cut into his burger where it was revealed to be completely raw.  I mean RAW.  Not even cooked rare, this thing was still mooing, even he was grossed out.  We called over the waiter and explained the issue, he said they would throw it back on the grill because making a new one would take too long.  Ummm ok, strike one.  The kitchen is open to the restaurant and the waiter took the burger to the chef and the chef yelled, that's medium rare, what the hell is the problem? We saw the whole thing.  He threw, literally threw, the burger on the grill and then just stared at us.  Strike two.  The waiter came back and said that's what the chef considers medium rare.  We told him it was ice cold in the middle and if my boyfriend would have eaten it he would have gotten ill. He said oh no, that wouldn't make him sick, it's very good quality. Uhhh strike three.  Stunned, I said if that burger was medium rare, tell the chef he wants it medium well (hoping it would then be medium rare).  When it arrived, it was charred so badly you could barely cut into it, clearly the chef was making a statement, strike four.  The waiter noticed that the burger was now inedible and didn't say anything, just cleared our plates and brought over the check.  No apologies, no discounts, no comped meal, nothing. Strike 5, they forfeited the game.  

After we left, I decided I would never go back.  I was literally in shock as to what just happened.  My advice is to steer clear of this place, the food, even the New Mexican specialties, are mediocre at best.  I can't think of anything that would make me want to go back.  Sorry to burst any bubbles out there.