This was one of the bad dining experiences you have every so often in life.  It was recommended to me so I thought I'd try it. There were a couple of red flags right off the bat. The first was that it was 5:30 in the evening, prime dinner hour and we were the only ones in there, however after a few minutes people did start coming in, it was never busy though. The second was the back.kitchen door was wide open and it was hot outside. The third was the person taking the orders was in a mood lethargic and really wasn't into helping us at all. When prodded she answered basic questions about the food. There was three of us, my son, his girlfriend, and myself. My sons gf and I ordered pork burritos and my son ordered a brc burrito. When you pay there is room for a tip. I always tip but I want to see the service first as this was a fast food restaurant. The same girl that took our order brought us our food kind of tossed it on the table and told me that there were holders on the wall to get the plastic silverware ( not understanding why I should tip for this). My son was ok with his burrito but his gf and I did not like ours at all. I didn't get the meat in mine my sons gf did and said it was tasteless. The rice was mushed together with some kind of seasoned salt and the beans were out of the can. One of the people that worked there asked how everything was and I told him not good. I didn't like the food and was going to head to McDonalds for something better. He called both the girl taking the orders and the cook out. The girl taking the order said she though my son and his gf ordered the same thing a brc burrito and I ordered the one with the pork, yet she tossed my sons gf the pork burrito. The cook looked at me and said Ne not liking the food was a matter of opinion and she hopes I enjoy another Mexican restaurant. I will and do because I love Mexican food. I only gave it one star because the food was cooked and so far none of us has gotten sick. Oh yeah one more thing the cook has long hair that should be kept in a net. Thank God I didn't have any of it in my food. This disaster cost me $28.00 I actually feel really bad that I paid them. It is not worth it. If you want good Mexican food go to Chili Verde. Also I feel bad about writing a bad review but this was exceptional.