The Worst the worst the WORST !  

Can you tell I am not a fan? 

My guy and I went here last night around 7pm.. We were told that there was a 40 minute wait..I walked around the restaurant and it was about 1/4 full.. It is a huge place , and there was about 10 tables with customers, the rest were empty, clean, and waiting for someone to sit in. Seriously, why am I waiting 40 minutes ? 

40 minutes come and go and we come back , now there is about 2 parties in the dining room and we are still waiting to be sat, finally I give the hostess an evil glare and we are sat. Right next to the kitchen. there is about 50 empty tables and we are sitting right next to the kitchen ?! really?   So then we sit , and sit, and sit.. My boyfriend says we will give them 5 more minutes and then we will leave. 4 minutes in and our waiter shows up looking like he has been working his butt off , I look around wondering why he looks so overwhelmed,  There are a dozen servers and now about 5 tables being occupied.. This guy is a mess, he can't look us in the eye, takes out drink orders and runs off without taking our food orders..Which we obviously were ready to give seeing how we sat there for 15 minutes before a server even approached our table. He then scurries around randomly ,  we just watch him..another 8 minutes go by and we see him walk in our direction stop , look at us, realization that he never gave us our beers dawns on his face and he runs back towards the bar. This pretty much goes on like this all night. It took us about 45 minutes to get out check at the end. Now , my guy and I have both been servers, so we always tip 20%  ... it pained me to even tip him at all. He did nothing . other people brought us our food and cleared our dishes..he never checked on us,never  refilled our drinks, never asked if we wanted another beer, or even dessert..which I was dying to try the bananas.. but couldn't even order them because he NEVER came back. WTF.   Just looked at my receipt..The server is named Ruben ..

The food was complete garbage. $10 for a tiny bowl of mediocre guacamole with NO chips ! Our entrees which were grossly overpriced were as bland as taco bell.    Do yourself  a favor and NEVER go here.