Would not honor my Restaurant.com coupon. Poor customer service. 

I came here with a measly $5 restaurant.com coupon, in order to be redeemed one had to purchase $7.50 worth of food, which shouldn't be a problem because each taco here costs $2+. 

The girl ringing me up got her (what I assume to be) boss/owner/whatever on the phone and although I can only pick up a few words of Spanish here and there I knew what was going down. After much consternation on her part (and by the cook) they decided they would not honor my coupon. Why? Because, and I quote, "They've been taking money from us.". Whom? Restaurant.com? Well yes, I would assume so because they probably get a cut. I pointed out there's no expiry date, but they were not impressed. I've never had this happen to me before with a Restaurant.com coupon, but I've assumed it could happen.

Here's the thing though, I've had Restaurant.com coupons expire before. The website alerts you to the fact the owner has stopped accepting the coupons and allows you to exchange your coupon for another. Obviously Taco Tijuana just decided to stop honoring the coupons without telling Restaurant.com, which, in my mind is very bad form. Especially for those that had already purchased the coupon with intention to buy eventually. If it expires, or you don't want people coming in to use it - than just say so, don't leave people out in the lurch.

Also - here's another issue, if you have a customer that has a coupon from a reliable source, with no expiry date, shouldn't you just honor the coupon in order to keep a customer and save face? I would. In fact, I know a lot of very good establishments that would. Especially when the price you would be eating was only $10.95 (minus $5) which bring us to a whopping $5.95 they would have had to just let go in order to honor my non-expired coupon. 

That being said what I ordered and subsequently paid full price for, even though all I really wanted to do was ditch my order and go down the street to Taco y Taco.

2 Adobada Tacos
2 Lengua Tacos
1 "Especial" Quesadilla
1 Orange Jarittos

The adobada tacos were good, but definitely could have used more meat. Spices were on point, but way too much freaking cilantro and onions. Lengua was okay. I've never had it before, so I'd be interested to see what it's like somewhere else before I make my final call on if I actually enjoy eating cow tongue tacos.

The especial quesadilla was disappointing. Hardly any cheese at all, and mostly meat. I asked for carne asada in it. The carne asada was really spicy - like everything here. You do not really need any salsas with these tacos because they are pre-seasoned to the spicy side.

There is no salsa bar. They grill up onions/peppers for you and you get that with your order

Customer Service - 1 Star
Food - 2 Stars
Restaurant/Ambiance - 1 Star

Overall - I'll be taking my taco business back to Taco y Taco from here on out.