My Bad! I picked the place for dinner tonight with some coworkers. I checked yelp found a well reviewed Mexican place that looked great. When we got to where this restaurant was supposed to be (in TI) we found it closed. Senor Frog's was across the casino so we thought we would give it a try.
Placed seemed nice enough so we went in, no wait!
Sat down at a nice table and waited. Finally a server arrived (maybe 15 min and the place was sloooow). He took our drink order. Margaritas seemed to be their thing, they are not cheap. Looking around there were a few groups looked like possibly a B-day party.. Yep the singing begins; DJ starts and calls all servers to the center of the restaurant. (let's not forget I'm waiting for my $9 margarita)They sing HB loudly. Oops another round for another table. Singing over drink delivered. Served in plastic mug filled with ice. Taste was fine but $9 gets you a maybe 20 oz mug packed hard with ice. Drink was maybe 10 oz.
Ordered food and another drink, app Guacamole for the bag of chips we got. Guacamole was poor and obviously from a can. Had fajitas chicken and steak, they didn't suck but smaller than expected. In a nutshell the food didn't suck but was a little overpriced. Drinks good but overpriced. I would expect more. Here's my real problem and the 1 star rating.
In an effort to make "fun" they have a DJ who plays loud music or portions of music making it impossible to talk during dinner. Worse yet they want to involve the servers 'in his little games.  "All servers to the front" shit now I need to wait for my drink while my server is; Singing, doing the electric slide (or some other goofy line dance) and it's going on continually. Hey hire entertainers for the dance and let the server bring my drinks and food. Ihe faster you bring them the more I have. They also have a person making balloon hats for the guests. All that was missing was Chuck e cheese? Is this a place for Kids? In addition they are constantly moving around giant signs with different sayings among the guests, can you say Dick's last resort? They seem to be struggling with an identity crises, are we catering to children or adults.   

Wont be back