My mother in law INSISTED on this place for dinner this weekend saying they had the best Mexican food she ever had. :/

We roll up and the hostesses didn't even greet us (there were 3 of them at the podium). They were rude and were too busy talking amongst themselves to even notice we were standing there. I finally had to say hello to get noticed, I wasn't happy about this. They gave us a pager saying it would be around a 30 minute wait. There were TONS of people sitting around waiting for seats. We were called for our table about 30 minutes later. By this time, the front was getting crazy busy with people waiting for tables. 

As we were seated, we noticed of course all the people at the front waiting for a table-then we noticed all the empty tables.....a serious WTF moment. :/ There were at least FIVE empty tables just in our section alone. So they were either purposely creating a wait OR were seriously understaffed.

Our waiter was nice but he seemed to be in a constant rush. We ordered guacamole which is made at the table, we received a bowl with large chunks of avocado which is NOT guacamole. He just sliced it into a bowl and stirred it a minute with a seasoning packet and served it. Again, I was NOT a happy camper. 

All four of our dishes came with "spanish rice". This "rice" was obviously a boxed mix with frozen peas. The rice was hard to bite into and seemed out of place as it looked like a fried rice mix, it was bizarre.

I ordered the chili rellano and the chilies seemed fresh and had good flavor but the rest of the meal was very bland. My husband had the shrimp fajitas and he took two bites and REFUSED to eat anything else on his plate.

This place makes cheap horrible food and charges $15/plate for boxed crap. It's only attraction is that it's in a nice location and charges a fortune for everything which attracts people who don't know any better (like my mother in law). 

If you're one of those folks who thinks that just cause it's expensive that means it must be good, then come running to this place-I'm sure they would be happy to take advantage of you. 

If you actually have taste (and taste buds), go to Valle Luna or Los Olivos or for God's sake even Filiberto's would be better than this place. 

Don't say you haven't been warned :/

Too Long-Didn't Read version: bad overpriced food and service suck mmkay?