We have been frequenting Richardson's for the last three years at least 3-4 times a month. The last time we visited the hostess sat us in what I like to refer to as the concrete-hole booth where no one can see you and you cannot see out (if you've been there you know which one I'm talking about). The hostess then neglected telling our server we were there so we sat in the concrete abyss for nearly 15 minutes before our server peeked over the wall at us. That visit ended well as the server knew how upset we were and did everything she could to make it right. 

However, today we had a server I never met before. She left us sit for a while too, but we were in full view of her and every other staff member. When she finally came to our table, we inquired about chocolate milk for my granddaughter and received an emphatic "NO", not "No, I'm sorry we don't have chocolate milk but we do have..." just a rude abrupt NO followed by silence. Then my scrambled eggs arrived with the entire top of the pile just sort of jellied, not runny but definitely 'jellied'. She kindly took them back to the kitchen to throw back on the grill for a second or two. She returned with a plate of rubbery, burnt eggs and told me next time I need to request "hard scrambled". Well, NO dear lady, next time I would like my eggs scrambled the way they should be, soft and fluffy with no jellied grossness hanging around the top or the middle. We then sat, and sat,  and sat, and sat staring at my pile of uneaten food and my companions dirty dishes. When she ignored us and walked away one last time I said, "Excuse me Ma'am. Can we get our check please." At this point I was met with a rude "Give me a minute!" accompanied by a feisty glare. My husband then suggested maybe I should wait outside while he settled the bill. Good thing for her I took his advice because I don't generally respond well to rude, feisty glares. 

Richardson's... I am sorely disappointed and this last experience will probably keep me from coming back because if you try to seat me in that girls station I'll get up and leave. You should do the math: 3-4 times a month at nearly $100 a pop. That's a lot of lost revenue.  And since I'll be sure to share my experience with others, you should remember, word of mouth is a powerful advertising tool as well. 

I used to love you. Now I'm just booooooo Richardson's, I'm taking my money down the street.