So just left the Los Dos Molinos in Ahwatukee......wow, what a waste of the los dos name. Didn't actually get a chance to taste their food, but I still have a vile taste in my mouth. We sat for an hour and forty-five minutes with no food. Interestingly enough, the location's owner had some friends in from out of town sitting at the next table. They arrived about an hour after us, and got special homemade dishes and drinks. An hour into our wait I had two empty beer glasses in front of me, and the family was on their third plate of chips. We certainly enjoyed the lovely presentation of the "friends" food. The owner personally served them and went over each dish in it's entirety...wow...they sounded delicious. Of course, by this point, I had a child sleeping on me, no one at my table had a beverage, and we had been waiting for our food for an hour. I can see how we were overlooked since we must have been about 6 feet away from the owner and her friends. So right before the two hour mark, we decided that it was time to go, told the bartender/manager that we would just pay for our drinks and go. Holy crap...they got into our face about it, telling us that we should have been patient because we were behind a 25 top. Ummmmmm...here's a clue..if you can't handle a 25 top without your kitchen going under...then don't do 25 tops...OR maybe tell the family with the little kids that there might be a delay in their order because there is a large table in front of them. A tiny bit of communication might have been helpful. So we had to convince the wonderful establishment that our sleeping kids did not want their food and that two hours was simply too long to wait for food, and they finally agreed to just charge us for our drinks....Holy Crap..what a great gesture. 
Waited tables and bartended for 15 years and have never walked out of a restaurant until tonight. Literally the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant. Management failed, the owner made a fool of herself, and the service was terrible. I am actually embarrassed that I suggested this restaurant in the first place. Shame.