FOOD: We had been once before and the Pasole was awesome! The service was not bad and the green chile rocks.  The Indian Bread Taco had hardly any pork or red chile.  We were disappointed.  The Green chile stew was hot and delicious. The food depending on what you order I would give it between a 3-4.    

SERVICE:  Service-on a scale of 1-5, it's about a 1.  Last week we went on a Friday evening not realizing how early they closed.  It was about 15 minutes to 8:00pm and the waitress who rung up our order was very short when we asked about the menu options. AFTER she took our order, she made it very clear that they were closing in 5 minutes.  Had we known this before we place our order we would have walked out.  The chips and salsa  CRUMBS were out and the salsa was almost empty. They made it beyond clear that they wanted us to hurry up and leave.  There were two other customers eating when we sat down.  The other customer later asked the gal behind the counter for more salsa (which by now had already been put away) and she said again stated that the reason they put it away is because they are closed.  They also asked us to refill our drinks so they can shut the soda machine off.  

Being in the food business myself, I know this one thing-poor customer service will ruin a business.  Staff should be as courteous to their first customer as they are to the last one.  The salsa container should remain out until the LAST customer leaves.  If they close at 8, then they should allow the customers at least 30-45 minutes to finish their dinner without feeling rushed. Service with a smile and staff should  accommodate customer requests without an attitude.  I get the chips being empty, but a sign maybe could state that due to the freshness of the chips, the last batch will be put out at 7PM-sorry for any inconvenience?

Also, I saw at least 2 car loads of customers drive up while we were eating and leave when they saw they were now closed-what a missed opportunity for business!  I know I was not the only unsatisfied customer that evening cause the other lady was quite vocal at the staff lack of customer service.  I was talking with a neighbor and surprisingly she had the SAME experience! Except they mopped while she ate.  I couldn't believe it and on two different occasions.

Lots of potential-but the service killed it for me.  Maybe I will just  return for take out.