So I'm not usually one to negatively review restaurants as I know each diner has their own palate and desires but I feel this one needs a little forewarning to out of towners looking for a great Mexican meal. We were in town for Spring Training and saw advertisements in nearly every publication for this spot and it appeared like a very cool, relaxed, romantic outdoor environment so we said let's do it!

Upon arrival the outside decor looked amazing and like the perfect dining spot for a great meal, drinks, and conversation after a couple of hot days watching baseball. To our dismay the wait for the outdoor courtyard/patio was an hour and a half (understandable though on a Saturday night. So we decided on the 45 min wait for inside and headed to the bar/cocktail area. After waiting nearly 10 min at a cocktail table we were finally addressed and were able to order chips, salsa, and guacamole and two of what were plastered over all their advertisements as "Arizona's Best Margarita". The chips and salsa and guacamole were fantastic!!! The margaritas, although accompanied by their own plastic shaker with refills in it, left far more to be desired. Very sweet, no sense of alcohol in it, and on the watered down side... Suppose we should've heeded the other reviews on here about them. Finally our table was ready and I had to chase down our cocktail server to tab out for about 5 minutes since the bartender was unable to assist us with paying as he appeared far less busy than our cocktailer. 

Our table was nice, the server very friendly, and we selected a few apps to share since we had filled up on the tasty chips and salsa. The water had a funky taste to it so we passed on that. Chicken quesadilla was okay but I've had better. The Spicy Shrimp Diablo clearly was a lost dish on this menu... Embedded with sundried tomatoes mushrooms and garlic, no heat or sense of spice or Mexican cuisine, it clearly felt like it belonged in an Italian restaurant - the shrimp were cooked perfectly though! 

Did see kitchen staff nearly run over three guests as the restrooms are in the same location as the kitchen exit and I'm sure there's numerous instances where collisions and food spills happen because the staff is rushing out without regard for patrons. I guess the woman's restroom is very small and difficult to maneuver around - and my friend is very petite!

Overall I'm sure there are probably really delicious dishes on the menu based on the number of clientele dining but we were left with far more to be desired from this experience. Just a warning for those of you looking for a great Mexican meal.