This review is based on the level of service, two items we ordered and the managers cocky attitude when I presented him with some feedback on our first Javier's experience. 

I'm a local in Vegas and if I'm going out for Mexican food this wont be on my list. For a high end Mexican restaurant this place does not qualify. Save your $$$$$ and go somewhere else. 

My group ordered 2 shrimp taco plates (2 on each plate) and both plates came out cold. We sent them both back and the plates came out cold again. When paying $$$ for 2 shrimp tacos you expect the kitchen to get it right 50% of the time.  Our other dishes came out fine ( quesadilla and enchilada) but even so not outrageously delicious. Our server didn't come check on us as often as one would expect and we were left dry for a fair amount of the time. 

We got the bill and I was more than happy to pay but $181 for cold shrimp tacos, a quesadilla, an enchilada, and 2 rounds of drinks???  I asked to speak with the manager and he kept turning things back on me, like I did something wrong. His name was Omar, completely unprofessional and lacked the maturity of a manager for such a high end restaurant. He asked me if I ate all my cold food, I'm like, "I was hungry.... I'm not gonna send my food back again and again and again to keep getting a cold dish". His answer "I'm not giving you a discount". I didn't even ask for a discount but since he shoved that in my face instead of asking me "how can I make your experience more enjoyable", I said "Why not?".  He said "we ate all our food".  I'm trying to help you run your business by giving you constructive feedback and letting you know there was obviously something wrong in the kitchen, but he didn't seem, to care. 

I'm done ranting on this place, hope everyone else has a better experience than we did, if this review does not turn you away. Otherwise there are a lot of restaurants in Vegas that give much better service and management actually cares what the customer has to say.