Where to start?

There were approximately 20 of us in our group, and we had called earlier in the week to make a reservation - since we knew it was a special occasion, a friends birthday, and we knew when, where, and approximately how many people would be there.  

When we got there, they had given our tablyone sat down.  One of my friends was separated from the peoplee to an earlier birthday party who "still hadn't left yet"... and, by the looks of it, weren't planning on leaving any time soon.  Good for them, I wouldn't want them to rush, but the establishment should have planned a little better or figured that birthday parties/large groups would take longer.  That was frustrating, but they eventually sat us...

However, when we get to the table... the "table" is 4 spots too short... and the waiters are obviously irritated we are there.  Those of us that could, plopped down in a seat to get out of the way of the waiters... well, little did we know that was our "seat" for the rest of the night and we weren't to move.

They brought us another table or two to add on and ever in the group she knew - so everyone moved down so she could sit by people she knew.  This was while everyone was getting situated, drink orders were just being started, and WAY before we ordered food... however, one of the waiters decided to be a total prick about it and cause a scene about us "moving".

Well... if you would have counted how many guests there were and set up the table in the first place, we wouldn't be moving... you rushed us to get seated so we were out of your way - now you should just DEAL with one person moving.  Not to mention, making a scene made all of us uncomfortable.

I looked over the menu nothing looked particularly appealing (in fact, the menu is SOOOO unoriginal) - so I asked the waiter two questions - 1st, what the most popular dishes are, and 2nd, what he would order.  I took his suggestion and ordered the Combination Fajitas = Big mistake.

My steak was charred to the point where the "char taste" is all I could taste.  The shrimp was decent, but nothing spectacular.  The skillet that the meat came on was hot, but there was so much liquid on it that it didn't sizzle and the meat was luke warm (at best).  It came with white rice (yuck)...and black beans.  The black beans were the best part of this whole dish...and the sad part, is that they were just regular old black beans with a little cheese on top.

After I had tried to choke down 1 fajita, I decided I was done with the dish.  After everyone was done eating, the waiter came and asked me if I wanted a box.  He never asked me how my food was, how everything was tasting, if he could get me anything during my meal... just could he get me a box?!?!  Why would I want a box for burnt steak and cold shrimp??????

Not to mention, after I finished my greyhound, I ordered an ice tea - and after finishing my first (and only) ice tea - he never asked me if I wanted more or came around with another Tea - in fact, I couldn't get his attention to even ask for another ice tea!!!  

I spent over 45.00 on a meal and a couple of drinks and I received about 1.00 worth of service and mediocre (at best) food.  With all the good options and unique restaurants in the valley - it's safe to say this place is crossed off of my "list" as far as places I will eat again.