Stopped by to grab some food before a flight coming back from a conference with a coworker. Figured some Mexican food would be fine. Seat yourself, and that's fine. Sat down and waited 10 minutes before I gave up on waiting and flagged a waitress. The waitress had no idea what was on the menu and told us that it was her first day. I have nothing against someone on the first day, but you might think there would be some training or something.

I ordered the enchilada plate, and my coworker just ordered a drink (she had eaten earlier). We told the staff this, but when my food came out they wouldn't give it to me. The server literally came out and said "oh, there's two of you, I must have forgotten one" then turned around and carried my food into the kitchen. 2-3 minutes later she came back out and said "that's really weird, there is no record of another order". I answered that just I had ordered food. She then set the plate in the middle of the table and said "oh, well i guess you two are sharing", then she brought back small plates.

Regarding the food, the first couple bites were okay, the beans were good. The rice was dried out (think heat lamp). Then I started tasting the "taco mix" seasoning that was certainly used in excess. 

After I had finished, we sat and talked for 25 minutes. I kept looking at the server, expecting some eye contact and a head nod to provide the standard "we are done". She never got that message. That's fine, not everyone does, no sweat there. I finally looked right at her and said (she was within 3 feet) "can we get the check?". She literally stared at me for 10 seconds without acknowledging she heard me. She then turned around, poked at the computer for a couple seconds then walked away to the other side of the restaurant. A few minutes go by and she comes back to the wait station (this was right next to my table). About 6 of the staff were chatting there not doing anything (I get this happens from time to time, but most of them had been there for several minutes). I looked at my server again and asked for the check. She again stared at me for about 10 seconds (no acknowledgement again). She then went into the kitchen and came out a minute later with someone else who ended up running the check.

The true icing on the cake however, was that I felt sick before I got on the plane and ended up feeling sick for the entire flight.

Overall, just go to the Burger King next door. At least there you will know what you are getting.