Like David who was here about two weeks ago, this is a place I would not return to.  This was our second experience here and like David said the chips are ok, but that is about it.  The cheese they use is not good, the salsa you can make at home and make it taste better and the food was average.

What seems to attract people to this place is the happy hour times which offers 2 for 1 drinks.  It seems like they are surviving off the bar and NOT the food.  

On the bottom of the receipt is CLEARLY states GREAT MEXICAN FOOD NOTHING OVER 10.$.  This is exactly how it is written..WRONG...They should change this before someone decides to take the time to sue them for false advertising and shuts them down.  

Two people in our party ordered Fajitas and we were charged $11.00 for each.  Now I am not a math wizard, but I do believe that contradicts what they advertise on their receipt.  Also, if you order Enchilada or a burrito, most Mexican Restaurants give you that with rice and beans...NOT THIS PLACE, they charge you $2.00 extra if you want sides with your food bring the total cost of your dish, YOU GUEST IT, to OVER $10.00.  You end up paying anywhere from $10.50 to $13.00 for that plate. 

AND DON'T"T EVEN THINKS OF ASKING FOR MORE TORTILLA'S unless you want to pay $1.00 per request.  

The staff has been very nice on both visits which makes the place bearable...One couple in our party was NOT impressed with the alcohol the first time around and sent their drinks back.  It does look like they took those drinks off the bill even though they FAIL to inform you of this.  They don't inform you of the extra charges or if they do something to benefit you, ITS A SURPRISE AND EVERYONE LOVES SURPRISES WHEN THEY GO OUT TO EAT FROM A RESTAURANT RIGHT???

So one last example, they offer a burrito called enchilada style, which means they put sauce and cheese on the outside.  The burrito is $7.00 but for the scoop of sauce and a little cheese, you guessed it, $2.00 extra and then if you want rice, beans and chips with your burrito, another $2.00 bringing the total to $11.00.....Again $1.00 over the NOTHING OVER $10.00 quote on the receipt.  

Lastly about the Fajita plate, $11.00 is apparently without meat, if you want meat, anther $2.00 and the beans offered on the side, another $2.00, that is a $15.00 plate and in any other restaurant, the price would be the same but would include rice, chips and ALL THE TORTILLA's you desire at NO EXTRA CHARGE.

This is Vegas folks, there are a LOT better Mexican Restaurants in town for the same price of a $13.00 to $15.00 plate with NO HIDDEN CHARGES, better drinks, and just as good Happy Hour Specials.

The ONLY SAVING grace this place has and this is why they will survive in this town David, is that they are close to UNLV so people who don't have cars can indulge, they are not far from the strip and they do have a LOT OF TVs for watching sports and most people don't need more then a few drinks and some chips to munch on while watching a game.  Just make sure you enjoy the chips dry as the VERY SMALL dish of salsa is NOWHERE NEAR enough for the amount of chips you get and YOU WILL GET CHARGED if you ask for MORE....

There are better places to watch sports in this town as well.   Read through the reviews, the 4 stars are from people who enjoy cheap, low alcohol drinks who think they are getting a deal.  Read Ms Fabulous W from 5/15/2011, you will really see what your Happy Hour Drink are getting you....LOL

Maybe Glen Learner the Heavy Hitter would like to get his hands on this receipt.