My family of five ate at La Casa Blanca this evening. We have three small children, but I was told, from numerous people, that considering the location (smack down in the middle of suburbia), kids go all the time and it's "kid-friendly." So, when we walked in, I was happy to see many tables with small children as well. Although I did notice two things right away: (1) it was very LOUD (not necessarily "kid" loud, but just "restaurant" loud) and (2) nobody had any food on their tables. We should've left. But, we stayed. We immediately got served chips and salsa (quite delicious) but then it took the server another 5-10 minutes to take our drink order (and then ANOTHER 15 to actually get our adult drinks). I did have an infant (16 months) who would periodically scream. Yes, it was annoying. Why didn't I take him outside, you might ask? Well, (1) Was he cranky/fussing? No. (2)Were we at a swanky place with white tablecloths and no children around? No. (3) Was it so quiet in the restaurant that nothing else could be heard but this one child? No. (4) Was I hoping beyond hope that our food would arrive and thus, appease the child? Yes. Other children (not my own) were crying, talking, laughing...you know, things that young children do. It's in South Chandler, people. We have kids. Part of the problem was that it took *45* minutes to get our food! My kids were hungry. Before that, however, the manager came over and had the nerve to tell my baby to be quiet. So, the management did say something, but she had absolutely no tact. Then, when our food finally came, my 3 year old's grilled cheese was cold. So were the french fries. If he wasn't three and couldn't care less, I would've sent it back. The cheese was rubbery and orange, obviously sitting under a heat lamp for, well, probably 45 minutes. Then, the shrimp tacos? Really? Tiny, tiny, frozen shrimp, with gloppy creamy sauce on them. Not good. My husband's tostada shell? Couldn't even eat it...it was STALE. I thought we were being punked. Finally, when the management came over and asked "How everything was?" I told her that (1) she was quite rude and unprofessional and (2) the food was terrible. "I'm sorry to hear that. I need to keep EVERYBODY happy," she says. We live right around the corner and I was SO disappointed in this place and, most of all, the rude service, that I created this yelp account and wrote this review up the same evening. A positive thing to say about the place: it's a really cute Spanish style building w/ an amazing patio. But, save your money, angst, and time. Take a picture of the place and go elsewhere.