This was a mistake if i have ever made one. We had tickets to the 10:00Pm  showing of Avatar in Imax 3D at the palms and we ended up getting there early. We both had not eaten and after walking the floor at palms we decided that Mexican food sounded much better than McDonald's or any of the joints in the food court. " Wrong Again" we walked up to the hostess who was very nice and greeted us quickly and was ready to seat us, now if you have been to the palms you know how the seating works in this place, right as you walk in to the casino from the parking garage this place is to your right so you may know that the seating is somewhat open and does not ever really seem all that full; this was the case Saturday night, there was plenty of open seats and she still walked us back into this dark dungeonesque area. No more high ceilings, no more light, no music... It was like being sat in the cougar cage..... No offence to any of you good looking cougars out there but we got seated right in the middle of this room and a matter of moments from us being seated they put together a table for a party of 24 right next to us... Now i know that sometimes we exaggerate what right next to us means but this was really really close, so close that the lady who put the table together for them and seated them then walked by me and said sorry... so now, not only are we sitting in a dungeon, the echo of all the purring coming from the table of jungle cats was ridiculous loud and it smelled like we just walked into a saphora after a shipment of fragrances had been broken. So to the point.. Our food was ordered,  I ordered a Taco salad with Jalapeno vinaigrette and the lady ordered the taco sampler. 25 minutes later our waitress came to the table with our food.. One word says it all. HORRID. My tortilla shell was glistening like a fighter after 12 rounds, covered in grease and the lettuce looked as if they pulled entire leaves of lettuce off and stacked them in this grease bowl. Then piled ground beef on then and melted a slice of Kraft cheese on top. I got down maybe a quarter of it and called it quits, I could not handle the smell, the sounds, the service, it was all bad..The wife enjoyed one of her tacos and the rest was not that great... Avatar saved the night for us. I honestly feel that the popcorn and cherry Pepsi beat out the Gardunos slop by far.. I do not recommend this place.