This place is terrible! Overrated and expensive! We ended up at El Hefe's as the place we initially intended to eat at closed early for Mother's Day unbeknownst to us. After some discussion we decided on El Hefe's as I had been to the Scottsdale location on previous occasions and had nothing but good things to say, so I expected the same from the Mill location. Boy was I wrong! 

     When we first arrived we were told that for a party of 5 the wait would be about 25 min. Thankfully the wait ended up being much shorter and we got a table after about 5-10 min. After we were seated it took about 5 min before the waitress Brandi came over to introduce herself and take our drink orders. My mother and I ordered Margs. While my brother ordered a Corona and my two youngest siblings ordered lemonades. The lemonades and Corona came within 5 min while we waited about 15 for our Margs. 

It was about other 10-15min wait before our waitress came back to get our food orders. We ordered the Elote Dip, chips and salsa w/ guac, two fajitas, two blanco enchiladas, and a three taco plate. The Elote dip came first and it was not good. The taste was very bland, it basically tasted like pureed corn. It had no flavor what so ever. We were looking for our waitress to ask if we could trade it for another dip but she was nowhere to be found. So we pushed the dip to the side and waited for her return. About 10 min later she showed up and sked how things were we asked if we could trade the dip as it wasnt very good and she looked at us and said "well it's already been made." She must have seen the expressions on our faces because she quickly followed that up with a "I'll see what I can do". 

The chips and guac came out next and they were the best part of our meal. The salsa was fresh and the guac was good. 10 min later our waitress came back and advised that we could trade our awful Elte dip for something we hoped would be much better and it was. The quaso fundito we got instead was much better. 

The food came out a good 20min later. My enchiladas were very salty my moms had no salt. the tacos my sister had were terrible, but the fajitas my brothers ordered were good. We my mom and i wanted to send our food back but after the hassle we got about the dip decided it wasn't worth it. 

Then we got our bill. It came out to $156.00+!!!! I couldn't believe it! $156!!! for this crappy food!! Soo not worth it! What really got me upset was the 20% gratuity added to our bill. They tipped our crappy waitress $25! for what!!! She came to our table all of 3 times. There was a period of time were my little brother and sister sat with empty lemonades for over 15min because we couldn't find our waitress! She didn't earn a min. ti of 10%  let alone a very generous one of $25! Not to mention that at no time nor anywhere on the menu did they state that a 20% gratuity would be included! I would not recommend this place to anyone! we will def never be going back to this location. Save your money and eat somewhere else!