I don't really eat Mexican food that often.  I mean, I like it and all, but it's not my favorite.  So, to be fair, maybe this is the way that "good" Mexican food is supposed to taste, and my taste buds have been corrupted by the likes of Filiberto's.  

Anyway, my daily errands found me out in the far West Valley and hungry.  While driving, we happened to hear an ad for Arriba's touting their $1.99 chimichangas, and (un)lucky for us, it happened to be a Thursday and there was an Arriba's nearby.

*sigh*

We were seated immediately, which was good, but the waitress was immediately annoyed with us when we only ordered water with lemon.  That's what I always order when I eat out, just to save empty calories.  My friend wanted coffee, but we didn't think the coffee in a virtually deserted Mexican restaurant would be any good. 

When the waitress came back with our drinks, we asked her about the $1.99 chimichangas.  We wanted to know how big they were, because for the price, we figured they would be on the smaller side, so we needed to know if we should order one or two.  With an exasperated sigh she said "it's, like, a regular chimi."  

We told her that we had never been to this restaurant before, so we needed to know what that meant.  Again, she just said, "it's the size of a regular chimi."  

*bites tongue*

We asked her what was in it and she told us that they were filled with beef and topped with either red sauce (hot) or green sauce (not hot).

Even though I like a little spice to my food, I ordered the green sauce because I thought that even if it wasn't "hot," it would still be flavorful.  Besides, as with Thai food, I like to start out by ordering mild versions of the dishes, that way I know how the restaurant calibrates their spiciness meter and I'm not left with a dish that I can't eat, or at least won't enjoy.

While we were waiting for our lunch, we were noshing on chips.  We had two options of dip: a medium salsa and a bean dip.  The medium salsa was all right.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good, either.  It was just all right.  The bean dip was a little iffy.  The waitress told us that they make it fresh there at the restaurant, but the dip had an aftertaste to me, like, beans that had been fermenting in the pot too long and were on the verge of spoiling.  You know what I'm talking about?  Like, kinda sour-ish.  Ugh.  I'm making myself a little sick just thinking about it.

Anyway, my chimichanga with a side of rice arrived.  My first impression was, "Okay, this chimichanga is larger than I expected," and, "Why is the rice brown?"

Let me tell you about this grossness that they actually have the cajones to market as a "chimichanga."

First, it seemed like one huge tortilla that was wrapped around a little bit of... stuff... like, four times.  The outside was a light brown color, but it wasn't fried.  The other layers of the tortilla tasted like they were steamed, or something.  Ooh!  I know!  It was like when you nuke leftover Mexican food and the microwave leaves the tortillas kinda soppy and slimy - from the steam or whatever.  I can't be the only person who has experienced this, right?  

Anyway, ick.

Now, onto the "beef."

I have never seen anything like it!  The chimichanga did have something in it that could possibly pass for a meat-like substance, but it wasn't like any beef I had ever seen or tasted.  The outer edge of the meat was browned like you'd expect beef to be, but the interior portion was WHITE!  It wasn't pork and it had the texture of chicken.

*shudder*

Not that it matters at this point, but the green sauce had absolutely no taste.  I didn't know that "mild" = bland.

I'm sure this doesn't come as a surprise, but the rice wasn't good, either.  First, it was hard, and second, the only flavor it had was of black pepper. 

The only thing edible was the tiny bit of shredded lettuce and the five pieces of diced tomato that they used to garnish the plate.

Maybe it's me; maybe my palate lacks sophistication.  

I did, however, bring the food home to feed my dogs and they didn't eat it, either.  Seriously.

Just sayin'.