Food was good, but unfortunately we had a very poor experience on the service side. After receiving our check, I put down my credit card for payment. A few minutes later, the waitress came by to tell us that she managed to lose my credit card. Apparently she dropped it, and kicked it under a panel in the wall, and it was trapped underneath a huge radiator or some other machine inside the wall. 

Before I could even respond, she said "we're going to need another form of payment." They were still hoping to find the card, and people were actively trying to get it, but all she seemed to care about was getting me to pay a different way. No apology, no "I'm so sorry that you may have to cancel your credit card now," no "sorry this is a huge hassle and annoyance," just basically asking me to plop down another card or pay cash. When I explained that I'd like to use the card I already gave them, she copped an attitude and said "well it was an accident" in a not-so-nice way. Yeah, I get that, but an apology would be nice... I was pretty annoyed at this point and asked to speak with a manager. The manager didn't seem to be much better either. They did not sympathize with the fact that this could end up being a huge annoyance for me (for example, I am from out of town, and I had the hotel and rental car booked to that very same card). There was no offer of a free meal, a comped drink, or anything. 

Rather than cause a big scene, I eventually relented and gave them another card. We left the restaurant with the original card still in limbo. I planned on canceling it that night. The restaurant called about 30 minutes later saying they managed to find the card. When I went back, there was no apology for the hassle of coming all the way back. The manager seemed to just want to get me out of there as fast as possible. Mission accomplished I guess.

Prior to this, I have never in my life declined to leave a tip for a server. This was the first time. My mother used to be a waitress, and I know how hard of a job it can be. Even when the service is poor, I still tip. But in this case, I felt that the $15 I would have tipped would at least help pay for some of the mess. I would have been totally understanding if they were apologetic and nice about it, but everybody seemed more worried that I'd try to skip out on the check or something.