I have been living in Las Vegas now for 1.5 years. One thing that is very apparent is the competition in the trendy restaurant business. We have so many choices and the one thing they should all have a heightened awareness of is consistency, quality and outstanding, superior customer service.  Customer service is the one characteristic alone that we all know brings repeat business to a restaurant. This place certainly gives you a feeling of uncertainty.

  I never write reviews about restaurants but rather give my opinion by word of mouth.  To me it holds more value to personally tell someone an experience, there is a loss of interpretation from reading about it, however my experience at this place was totally beyond unacceptable.  So I had to create this account with YELP just so I could tell the public what a lousy, unfriendly, confusing experience I had.

1 )  First impression
After seeing the hand written sign in the window and waiting for months to try this place I am so disappointed I in my experience. When you walk in to the place there is no sense of direction as to where to start, where to order and no one to greet you or answer questions. Everyone is meandering around trying to figure out how to order their food, one customer asking another do I do?? If they wanted to convey the sense of wandering the streets of a foreign country with street vendors selling food; well they definitely accomplished their goal. I felt like I was at the Swap Meet in North Las Vegas. You have to be a leader and form your own line or be the one to tell everyone else what they have to do to order food, after 5 -10 minutes of deciphering the menu boards that are hung behind the cooks 

2)  The Food
 The tacos were below standard in taste. I had to try 2 of each and the flavors all blended together. There were no real distinct flavors between any of the meets except the Chorizo, it was ok but they are all very small.  I would have been much happier going to Super Burrito than to eat the greasy bland tacos at this place. .  A specialty dish Mole Smothered Fries was displayed with a 8x11 piece of paper, hand written with No Price, and no direction as to who takes the order. I inquired about the special to the closet server to the sign and he had to go ask someone else, he said What Special?? Finally a different server asks me what I needed so I had to repeat myself and he had to get someone else to get it. I did not have a good feeling about what I was going to get since they did not even know about the special. Needless to say it was the worst Mole I ever tasted and had enough salt in it to last me a month.
3) Customer Service & Price
So after eating some of the tacos and smothered fries I bought, I needed another beer. So I looked at my receipt and discovered I was charged $7.00 for a draft beer. I asked the cashier was there a mistake and she had to ask the bartender, he confirmed it was $7. he also said the bottle beer was $3.00 and it was happy hour. Well no one told me it was happy hour and it was not posted for anyone to see. But the one thing that was startling to me was that in the whole beer drinking world the normal Tap Beer  is served at happy hour prices.

So I ask for the manager and an insensitive young lady struts over to my table with an attitude and from her introduction has no manager or professional business skill to begin with.  I explained to her what the situation was and she walked away to reprint my receipt she returned only to reiterate what I already knew.  There was no apology for the lack of customer service from the cashiers not telling people it was happy hour and bottle beer was cheaper. There was no empathy but rather a unprofessional arrogant attitude. 

If I would have experienced one shred of concern or a slight sense or knowledge of customer service from anyone in that Tacos Y Tacos I probably never would have written this review. Yes it's fresh and it is grilled, but there is also Fresh and Crappy taste and service which this place exemplifies!!

 I am very familiar with excellent customer service and this place has failed to produce that quality and I will never go back, there is no value to what they serve.