TIP: READ UN-RECOMMENDED REVIEWS (in light gray under the recommended views) they more accurately describe the type of service and experience that this establishment has to offer.

My friends and I went here for brunch on a Sunday. We could feel the hipster-non-conformist-death-beams hitting the back of our necks as soon as we parked on Butler Street and the the glares didn't stop once we entered the establishment. Apparently caring about ones appearance is a crime warranting death in Hipsterville. I mean the people there stared at us as if they had a vested interest in the clothing we wore. I'm sorry that I didn't fit into the standards of pseudo-individualism that the Nazi hipsters have clearly tried so hard to establish throughout the neighborhood. 

Anyway, once we got around the pack of scowling hipsters standing in the front doorway (with their standard large black-rimmed glasses, unkempt hair, and rolled trousers) we made our way through the nearly pitch-black front room and to the open back patio. We stood for a minute or two feeling the palpable hatred of almost all of the other patrons (and some staff members) weighing down on us. We finally figured out that we would have to seat ourselves after several staff members pushed their way past us to get to the doorway. I have no problem seating myself, but I didn't expect to have to bring my own chair to the table. When my two heel-clad friends were finally able to pull up five chairs (while the rest of us viciously protected an empty table) we sat down to wait for a server. About 20 minutes after we entered the place someone finally addressed our group. Our first waitress threw down the menus and walked away without even offering to bring us water. It was hot so we flagged down another waitress and asked her for water, because the small water dispensers at the back of the patio were empty. We sat for another 15 minutes and the second server finally brought us water and took drink and food orders. After another 40 minutes we received our food, but the drinks came about 10 minutes later. I got the fish tacos from the brunch menu and thought that they were pretty good. Another friend got the Chorizo Scramble, which was almost void of potatoes although the menu clearly listed potatoes as a main ingredient. One of my friends got a virgin version of a beverage and was charged the same amount as the alcoholic version, but she didn't bother complaining. All in all the food was okay, but I've had better for less. The stares and AWFUL service had us wanting to run out of the place ASAP. Of course we couldn't leave, because our first server took another 20 minutes to bring out our checks which we quickly paid and went sprinting for the exit before the glares finally burned holes through our clothing. 

I WON'T BE GOING BACK!