I heard about this restaurant when I was visiting friends in Tucson, Arizona where I dined at El Charro restaurant.  Tucson is the Mexican Food capitol of the United States and one of the best restaurants (and there are many) is El Charro! El Charro has been in business since 1922 and for good reason.  I was so excited to see an article posted on the wall saying they just opened up in Las Vegas at the MGM Grand but under the name of Hechos En Las Vegas! I told my kids, my brothers, my sister and we had a group of 14 people very excited to finally have good Mexican food in Las Vegas.  The servers were very nice and we were excited to tell them that we were originally from Tucson and looking forward to the food.  The first sign that things were not going to taste like El Charro was the chips and salsa.  This was definitely not El Charro's salsa.  It was thick and had a hint of "tex-mex" in the flavor.  Then we got our menu's.  This was definitely not the menu I was expecting.  I had even called the original El Charro in Tucson and asked if it was their recipes and menu... and they told me yes.  Well, it appears to me that the Las Vegas crew thought they knew better than a 92 year old restaurant and they changed everything.  Which is ironic since our waiter told us that he previously worked at another Mexican restaurant in MGM and they closed it down.  Duh!  It probably sucked and yet they had the same crew make a bunch of changes to this Mexican food concept.  Everyone in our party said that their food was very dry.  They hardly put any enchilada sauce on the food. And my enchilada plate had some kind of pickled cole slaw/cabbage thing on it (what?) along with very dry Spanish rice and black beans.  Black beans?  This plate should have had the amazing re-fried beans that you finish eating with chips at the end of your meal because you just can't leave a drop on your plate.  To add insult to injury, our bill was $465! We had very below average Mexican food at 4 start pricing.  The only thing that was good was the guacamole that they made table side. Everything else was a disgrace to the El Charro name - at least they didn't use the real name of the restaurant they were supposedly modeling after!  Unless someone from the real restaurant comes in and changes everything soon, I predict that this restaurant won't last very long.