OK all you get two reviews in one:

As to the food and service:

My wife and I went to Joyride for her bday...   We sat outside and went about 6:30 PM.  The place was already very busy. (Good for them)   The dining area is very inviting,  it's both the bar scene and dining in one.  Presentation got high marks (5).  The drinks we got (from the bar while waiting for a seat) were both house specials and were good but not great.  We both ordered different drinks and we both felt compelled to change out for the next round.  The bar (3).

On to our dinner. We are both certified NTA (National Taco As.)  KCBS (Kansas City Barbeque As.) judges as well as doing other food judging so we speak from some base of knowledge as a minimum.

We ordered 4 different taco's and a second meat dinner with a couple of extras.  Clearly enough to judge.

For the tacos I'd give no better than a (2) because they were not sensational in any way and one was not good at all. They missed giving us one of our sides so service falls to a (2) as well.

Overall,  I would have been between a 2-3  on this and not wanting to drag them down it would have been a 3.

So WHY would you ask that I rated them a (1)???

Because my wife and I were BOTH bitten soo severely that it took a week with prescriptive ointments and drugs to deal with the rash of bites we got while having dinner.  We wrote to Joyride and provided pictures of the bites within two days of our visit to advise them of the issue and they did not even have the courtesy to reply.

Our letter DID NOT ask for anything in compensation for our troubles it was purely to advise them of the problems we had during our visit in hopes that no one else would have the issues we had.

As they have elected NOT to reply I felt the rest of you foodies should know.   They are busy today for sure,  but without improvements to the food and to customer care they don't have a long future.

Joyride,  you can be pissed at us if you like but this became a public matter because you forgot to care about your customers.  No one should have that experience and particularly not on a special day.

Lance...

11/6/2014   Within 24 hours of this posting I was contacted by the owners of Joyride.  What a personal letter could not do Yelp did in 24 Hrs.   I'll post anything meaningful after I chat with them.

11/14/2014  OK,  I have to say after a failed start on their part we connected.  The failed start was OK,  with me,  poor guy got in a wreck while talking with me. We talked the next day and  I have to say I was impressed that after he thought about it he was candid with me and said that they had our letter but had not replied.  They saw my post dug out the letter and I give them BIG PROPS for being honest about it.

I honestly think my voice was heard and although they had not contacted me I am convinced now that they were working on some changes before the two conversations I had with them.

Thanks Joyride for being honest with me.

Lance...