I am not typically one to write bad reviews unless a place is down right horrible. I prefer to praise establishments that really tickle my fancy. Tonight though as I sat for nearly an hour without a drink refill, I decided that I was going to break my own personal rule for review writing on yelp. :)

I went to Diablo's tonight to celebrate a friend's birthday. Our table wasn't ready yet so we went upstairs to get a drink and listen to some music. Two Dos Equis beers and a Diet Coke came to a whopping total of $18.39 (I decided to let this slide as I was reminded that "We are on The Strip.") To make matters worse, there was an almost unbearable stench.

They were finally ready for our group so we went downstairs to our table. We were five seats and several menus short for our group. Instead of bringing over another table, they graciously (There really should be a sarcasm font.) brought over additional seats, but no menus. As our very large group crammed into the tables, the birthday girl was left sharing the head of the table with 2 other people. When our server came over to take our drink order, we asked if we could add another table to our group to make room for everyone. I am sure about 20 managers had to be contacted to make this happen, but in the end we got our wish... That was about to be the extent of anything resembling customer service for the remainder of the evening. 

Here's the bottom line:
-The food was mediocre at best.
(The Jalapeno Chicken Tacos were bland. The Skirt Steak Nachos were just "okay." The only flavor the steak had was the taste of the charred bits off the grill. The $8 guacamole looked like a huge serving, but was really a much smaller serving atop several crushed tortilla chips. Chips and salsa are not complimentary, but rather an extra $4. The salsa was boring and really nothing to write home about. Lastly, the refried beans tasted like what I imagine Meow Mix must taste like.)
-The service was PATHETIC.
(We were only brought water refills after someone at our table finally had to ASK for it. Other beverages, such as soft drinks, were NEVER refilled. At one point in time, after being asked to bring refills, our server even came by with the water pitcher, but turned around to chat with a friend. When she was finally able to honor our request, she got distracted and only ended up refilling half of the water glasses at our table. She also never bothered asking any of us if we wanted another round of drinks or boxes for leftovers. Empty plates sat on the table for nearly an hour after we had finished eating. Out of frustration, we decided to look up some other reviews. Not surprisingly one of the first reviews we saw stated that the manager lacked a sense of responsibility or urgency when approached about other times when service was less than stellar. The worst part of all is that because our party was so large, we had no choice but to pay the 18% gratuity automatically added to our bill.)

I will NEVER return to Diablo's Cantina. They should be ashamed of both the lack of customer service as well as the lack of quality of the food they present to their customers. Unfortunately, I think this place is a perfect example of what happens when a business on The Strip forgoes attention to the quality of their product in an effort to just get as many tourists in and out the door as possible. They certainly are not looking for repeat customers or to impress locals who may return for a good time. It is sad that a restaurant like this will most likely stay in business simply because of their curb appeal.