I have been to three Arriba's locations. The original in Phoenix on Camelback, the one in Scottsdale near FLW and this one in Gilbert. The Phoenix location has always been GREAT in all areas, food, service, etc! I have been there so many times I couldn't even guess as to how many, in fact they should give me a life time supply of roasted chilies. When they opened the Scottsdale location I was surprised that the quality and flavor was the same, and really I have no complaints there either. 

However the Gilbert location is just bad, and I have given them a fair number of chances and it just seems to get worse.  

General repeating themes...

1.  The hostesses are not welcoming, Granted I don't expect them to wash my feet or anything, but at least act like i'm not interrupting your day.  

2. I won't say all, but at least a good portion of the wait staff seem to have real issues getting orders correct. Not sure what is going on there maybe it's the kitchen, either way it is frustrating. Especially when they act like it's you...On one of my last visits the manager was actually arguing with another customer about the fact that her drink glass was soapy. Why argue? Apologize and make it right.

3. The quality of the food here is definitely not on par with the other locations I have been to. Since the Chili Verde has always been one of my favorites I will pick on it...There is just something wrong with the way they make it at this location...Personally I think it is too much thickener, flour or cornstarch. The second time I encountered this I tried to fix it on my own by asking for a side of Hatch chili's instead of the default Jalapeño topper. That helped a bit, but the pasty undertone was still there. In the end what finally killed it for me going to this location was the last couple of times I was there the rice was just the worst. It was just mushy flavorless paste colored with a little tomato sauce. When I mentioned it I was told this is how it has always been??? Uh NO it has not!

4. The last item is admittedly nit picky and that is they don't bring out the hot salsa by default. They just bring the bean dip and mild salsa. Well I can excuse this as long as when I ask you bring it...No sense in wasting salsa that the local folks don't want. 

Bottom line...If you have a successful restaurant and start opening more locations, the first thing you better accept is that food consistency between locations is a must. Even the little things like what salsa to expect with your chips makes a difference, and when you have bigger problems the little things just add fuel to the fire. 

I hope Arriba's head office sees these posts and cracks the whip at this location! I love the other locations and would really like to be able to visit one close to home...