Ok, so the grand opening hasn't even happened yet for this place, but sorry Im gonna miss it.  Not...

A group of eight of us show up tonight for "dinner" and drinks.  We get seated way the hell in the back.  I guess we didn't fit in with the rest of the crowd.  Two graphic designers, three filmmakers, a photographer and some friends.. ok?  The reason I point this out is that the waiter lets us know that this place isn't that classy of a place like LeBoca, so the people are.. well... less classy? The guy was digging himself a hole.

So we order drinks, which seem to take about 10minutes to get to our table.  In the mean time we're looking at our menu and the waiter leaves again for about 10min... he finally shows up and we order from this tiny little menu.   My girlfriend and I order some tacos and chips with guacamole, everyone else orders something a bit similar.  

Conversation is picking up while we wait for our food.  I see people coming and going and that's when we notice that our food is taking too damn long.  Finally after eating our small plate of chips and guacamole our food arrives. Probably about 45min later.  Here's the best part....

So the food shows up and after waiting for 45minutes, we get these tiny little tacos that look like they are from the menu of a 2 year old.  That's right.. each of the three tacos are literally two bites at most each.  Everyone eats their dinner in about 5minutes max..  pathetic.

After our tiny little dinner, we ask for our bills..The waiter doesn't think to bring all our bills at once, no.. instead he brings one or two at a time. Guess he wants us to stick around? Who knows.. Finally the two filmmakers get their bill, pay and they leave.. couple other of our friends do the same.  My friend and I stay with our other friend who's still waiting on his bill.  He gets it and notices that his $15 meal was just charged $30 on his credit card.  He complains and the waiter vanishes for about 20minutes to fix his card.  When he comes back he gives some crap about fixing it and giving him a credit.. guess how much? Oh about 50 cents.. 

He signed the slip and the remaining three of us left this crappy place.

The place actually does look pretty cool.  Too bad the service sucks and the food is barely appetizer quality at best.