Where do I begin...I guess I will start by saying that Sandbar Desert Ridge has lost a customer and the 12 people that came to celebrate my Birthday. I reserved a table for Super Bowl Sunday which was my Birthday on 02/01/15. My first issue was walking up to the door of Sandbar and the lady saying that there was a $5 cover charge. I tell her that I have a reserved table and wasn't told that I have to have a $300 minimum on top of a $5 PER PERSON cover charge. She says we just decided to charge a cover charge BUT it will be deducted from your tab. I say ok since it will be deducted. (Issue #1)

When I called and talked to Justin the "VIP Host" over a week prior to my Birthday he asked me how many people am I expecting...I said probably 8-10 and he said ok. He never mentioned the amount of chairs allotted per table. I get there as planned at 2pm on Sunday and the table is all the way in the corner in the back. Barely no one was at the other reserved tables yet so I ask to move tables. I guess the waitress felt like she needed Justin "The VIP Host" and he comes over and doesn't say hello or nothing just goes into NO YOU CANT MOVE TABLES and I told you over the phone that the tables seat 6. I said No, you didn't and he proceeds to say yes he did. (Issue #2) So, I notice my attitude turning the wrong direction on my birthday so I decide to let it go. Also, had we left he would have still charged me for the $300 minimum on my credit card. I was pretty much stuck between a rock and a hard place. So, I let it go and proceed to enjoy my Birthday. The staff was super slow. Justin the "VIP Host" was super rude. Oh yea, so as I am leaving to my car the waitress runs me down talking about I have a tab for $50 and we didn't meet the $300 minimum. Now, between 12 people everyone's tab was well over $55 EACH how did we NOT hit the minimum? Plus, my guests bought my drinks so how did I have a $50 tab? Oh yea, the waitress once again ran and got Justin when she chased me outside and brought him to my car because I told her once again that the lady at the door said that all of the cover charges would b deducted from the tab. Justin told me that I wasn't told that and he is not talking to me anymore and turned his back to me. (Issue #3) My friend just ended up paying for it but I will be calling today to talk to a Manager about all the discrepancies.  I have never been treated so horrible by a restaurant that should be catering to its customers. From the moment we walked in I was in a bad mood by the unprofessionalism of the staff at Sandbar Desert Ridge.