I don't particularly go for these themed places, but it looked inviting. Beyond the cover was another story. There was approximately 20 people occupying 4 tables and about half a dozen people at the bar. So when we sat down I kind of expected to be greeted quickly. That didn't happen, what did was kind of odd. Grabbed our seats and looked around for our server, what we saw were 2 bartenders 1 barback  and the manager all standing at the bar next to us and over the 10 minutes our waitress whom walked by twice to serve the table behind us never said hello, none of them did. What we received were some mean mugs when we glanced in their direction as if we should have went somewhere else. The manager was the best, I made eye contact with this large buffoon several times and he didn't budge. I was sure it was because he would break out in a sweat if he had to stop holding up the bar. They however were all in uniform though....sleeve tattoos. Every employee at this restaurant had a sleeve tattoo, I guess it's a requirement to work there or something. Don't get me wrong I have nothing against tattoos, a sleeve or not I don't care. What I care about is the "I'm a tough guy" attitude that is issued with it, and seems like they can't be courteous enough to walked their tattooed ass over to us and ask us if we need a drink!
  Finally our server stopped and took our order, which mine was the chicken fajitas. When it came out it oddly looked like steak fajitas.....didn't want to rock the boat especially since it was a food runner that gave it to us not our waitress. She however did come by with another waitress to let us know that she would be taking over for her. So that was the last time I saw our "new" waitress until it was time to pay the bill. The best part was they were all standing over at the server station yacking it up, even our waitress who was supposedly leaving. No one there seemed to a have a sense of urgency or ability to understand what customer service means. I guess this place is making so much money that they just flat out don't give a s...