I really wanted to love this place, but it was one of the most disappointing experiences I've ever have ever had in a restaurant. I celebrated my birthday there with 25 people, and not only would we never go back, but we would never recommend it to anyone again, especially groups. The food was great, but the service was so bad, and the management's failure to take any responsibility at all makes this a 1-star maximum experience.

We arrived at 6:45, and almost immediately noticed that the waitress servicing our tables was woefully understaffed (she was servicing at least 6 large groups). It took 15-20 minutes just for chips and guacamole to come out, forgetting about any drinks. When we arrived, I let the waitress know that it was critical that we were out of the restaurant by 8:15 - we had an event immediately afterwards (and this is mexican food - an hour and a half is reasonable). Additionally, I let her know to take the food orders first, because that typically takes the longest.

We placed our food order at 7PM, followed shortly after by drink orders. The drinks took a half hour to 40 minutes to come out (multiple drinks were delivered to the wrong people) - I finally had to follow up with the hostess and ask what was going on, because I couldn't even find the waitress. I'm sorry, but 40 minutes to get a ginger ale doesn't fly with me - it's inexcusable. 

At 7:45 I asked her to process the checks for all tables (we had 5 tables, so 5 checks) so we can make sure we are out for 8:15. At 7:50, I'm really getting nervous - not one plate of food has come out. The first plate didn't arrive till 8:05, and it took another 40 MINUTES for them to bring out the last check. The last portion of the group wasn't out until 8:50 - over a half hour late to our next event causing us precious time.

The worst part of the whole experience was that the manager refused to comp or acknowledge anything was wrong. I asked multiple times to speak to the general manager and the hostess and waitress flat out refused. The restaurant offered a meek apology and blamed the kitchen, when it was clearly not their fault (especially for drink orders).

Long story short, if you're in a big group, avoid this place like the plague.