There isn't an option for less than one star so in order to leave a review at all, I guess I have to give them one. 
First off, I called all around Tempe and Chandler looking for a place that would take a reservation for the boxing match. El Hefe gladly took the reservation over the phone - the customer service had me really smiling at that point! We were told that the reserved tables are usually expected to spend about $200 between food and drinks, sounded pretty reasonable for two couples who love boxing, food and beer so we took it. Our waitress was super good to us and the food runners were on top of things. 
One huge problem that started to trash the night was when one of the security staff demanded to remove us from our reserved table and argued with my boyfriend about it - all the while our cups and plates had been cleared! We had been there at the same table for two hours, simply got up to use the restroom and came back to that. 
The place was packed naturally, so we had to pretty much "defend" our space from others who didn't have a table. 
Minutes after the fight ended I got my tab back - $356!!!! $150 over what I was quoted multiple times over the phone. While trying to add up the difference and figure out what a "table surcharge" is, our table was being cleared and broken down right in front of us. I tried to at least get my cup of water back from the guy and he was a total snot and kept it anyway. It was a huge rush to get us out of there, like we were in a cattle barn. 
After finding a spot to speak with the guy who took my reservation, without having to scream over the music, he finally came back with a tab for $225. Fine, it's the amount we agreed upon anyways. I check my bank statement today and find out I got charged the $356 anyway!!!! I never signed for the larger tab, only the small one, still tipped our waitress and thanked the manager for lowering the bill - seriously??? How can I still get charged whatever they felt like?? Needless to say we won't be giving them any more business; they have enough for a few families on my tab alone. I wonder how many times that's happened??