I say I will never return after waiting 1.5 hours to eat mediocre food, but I do it anyway, Maybe it is me hoping that It will be better the next time I go. It was as disappointing as the last 8 times have been there!

Had friends in town visiting and they wanted to meet and eat there. We got there with a large group, and was told if we call an hour ahead of time, we would be OK. Wrong! It was a Saturday night and of course it was busy. So I understand that. The wait is not bad because of the bar outside, but $3 for chips and salsa? $21 for a pitcher of Ice and Sangria (more ice)? luckily there are comfy seats to consume the overpriced drinks with a bunch of grouchy hungry people! 

Finally a gentleman from our group went in and said we would squeeze into a corner booth if they let us. That is what we did. I did not mind the squeezing, actually it was kinda fun. But after we ordered the drinks and then waiting for a waiter who was a smart ass - It was getting old. 

The interior is cool, the booths are an old carved wood and with all the crap on the walls, you know there is some history. The patio is comfy in the springtime, but feels like the owners took their old patio furniture to work. There is plenty of places to sit, but it is someway awkward. Careful, You might turn an ankle on the patio with all the chairs.

Ordered the Blue Corn Chicken Enchiladas with Red Chile. I know this place is not a New Mexican style place. My family roots are in New Mexico and I know what is Hot and good New Mexico cooking. So I do not know why I expected that from my order. The food came and is was not a heaping large portion of rice and beans and entree like you normally get. I thought that was chincy. 

I dug into the meal and found the tortilla to look like it was a dyed blue, not a real blue corn tortilla! My wife's order came with rice and she barely got a spoonful portion. WTH? Where was the meat? The rice use to be hot too, but someone must have raised hell that it made all the food so spicy that there was no flavor. Now it is a normal mexican food place boring rice. Although spicy, everyone was on the clean plate club, not because it was not good, but because we were starving! 

One person in the group ordered the Tamale, and it looked REALLY GOOD! She said it was good. 

Dinner at 6:30 - it was not going to happen. We finally left at 9:45!
Everyone left kinda disappointed. I left muttering the same words... never again!