WORST DINING EXPERIENCE EVER! 
We made reservations for Mundo Restaurant after a glowing recommendation by a good friend. After days of anticipation my wife and I finally had a date for my birthday - just the two of us. 

We were sat at a table for two next to a pillar by the bar. The first thing I noticed was that my fork on the table was filthy. It looked as though someone had dipped it into melted cheese, took a lick and decided it was too hot to eat so they left it to cool down on the table. EEWW. Strike ONE!!! 

Our server finally came after waiting almost 10 minutes, and asked if we wanted something to drink. Before we ordered our drinks, I asked if he was the server we had requested on our reservation. He replied with a stiff 'NO" and told me the server we were looking for had the day off, OK I thought, no big deal. We were just told to ask for that server because he was a friend of a friend. 

While looking through the menu, my wife asked if any of the entrees were not spicy. He replied, "This is a Mexican restaurant, everything will have some spiciness to it." OK, not the response my wife and I were expecting. Strike TWO!!! We finally ordered our food on his suggestion that the entree, carnitas, would not be too spicy for my wife, and I ordered the sea bass. The server asked if we wanted chips and salsa and my wife and I said "sure". He hollered to someone from there to bring some chips and salsa. 
A few minutes later we received the chips and salsa which were stale and had powdered chili on them. HELLO! 

Our appetizer of calamari was bland. It had two different sauces with it. One which was green and was OK. My wife asked that person who dropped off the chips n salsa, if she could order a frozen drink. She rarely drinks and I guessed she wanted to loosen up a little. The server came over after quite a while and said that they did not have a blender behind the bar to make frozen drinks with. Strange I thought but - whatever. No suggestions on anything else, just sorry no blender. My wife's vegetarian tortilla soup that she had ordered on the servers recommendation that it would not be spicy, was brought with a wonderful presentation by a friendly and sincerely happy young man. Unfortunately the soup was more like a tomato broth. She did not like it - and it was spicy. 

Our entrees came out and dropped off. No one asked if we needed anything else at the moment, if we could use another drink, not even a simple "Enjoy". My seabass was wrapped in some kind of parchment paper. Smelled pretty good, but was too spicy even for me who enjoys spicy food. My wife's carnitas she said was OK, also had some kind of salad to one side which on her first bite made her turn red and cry. She exclaimed "This is SPICY!" The server walks by and I tell him that he had said her dish would not be spicy. His response was, "Oh just be careful with that," pointing at the salad, "it has slices of Habanero in it." I couldn't believe it. The spiciest chili in the world, maybe, was on my wife's plate. And no sorry no nothing. Horrible. 

It came to dessert, and my wife mentioned that we were there celebrating my birthday and the server went into a verbal list of desserts. I think the banana thing sounded OK but I didn't catch it all. My wife wanted the flan and I asked for an after dinner cordial, which the server didn't know if they had or not so he went to check. 

The flan came out with a candle which was cool, but the drink didn't arrive 'till we were pretty much done with the flan - But the bad part about it was that the drink was not what I wanted at all. I tasted it and was very disappointed that the server just left it and didn't tell me that they didn't have what I wanted and assumed that I wouldn't know what he had brought to the table. The server finally came over after about 7 minutes and when l asked, if he had brought out what I had asked for and saw that the drink was still full, he said - "No, but this is better, it's one step up from the other one." I looked at him and said I didn't want it. 

To make it worse, my wife and I couldn't enjoy the rest of the night because we ended up getting sick. We were still burping up the food the next day at lunchtime. A horrible experience all around. So much so that I normally give places a second chance but am 99% sure this will be a first time no go again. The food was OK but not for the price, the service was the worst I have ever experienced. I tried to post something on their website but even their site was not accessible.