I was pretty excited when I saw that a new mexican food place had opened, especially one that advertises breakfast items.  I finally got a chance to try Fuzzy's today for lunch and I am sad to report, that I left disappointed and even a little horrified at how bad their food is.

Part of the reason I was initially excited about this place was the menu.  They have a pretty nice variety of food listed.  The staff at the registers is friendly and helpful enough, offering to answer any questions that we may have.  Prices are pretty decent, especially for a place located on Mill Avenue.   

I ordered their taco plate with mexican rice and refried beans, while my friend ordered their enchilada plate with "latin fried potatoes" and borracho beans.  We topped it off with an order of chips and salsa.

We were then instructed to take our receipt to the back of the establishment, where there was a service counter.  Chips were to be picked up there, along with our order when ready.  There is quite a bit of available seating and the establishment as a whole seemed cleaned.

Between the register and the soda fountain is a display case with assorted "Fuzzy's Taco Shop" merchandise in it -- including a shirt that states "If it looks like a taco and smells like fish, it must be a good meal."

That pretty much sets the tone for the remainder of the visit, as well as some insight into where they got their name from.

We picked up our chips, which are not freshly made, but decent enough.  They come served in a basked with some type of seasoning sprinkled over the top. Different, but not horrible.  The salsa is served warm.  Again, it tasted okay, but odd. 

As we ate our chips and waited for our lunch, we were regaled with the individual running the mic at the food pick-up counter chumming it up loudly with co-workers, as well as occasionally chatting on the mic, announcing things like the current temperature.  

Our food was finally ready; we picked it up and dove in.  

The food is... bad.  Pre-processed, pre-packaged full-on crap.  The taco shells are no different than the type you'd buy at your local grocery store.  The "special ground beef" tasted chock-full of textured soy protein.  The borracho beans were analogous to cracking open a can of pinto beans, dumping them into a bowl and then mixing in some oil and thin slivers of bacon -- nasty.

The rice.  Well, it's worthy of it's own entry here.  Their rice is the kind of rice that would drive Gordon Ramsay crazy.  Best thing I can compare it to is par-boiled minute rice.  Terrible.  Spanish/mexican rice should be a keystone dish for any mexican themed food vendor. When they clearly don't even make their own rice, it's a sure sign of lazy, dis-interested ownership with no passion for food.  

Ultimately, we ended up leaving a good portion of our food on the plates.  We will not be returning.  In a place like Arizona where good quality mexican food can be had for a good price all over the valley, I'll be quite surprised if this taco shop, which borrows it's name from slang for female genitalia, lasts more than six months.