Of all the Restaurants and bars I have been to over the years here in Arizona, none has such consistently bad service as San Felipe's. Sadly, this location is a great one for a Mexican Restaurant, however they simply do not provide service. At no point do I think they even explain what service actually IS to new hires. Service, in this case, is a fable, a myth.....not real. 

THE PAST 3 TIMES my fiance and I have come to eat/drink here, we sat down for around 10+ minutes as servers walked right by us. They were busy and packed as usual, but still, come on....10 minutes and no one even comes by? Within a couple minutes, you would think someone would at least tell us "hey, I'll be right with you, I am so sorry we are SWAMPED!" My fiance is a waitress, and she can't comprehend the consistent approach they take to NOT LOOKING FOR US. We quietly waited the last time with our hands in our laps expecting someone to come up. Our gaze into the distance just screamed "we are ready to be served", and no one came. It was the final, annoying, straw.

We are extremely patient, needless to say. I do not complain ever to a business about bad service because I rarely receive it. And I definitely never make a fuss, we are not going out to eat to get free handouts for bad service. We have tried to give them our business, but not anymore. How could we? They place no emphasis on us and how we feel. The wait staff  prefer instead to flirt with the guys they are serving to get bigger tips, it happens constantly, and its blatant. Even worse, they park themselves and sit down to talk to their current table, while we sit here waiting to be helped. I do not plan on EVER coming here again.

I do not say that often. I gave this place so many chances to get better, and it got worse. This one let me down big time. I don't rate a place as badly as this unless they deserve it. But honestly, the food is not worth waiting in the first place. Its not traditional and the dishes are fatty Tex-Mex without much thought put into it. I can think of at least 15 other cantinas whom would provide better service, better happy hour specials, and much better food.

 I hope management changes their service focus. It seems there is none at this point, so nowhere to go but up, LOL.   If they do and I see fellow Yelpers giving the OK, I might try back. I'll patiently wait and see...