We decides to check out San Felipe's to satisfy a fish taco craving. It always looked pretty busy having walked by on other occasions.  Since we were planning on seeing a movie, it seemed convenient.

We should've followed our instincts and turned around when we saw the skankily dressed and over made up waitresses smoking outside the back door.

We were given the option of inside, bar, or outside. We opted for outside, and loved the cell call service for when the table was ready. There was no mention or indication of there being a band on the patio.   The hostess put us on the same side of a sticky picnic table. We had to move a couple of smokers who were sitting on top of the table before we could sit down. Note, WE had to,the hostess did not. At that point we realized a band was about to start playing.  Luckily we were able to get prices and place a drink order before the screeching started.

The drinks and our appetizer of chips and salsa came quickly, but our waters did not.  The music was so loud we couldn't even focus on reading the menu.  We asked to be moved inside, and the waitress obliged. The hostess (also the manager?) came out to move us, and made it clear in her facial expressions that we were severely inconveniencing her. She took us inside, and I caught her rolling her eyes at a waitress as she re-seated us. 

About 15 minutes later, we finally had a waitress approach us. During this time we had discussed dropping some money on the table and leaving, but we were too hungry and figured the experience could only get better from here.  We couldn't have been more wrong.

First request, the water we hadn't gotten yet.  We immediately placed our order, and it came out about 10 minutes later.  It was dropped by a surly food runner with zero personality. Water?  Still missing.  I was stuck sipping my weak margarita and by boyfriend had nearly finished his beer.

When we were halfway done with our lukewarm meals, the waitress came to check on us.  Was she carrying water?  Nope.  Finally she followed through on something and brought them.

During this time we were subjected to the horrible music coming in from outside.  I'm fairly certain the band's singer was both tone deaf and unable to keep a beat.  I have heard better music at last call in a backwoods karaoke bar.

The baja sauce was disgusting. It's basically watered down mayo with a little hot sauce mixed in.  I should've taken to heart their sign that said "if  the food doesn't meet your standards, lower your standards."

Well, we finished our meal and waited for our check....for nearly 25 minutes. Between the bad music, bad food, and bad service, we nearly left without paying. Its clear nobody would've noticed.  Since we have manners, I got up and asked the 4 waitresses standing around at the entry for our check, since our's was MIA. They scurried off, and I assumed they were finding her.  After ANOTHER 10 minutes, she finally showed up with the check. 

AND she had the nerve to say "see you guys next time!" Never again.  Save your time, save your money, save your ear drums. Avoid San Felipe's Cantina.