I don't even know where to start with this review except to say that this is, hands down, the worst restaurant experience I have had since I moved to Scottsdale a year and a half ago.

A friend planned a post-work happy hour here with a large group of friends (7 total), with most of us arriving around 5:30PM. Before being seated, as we arrived a little early, my boyfriend and I found seats after the bar. After a short wait, the bartender came over and served us each a Corona, which was the only reason this place got a star at all.

Once our friends arrived, we were seated in a large booth with an adjoining table. Our waitress was kind, but ineffective at her job. Repeatedly, she walked away from our table mid-sentence or once we'd asked to order. Being new to Los Olivos, I decided to stick with a relatively safe entree: nachos with chicken. She asked me if I'd like to add guac and sour cream and when I said "sure", she informed me that each item was a THREE DOLLAR upcharge, and that the basic nachos (cheese, jalapenos) with chicken were $14.95, meaning the resultant nachos with guac were going to be almost $18!! When I saw a menu and realized that only cheese and jalapenos were on the nachos, I called her back over and asked to cancel the order altogether so that I could get something else. She said that they were already done and she would charge me $15.95 with the guac because "some of the prices in the computer are wrong". Okay, I ordered them, they're nachos, how bad can they be, right?

Wrong. Ten minutes after she told me that they were done, they came out with the rest of the food. The base chips were greasy and covered with what appeared to be dried up shredded cheese, melted 10-15 minutes ago. You couldn't even get a chip without it breaking off from the baked-on cheese. The chicken was dry, and had no moisture. Yes, the portion was large, but that doesn't matter when the food is inedible. I -never- send food back or refuse to eat it (seriously, I could probably count on one hand the number of times that's ever happened to me in my life) and I -LOVE- nachos... but these were terrible. The entire rest of the table shook their heads in apology, and even when I offered them up, no one else wanted any.

At the end of our meal, I approached the ticket counter to pay and told the young girl there "Look... I ordered these, so I'll pay for them. But you need to know... those chicken nachos...", then she finished my sentence "Were terrible? Yeah, I know... They're bad! You should try something else next time!" I said "I'm just going to be honest, there's not going to be a next time here. This was really, really bad." She took my card and ran it (for $20, with the automatic gratuity) and told me to have a nice day. No apology, no offer to let me speak to the manager to at least make them aware of the food quality... just an acceptance that she KNEW they were awful and then swiping my card.

So, that's it for Los Olivos. They're my first one star review, and I have to tip my hat to them because they really earned it. The rest of our table all had reasonable experiences, but this was enough to turn me off of them for good. (Except their tiny $20 margarita pitchers... which the entire table thought was a rip off. $27, if you want strawberry.) Save yourself the trouble, go to Dos Gringos, Loco Patron, or any of the much better places with decent service to boot. At least they take decent care of their customers and will care about the experience.