This is going to be one of the hardest reviews I will ever do! Rio Mirage have been our family favorite since we moved to Surprise three years ago. Yes, it started off with a bump in the road. But this local gem have seen us three to four times a month on a regular bases! Every time we have family visiting, we would bring them to Rio Mirage! This is how much we have loved this place! Sadly, we had a recent issue. And if any of you yelpers out there think I am in the wrong? Please do not hesitate and message me! 
On Jan. 31st, wife and myself was having dinner at Rio Mirage. We noticed a posted sign advertising a Superbowl platter @ $29.95 each. My wife knowing her work was going to have a company party on Feb. 10th. She decided to order five platters, large rice, large beans,  salsa, and chips. Totaling over $400.00, we asked since she was paying for the order that day. Can we get the Superbowl special price? We were told no! Rio Mirage said the platters special were for the Superbowl only. Since the company party was a week after the Superbowl, we had to pay regular price. Even though she paid before the Superbowl?My wife went ahead and placed the order, and still pre-paid the order. Now this is were we are upset about! I have called Rachel Gomez who owns Rio Mirage, and is their corporate contact twice and left a voice mail, I have left two messages on their website, I have sent Rachel an e-mail. All of this since Feb. 1st. As of today! Feb. 12th, we still have not received any replies from Rio Mirage!! This really saddens me, the crew they have working their is great! Always nice, fast, and really try to service you! We have gotten to know JC! The best waiter around, he also tends the bar! But now we have a very bad taste from the management and owners. Regular price on the platters are $40.00 each. Not making a big deal about the $10.00 difference per platter. But a $50.00 difference is not going to make or break this restaurant, Our biggest issue is no one every got back to us about this?
At the bottom of their "About Us" page on their website states:

"Alex and I will always strive to deliver the best food, service, and truly desire to make your every visit a memorable one."

Rachel! With you ignoring our phone calls, messages, and e-mails. This is one statement you truly do not believe in!