I hadn't been to Frank & Lupe's for more than a year when I met a potential client there for lunch today.
I don't embarrass easily...just look at the fact that I post my actual picture on my Yelp profile. I come from stout Norwegian stock (you want to talk about an internal compass that is seldom right but never uncertain and always unconcerned, it's the good Norwegian wood - gratuitous Beatles reference - that I spring from).
But, jeez, I was embarrassed today!
I remember this place as being better than this! Do I have early onset "old-timers" disease? Is my fondness for happy hours just the beginnings of a craving for "early bird specials"? I don't know.
I got there a few minutes early and was seated and got chips and salsa (both the regular and the hot..I like the hot, but you never know about other peoples taste). So far so good...decent chips and decent salsa, although I seem to remember the chips being warm the last time I was here.
It went downhill from there. My lunch meeting arrived and we chatted as we waited for our server to come and take her drink order...and waited...and waited. He finally looked at us (could it have been my frantic waving?), and dropped by the table to find out what all the fuss was about. Took her drink order and asked what we wanted  for lunch. We hadn't decided and that earned us a sniff and spin, and off he went. Another server brought her drink and we looked at the menu's while we talked business and waited for our server to return...and waited...and waited.
I just want to iterate that it just wasn't that busy today...maybe 12-15 total tables, in and out, with 3 servers, so not a heavy load. Our server finally returned after another stint of waving (I had my workout this morning, but I got in a little extra upper body at F&L). 
He took our orders and we waited...and waited.
My fish taco's came out, and we waited for my lunch companions Holy Mole'...and waited...and waited. 5 minutes and I motioned to him (less waving this time...he was looking anxiously between us and the kitchen by now). I asked him to take my order back to the kitchen and keep it warm until both orders could be brought out together...he didn't. Instead he said the mole was coming right out, which it did (if by "right out" he meant 4 minutes from now).
This might have all been OK, if the food had been what I thought I remembered...it wasn't...it was worse...way worse.
The fish in the taco's was not fresh...little tiny chunks of fish that clearly came out of a can. I tried all three tacos, and there was some variation in the flavors, but not from the fish.
The mole may have been worse. I don't know, but for someone who was looking forward to the mole to give up after a half dozen bites was not a good sign.
You know, it's never a good idea to have a prospective business relationship see you switch into full jerk mode over something as trivial as a crappy lunch (although I was sorely tempted), so I paid the bill, we continued our conversation and I will probably not get to pick the restaurant the next time we dine together. 
But it was a successful lunch in the business sense.
I try to "vote local" with my dining and entertainment dollars, and I don't expect perfection, but could some of these places at least try? Canned fish in the tacos...really?!?!?! I don't think my memory is faulty...I think it was better, and I know I was looking forward to having lunch there today.
Jeez...this was embarrassing!