I used to love this place, and even thought it was better than Chipotle until the last few times I went here.  Last Friday I decided to stop in after work and pick up two steak salads for dinner.  For one, the staff doesn't listen to a word you say and you're constantly having to repeat yourself which is really annoying.  I was watching the employee make my salad and noticed that she barely put any rice in the salads, so i asked for extra rice.  She moves onto the steak and she barely put any steak on the salad, which highly annoyed me.  I would've asked for extra steak but I knew they would charge me for it.  The next employee who handled all the other condiments was super slow and didn't listen worth a shit.  I told him easy on the lettuce and his idea of easy and mine are too seperate things.  I always ask for two extra dressings because we love it that much, and we always know that there is an extra charge for it which is fine.  I get up to the register and my jaw almost dropped at the cost, it was $26 for two salads.  Two salads that barely had any meat, very skimpy on the condiments, the tortillas were like rubber, and there was more lettuce than anything else.  I was in a rush and just wanted to get home after a long day at work.  I reviewed my receipt and noticed they charged me extra for the rice, which highly pissed me off.  My fiance called them and asked them if they charge for extra rice and he was told that since we both had rice and beans they will charge you for an extra side if you request extra rice and/or beans.  That is absolutely ridiculous!  I know for a fact that rice and beans aren't that expensive, especially when you're buying in bulk.  For shits and giggles we went to their website and put together an online order, and we made sure to ask for extras and we were shocked at the prices they are charging people.  Here's the breakdown of what all the "extras" condiments will run you:

Sour Cream +$.59
Guacamole +$1.99
Cheese +$1.00
Chip Strips +$1.00
Pinto Beans +$1.00
Black Beans +$1.00
Shredded Cheese +$2.00
Rice +$1.00

Steer clear of their guacamole because they let it sit out for too long, and then the guacamole turns a lovely brownish-green color.  

Don't even waste your time voicing your issues with the manager.  He's useless, rude and needs to get off his Cafe Rio high horse.  He once talked shit to me because I told him that I didn't want a lot of lettuce on my salad.  He scoffed at me and said, "What's the point in even getting a "salad" if you don't want lettuce on it?  It's kind of stupid, don't you think?"  I let that snide remark slide and still decided to return, but after this last visit I'll never return.

The reason why I gave this place 1 star is because they don't have an option for 0 starts.  I think this place sucks and I think that they're knickle and diming their customers.  

We'll stick with Chipotle where you can get as much extra rice and beans as your little heart desires.  Plus, I can feed two people with a bag of chips w/ salsa & guac, two burrito bowls with extra meat for $21.