Okay here we go. 

The first time I went here right after it opened, I was seated quickly, service was great, and what I can remember of the food was positive.

Because I remember the experience as fairly positive, I wanted to go back with my wife. The first time we tried, it was closed (think it was a Monday). The second time we tried, it was closed... don't remember what day it was - and not the fault of the restaurant really, just unfortunate. The third time we attempted, it was open and packed. We stood in the main waiting area for 15 minutes and not one person approached us... they just ignored us and walked on by. We decided to go across the street instead. We attempted a fourth time, and had the exact same experience as the third time. We decided that we were done with this place.

Last night we were looking for a place to eat dinner, so we decided to give it one more chance. They were open, and had seating near the bar, and on the sidewalk in front of the building; however, you don't get table service out there - they will bring your food, but you have to go inside for everything else. I can deal with that, whatever. We got a few drinks while we were waiting for our food, and not only were they expensive, they were small, and they were not very good. They used a syrup to make it, and you could tell. Very disappointing considering how nice it was outside, and how cool the location is. It'd be a really great place to sit and have several drinks.

So our food came out. We had the Chorizo tacos and the fish tacos w/ some chips and salsa. The chips and salsa were actually pretty good; however, the tacos were just terrible... and expensive. There was absolutely no flavor in fish tacos, and they were fried. No tasty sauces, and you couldn't even pick out the flavor of the cheese... it was just all very bland. As for the Chorizo tacos, they were a little better only because they had seasoning; however, the meat itself tasted off. We're still debating on if it was actually pork sausage, or fake meat flavored to taste like Chorizo - it said Mexican Pork Sausage on the menu. Needless to say, it was anti-food.

The worst part of all is that with 4 tacos, chips and salsa and two drinks, and tip the bill was Roughly $40!

My suggestion is to go to Mexico City for tacos/drinks. They have 2 locations downtown, and I think they just opened one in the South Side. I go there for lunch pretty often. Their tacos taste amazing, and are significantly cheaper and you get complimentary chips and salsa (and least the first round is complimentary). I know the one on Wood St. downtown has a bar, and I imagine the one on the South Side would have to. The locations downtown certainly aren't as cool and the Cantina's location, but if the food, drinks, service and prices suck why does the location even matter?