Let me premise this by saying, I understand everyone can have a bad day and I am huge advocate for giving the benefit of the doubt when it comes to the service industry, but I lost my appetite on this one.  This is by far the worst service I have ever experienced in my life and I have eaten here a few times but only sat in the bar.  The food is amazing but the service was horrific! The hostess let us sit right in front of her for 20 minutes and watching other parties get seated (that came after us), I asked how long for our table, she stated that she sat us already, clearly she didnt we were still in the lobby and sitting less than 5 feet from her.  Once sat, the waiter told us it is going to be a while before he can get to us, the restaurant was far from full.  We went through a basket of chips and a full glass of water for all 4 of us before he even took our drink order where he mentioned again, it is going to be awhile.  He returned 10 minutes later with our drinks ( I watched him walk around aimlessly for several minutes) and told us we could get our own chips at the salsa bar.  He then proceeded to take our order and as we specified what we wanted, interrupted and stated I got it, I got it..... He was very rude and had a condescending attitude with every statement he made to us.  SURPRISE... our orders were wrong and he became defensive... seriously, this is how you treat customers?? I had told him I asked for cheese, he replied, that is the problem?, I will bring you a bucket of cheese.  My son stated I ordered a burrito (same thing he orders every time, never been wrong) and he stated, that is what you got!!! it was more like a chimichanga!!!! I am so appalled at how they treated us, I will not return to this restaurant and will tell everyone I know how horrible the service is!!!!! So disappointed, the food is really good.  They should really be ashamed with the people they hire for being a family owned business!!! We met a family friend who had a horrible experience there and told her it has changed.... boy were we wrong!!