Diablo-DHellNO! PT. 1

Yes the name of the joint should have steered me clear to a different restaurant but I gave it a try anyway.
  
Starting from the top!

My best friend and I had noticed this place many times on our trips to Vegas walking on the strip, we always said we should try it. At night it looked very live and fun so we expected that the food would be exceptional as well.
Sunday 7/12/15 We were craving Mexican food before we left Vegas for the weekend and decided this was our chance to check out "that one place with the she-devil propped up like a Jaguar emblem" so we headed over.

Upon walking in we noticed right away a table that we wanted to sit at, right in front of the restaurant facing the strip, perfect view, empty table however needed to be cleaned from the previous party that clearly had left some time ago. We sat at the bar while the Hostess requested the table be cleaned as we checked out the menu. We waited nearly 15 minutes until someone FINALLY came out to wipe the table down.

Now we are seated, our waitress Veronica walks over to take our drink order, we already knew what we wanted being we spent a bit of time looking at the menus waiting for our table. This is where the BS started. Keep in mind that according to the menu "All Burritos are Double Stuffed & Overflowing Your Choice-Dry & Crispy or Smothered in Red Chili Sauce, Served with Sour Cream, Guacamole, Pico De Gallo, Ranchero Beans & Mexican Rice" sounds super BOMB right? My bestie orders the Veggie Burrito with a side of rice being her burrito did not come with rice already inside $15. I order the Pulled Chicken Burrito with rice inside and on the side $18. A bit pricier than what we expected but we didn't find it as a big deal as long as the quality would match. The food comes out after about 20 minutes. My besties plate is placed in front of her and it looks amazing! Full of veggies and decent size. My plate is placed in front of me and the sh*t looked like a bean burrito from Taco Bell...the size of Del Taco's burritos sh*tted on this burrito in every way. Facts of the burrito: Toasted hard (at this time I remember the waitress never asked if I would like it either smothered or dry), no rice inside after asking for rice both inside and on the side, and tiny as hell. I was not pleased whatsoever. Veronica returns to our table to ask how the food was, I explained to her the issues I had with my food (being she had problems listening to the specifics of the non-complicated order the first round). I asked why does my best friends burrito looks exactly according to the menu's description vs. mine, Veronica states "Oh that's because her burrito is double stuffed" my reply "Well according to the menu all burrito's come double stuffed, correct?" she looks at me "lost" lol, I proceed to point the description out on the menu, the only thing I asked for in addition to my order were an extra side of rice...so my bestie and I were trying to figure out what part of the order did she not understand?? She asks if I would like to have my burrito double stuffed?? WELL OF COURSE!! Why else would I raise a concern?? She takes the burrito away and about 5 minutes later instead of her returning with my food the supervisor Ruben comes over to ask if everything was ok? LOL! Uhhhh...yes at this point everything is fine but since your employee can not be a "Big Girl" and ensure our food is made correctly I guess it was suitable for you to swing by to see if things were going accordingly ALTHOUGH I would HATE to have to repeat the whole issue over again but I did...Ruben apologized and blazay blah...ensured the food would be made correctly etc. The food arrived and yesss! It looks as it should have the first time around!! Double stuffed with EVERYTHING as described loaded in it...I mean I'm for damn sure not going to pay 18 bucks for a Taco Bell sized burrito. The burrito was great and my bestie enjoyed her's as well.

NOW! This is were the BS hit the Richter Scale! We are ready for the check and my bestie still has a little food left over that she couldn't finish. Another chick comes to our table to re-fill our water, never states her name or anything...I'm guessing she was filling in for Veronica after she couldn't fulfill the order correctly, hmmm. She asks us if we would like to-go boxes and my bestie says yes. The chick comes back with a clear to-go box with a plastic bag folded on top to carry out and she "scurries" off lol. As my bestie gets ready to open the clear to-go box to put the remaining of her food inside, there's a dead F**kin roach inside of the box!!! Lol did this B***h really bring out a dead roach on a platter??  
These are the factors that conclude that this wasn't a mistake
#1 she carried the box out with a bag over it so we couldn't notice the roach inside until she "scurried" off.
#2 The box was closed (there's no F***in roach in the world capable of crawling in a box and shutting the lid behind his a$$). To Be Continued