AWFUL. I had to give myself a few days of cool down to write this review otherwise I think I may have dropped a lot of "f" bombs. so unclassy. just like this place! If i could give this place zero stars I would.
My friend and I wondered here this past weekend in the hopes of getting some decent margaritas. we were so wrong. we were seated by a girl who didn't seem to like her job. pretty bland. it was whatever. we looked over our menus and the margaritas looked pretty good so we ordered one each at $7 dollars a glass. I asked for a not so sweet and sour one, but a stronger one with more flavor so the waitress recommended one to me. While she put that order in my friend and I decided to share some basic beef taquitos for 8 dollars. She dropped off some free chips and salsa which were nothing too impressive. the 3 choices of salsa all tasted the same pretty much and were bland. so sad. Our drinks came over and I took one sip and already felt sick from all the sweet and sour. It tasted like a virgin drink. I'm sorry...I'm 27...don't you remember checking my ID while I asked for something of the opposite? I did not say bring me a virgin margarita. open your ears. My friend was not impressed either with his frozen margarita which tasted like frozen lemon water. UGH what is this place?! our taquitos came over and they looked like they were from the freezer isle at target. believe me when I say there was no beef whatsoever in this little things. there were 3 of them and they were the size of my boney little pinky finger. $8 dollars for what?! OMG. unimpressed. When the waitress came over to ask how our drinks were I told her mine was too sweet and I didn't like it as I moved it to the side for her to take away after one sip. obviously she didn't get the hint as she watched me and walked away. umm alright. she brought our check over and I noticed our drinks were $8 dollars while on the menu they were $7 dollars so I decided to ask her about this. She said they charge an extra dollar for the alcohol. nowhere on that menu did it say they were going to charge more money for a drink that already has alcohol in it. WTF! yes...I understand it is only an extra dollar per drink but it is the point of telling your customers about this before they order. I didn't even drink my margarita because it was disgusting and wanted you to take it away but instead you decide you want to charge me more for it?! not to mention your food sucked and was such a disappointment. I left this place so angry and upset over this. The waitress offered no help and it was obvious she wanted us out of there.
I'm apparently still very angry over this about half a week later. I will make sure none of my friends and family ever go to this place. I really hope they do not stay around too long and are replaced by something better. I am so let down with mi casa's food and service.