Let me first begin with saying I really did enjoy their chips and their bean dip. Those, unfortunately were the highlights of our dinner. I will agree, they do have a great selection of Tequilas. The decor is nice and while you wait and eat you can watch sports on their flat screens and/or sit and listen to non-stop country music.  But as far as this place being worthy of a five star rating, definitely not. 

When my husband, child, and I went in there were, maybe, 3 other tables seated and a couple of people at the bar. So a little empty for 5pm, but then again it was on a Wednesday. About 15-20 minutes into being seated our orders were finally taken for our entrees and our appetizers. 

During our wait, we are brought out their salsa trio - chile verde, mild chunky, and red blended chile. The red blended and salsa verde were pretty tasty and had a nice kick to them. But the chunky salsa tasted as if they opened a can of stewed tomatoes and added cilantro to it. No flavor at all and probably the worse salsa I have had yet. 

The guacamole was brought out very quickly and was just ok. It could have used additional seasoning. The bean dip took 15 more minutes or so to come out, and we had to remind our server about it. 

As we are waiting 4 more parties had been seated around us, a couple after our orders had been taken. 30 minutes pass, 45 minutes pass ...no food. While waiting we noticed the other tables, all with larger parties than ours, were receiving their food...an hour into putting in our order and still no food. Our server finally comes by and says it will be out soon. Nearly 15 minutes later, our food finally comes out. We had ordered the sopapillas, beef fajitas, and a corndog for our child...which took over an hour to cook apparently. 

By this time we have had our fill of chips, coke and iced tea and are ready to enjoy this highly rated food. The Rice - dry. Beans - ok but needed a tad more salt. Fajitas - veggies over-salted and meat was not good quality. The beef tasted like it was stewed and just not very tasty unless coated in sour cream. My husband said their red chile sauce was ok, but nothing to rave about. In the end, I ended up sticking to the beans and loading up on my iced tea and more chips. 

Now, I am notorious for brining home my left overs, even if the food was just ok. I brought nothing home and left nearly a full plate fajitas. We are major foodies and have been known to travel long distances for good food. If you want authenticity, go to Comedor Guadalajara. If you want good authentic "New Mexico" Cuisine, go to La Parilla Suiza. These are places that, even if they have a high ticket time, the food is well worth it. 

Just because you cook everything in green chiles, does not make it good  or classify it as New Mexico Cuisine. 

We will definitely not be going back to La Ristra