I went in expecting a very nice fish taco, but the porridge/mush that passed for fish was fishy and nasty... how's that for the start of a review?

Ok, the place is nicely enough furnished if you think a la chuy's or chipotle's metal furnishings but with more crap on the walls.  It's clean, the people were pleasant and nice and the counter service fine.

The wife ordered a hotdog, i'm sure she'll review that.  I wasn't impressed.  But let's get to the rest of the food.  I ordered the 3 pack of tacos for $5.  Ok price.  

Green beef, pork and fish.  All of them came wrapped in aluminum foil with sticky but cold flour tortillas and the same mess of cabbage, tomato and white and yellow cheese.  All were freezing cold which made the meat luke warmish.  

They were all a miss for me.  I would not step back in this place for a taco.  Fatty pork is fine, if its cooked nicely, but this was not. Green beef was ok, as long as I piled the pretty good tomatillo salsa over it.  The fish...let's leave it at ugh.  If this is their specialty, it's over already.  

This is Sunnyslope, and with the authentic delicious taco and burrito choices around here, this place is only competing with the tacos across the street at Jack in the Box, and I would probably eat those before I'd touch another one of these, it was that bad for me.

Sorry, hippies.   This wasn't good.  If you are going to come into a Mexican part of town you'd better bring the meat to compete.  You are far outclassed in taco land.

So, after some thought I decided rather than just pan the place, I'm giving suggestions:  
1. use a paper or wax paper between the aluminum and taco, or you have a mess.
2. do something with that too cold cabbage/cheese/tomato
3.  grill the fish and don't smother it / chop it up.  make sure its fresh.
4.  get a better cut of pork, go organic (maybe it is), season it better
5.  keep the happy people in front, they were nice
6.  don't blend your lemonade with ice, it was awful and too sweet
7.  quit buying your chips at Costco, those round ones suck
8.  do something with the guacamole, it was ok just being avocado and lime, but it was pureed.  keep it chunky.
9.  get more input from your mexican chefs, they probably know what is wrong
10. Both the red and green salsas were good, just need a taco to go with it.