I have put off writing this review for so long because the memories of my experience there are so ugly that I needed weeks to recover. It was my Aunt's birthday and she _loves_ Macayo's. I went along begrudgingly and the results were terrifying.

As a Phoenix native, I've known Macayo's on Central for decades. Its unique facade emulates the style of some grand Guatemalan Mayan temple, but... no, not really. And what is it that you want when you see pictures of Machu Picchu or of Tikal? You want to climb the steps, to _go in_. In the case of Macayo's, you must resist this urge with all your might.

The main entrance is from the back and is true to form in the Egyptian style. A post and lintel rectangular opening leads to a long narrow hallway slightly sloped which opens to an antechamber branching off to the splendorous caverns within. Um. Except this article is about _food_, not a history of architecture lecture! Bleh.

As is my custom I order a cheese crisp straight off; I'm allergic to corn so the endless bowls of hardened, impervious-to-rot corn chips (see pic) just repel me. After the pushy (more on that later) waitress scurries off I notice my fork (see the picture) and realize that with the caked-on food, this place might be cutting corners on lots of stuff, namely that the tortillas might be so cheap that they are the type to be sprinkled with corn starch to keep them from sticking to each other. The waitress returns and I ask her to please check the ingredient list for the tortillas for corn starch. A few minutes later she returns with the label torn from the tortilla bag and says that without her glasses she cannot read the list. I'm not joking when I say that the list goes on as long as this paragraph. Chemical after chemical, non-food food after non-food food. And then there right in the middle is corn starch, corn meal, corn flour and corn syrup. In FLOUR tortillas! 

I immediately canceled my order for the cheese crisp and resolved not to place a single bite of anything into my mouth. "Was the water bad too?" I wondered.

I'm not sure where it started, but Tex-Mex goers have come to expect the attentive busboys to continually flit about filling and refilling bowls of corn chips and salsa. Macayo's sets the standard. It seemed the bowls dropped every few seconds as my family devoured them while waiting for the birthday girl to show. The salsa was gloopy (again with the pic) and might have had something added to the mix after it was poured from a gigantic vat, but I doubt it. My sensible companion said it didn't taste fresh at all.

The birthday girl was almost 45 minutes late. After 40 minutes we discussed among us just ordering anyway. We decided to order, except that our decision quickly became an argument with the waitress who insisted that we wait for her. Um, whoa! Is this really happening to me? I must be in some kind of Mayan burial temple, I'm dead, and my servants and family were buried with me along with food and I'm going to be here for the next thousand years until someone decrypts the secret book and inserts the starfish-shaped key into the stony entrance to free my evil spirit back on the world.  AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! Yes, I loved the Mummy movies.

But back to our pushy waitress. After the family tried over and over, unsuccessfully, to cajole me into ordering something, anything, we waited for the results. You'll have to see the pictures.

You know you're in a nightmare of menu hell when an item's description has to change languages from English in order to accurately describe its content. The average speaker uses something like 20,000 words regularly and you can't even find a few to accurately or even poetically describe this item? The steak was described with being covered in a spinach queso sauce (see pic). Those two words had to have been taken straight off the labels of the two cans that were dumped into a warming pot to create this sauce. Think nacho cheesy, oil and corn starch and that lovely orangey-yellow coloring. Disgusting.

My brother ordered a taco plate (see pic) and made the mistake of trying to bite into the taco shell with his teeth. This item should have come with a disclaimer and a hammer. Envision eating crab but with the shell still on it. He gave up quickly and dug out the innards with his fork, snail style. 

Macayo's should stick to their success like some cornstarch-less badly made stack of tortillas, namely large-scale manufactured canned foods sold to those who still think Phoenix is a town of rolling tumbleweeds and cowboys. Let them fantasize about questing to Phoenix and entering the secret Mayan temple to discover the secrets within. They can release my tormented soul from the hell that is Macayo's.