I am sad to say that this will be my FIRST ever one star review. :( I was really exited to try this place. A group of friends and I love checking out different restaurants in Phoenix and we had a friend who just bought a home in Arcadia. 

The first time we went to Barrio it was at the airport and the service was so horrible I didn't even want to bother with a review because I figured....well, it's the airport. No service is ever that great at the airport.  So we finally had an opportunity to get the gang together and head down. 

We were warmly greeted by a server and she seated us to our table. Then she went to attend to her tables in the other room. As we started to sit down, there was a tray table blocking one of the 4 chairs so we moved it slightly to slide in. BIG mistake. The server looked at us and condescendingly said, "OH. Excuse ME, ladies."

WOW. 

So, we looked at our menus and waited and waited and WAITED. We were slightly confused. Where was or server? Why were we waiting for 15 minutes without ANYONE coming by? There was a server that was attending other tables around us...but not us?

So we kindly asked the busser and asked him if he knew who our server was. 4 minutes later...the SAME server comes to our table and *I KID YOU NOT* looks at us in complete hatred and says in the rudest manner, "WHAT CAN I GET YOU LADIES?!?!"  Like WE were bothering HIM!

I seriously couldn't believe it. We were in COMPLETE shock. I looked at his name tag and RICHARD certainly does not belong in the service industry. If you ever want to try this place out-AVOID him at all costs!!! I honestly wanted to ask for the manager but I didn't want to ruin the meal any further than it already had.  To boot, the food was sub par anyway. But-I can probably chalk that up to Richard's piss poor attitude. 

I really should have listened to my gut and to  other Yelpers who have mentioned that this place can be unwelcoming. I just really didn't  want to believe it. If you're going to try Barrio Cafe, please bring plenty of patience and don't bring your out of town guests if you want to impress them. NEVER AGAIN.