This was my first time at La Ristra and I was not impressed. To start my experience, the hostess suggested a bar seat- we had a four year old with us and my friend was pregnant.  I saw no booths and only high top tables as I looked into the empty bar area and assuming she saw the look on my face, she then took us to the restaurant side. There were only two occupied tables in this area, with one group eating their meal.  My first impression of the menu was that it was a little pricey for regular entrees but never having eaten here this didn't put me off as I will pay good money for quality Mexican food. We were brought chips and salsa fairly quickly. The salsas were just ok and they were a very small portion.  We were offered a small side of queso for free which tasted good. I ordered a shredded beef taco salad and my friend ordered the chicken southwestern salad and a kids quesadilla meal.  It took nearly an hour to get our food. Yes, an hour for salads, with only one table ahead of us to order. What I assumed was a manager came by to ask us how our food was before we had even been served any. The kids meal was brought first with a soggy, greasy tortilla with ice cold beans and rice- literally the cheese did not melt on the beans. Very evident that quesadilla was microwaved or left to die under the heat lamp. The southwestern salad was ordered with beans on the side. Came with beans on the salad and had to be sent back. When a new one reappeared quickly, my friend found the bottom of her bowl full of water- presumably from the lettuce. She decided not to send it back a second time and instead asked the waiter for a spoon and she removed the water herself with the spoon. My salad was just ok, no real flavor with the beef, although there was a good portion of it. Both salads consisted of shredded iceberg lettuce on the bottom with field greens on the top. First of all it was strange, and seemed an obvious money saving "trick" for the restaurant.  Iceberg alone was perfectly fine for the taco salad and romaine would have been a better bet on the other salad- my opinion- trying to fancy it up with field greens just seemed odd. For two salads, a kids meal and two fountain drinks this meal was just over $30. Ridiculous.  Surprised by other reviews that this place owned by Los Dos Molinos family. Not on par  at all. This may be an ok place for happy hour if you are drinking but not a place I would visit again.  As a side note, I realize  the few reviews I have made here are not positive reviews. I tend to contact management immediately when I have a great experience while dining out.