This is the first bad review I have ever given. I'm quite disappointed that I was pushed to the point that I actually posted a bad review.

We went to this Ztejas for the margaritas. We have been going to this location for years and always enjoyed our visits and food. However, this time I was beyond disappointed. The service has been going down hill lately. Just to give perspective, this was my 3rd visit within 2 weeks, but my only late visit in about 4 months.

At 10pm we were approached after only have arrived at about 9:40pm and told that it was last call. 2 out of the 3 of us ordered 1 more drink. Then, at 10:30pm they took our unfinished food and drinks from us and said they have to "kick us out because their insurance policy will no longer cover us on the property." 

This is the most ridiculous thing I've heard in the restaurant industry. Let's just be honest here, they wanted to go home and not want to wait an extra 10-15 minutes for us to finish our food and drinks. Seriously!  I paid a $65 bill and $11 tip for 4 margaritas, some chips and salsa and two bowls of soup, all for 3 people.... It's not like we were there whooping it up for hours. 

I'm highly offended by the way we were not even able to finish our $8.50 margaritas that were half full and had not even been there an hour..... then to have our intelligence insulted by telling us the "insurance" would not allow them to let us finish our food and drinks is the most   ridiculous thing I've heard in a long time. 

In addition, it was my daughter's 21st birthday and all she asked was that she get go try a "famous ZTejas margarita". 

Not a good experience at all! 

 I use to love this place but now that they took the reverse happy hour away and literally kick their customers out, it's not likely I'll be back. (I was not aware they closed at 10pm. We would have never chosen ZTejas if we would have thought we would have been treated this way. There is a lot of other places to choose from.)

FYI, anyone that cares, Zips has just as good margaritas,they are less expensive, and they won't literally take your half finished food and drink away from you at the end of the night.