Three Amigos is special for several reasons:

1.) You can tell that everything here is made from scratch from the best ingredients they can source because everything is absolutely delicious. Chips are on the house, but try them with a side of Guacamole, it is the best I've ever had! For the 1st two years after I discovered this place, all I ate were the Enchiladas Poblanas. I LOVE Mole, in fact, Mole Poblano is the national dish of Mexico and is very intricate and difficult to make, but Three Amigos kicks its butt! The flavors that come out of their mole are so intricate and layered. It is such a perfect combination of spicy, sweet, salty and tart that you cannot actually taste those individual flavors because it just becomes this whole new amazing combined flavor that should have its own name! Lately though, I have been addicted to their Quesadilla de Lengua, or Tongue Quesadilla. I know the thought of tongue scares some people, but in Mexico, Central, and Latin American we have been cooking with it forever, and Three Amigos has it down to an art. There is no other cut of meat that I can think of that can have such a tender texture. If you do not want to commit your whole meal to tongue, order a tongue taco on the side, and you will never look back. Also, on Fridays and Saturdays from 10pm-4am they serve a Dominican menu. It is all greasy, delicious, Dominican street type food and if you've had a little too much to drink I cannot think of a better place to get something to eat and sober up!

2.) I discovered Three Amigos about 3 years ago, when you barely saw any Americans in there, and it was fantastic. A short while later they put out some daily deals and to say the least, word spread like wildfire. Unfortunately, in my experience, when such a significant spike in demand takes place some restaurants get overwhelmed and start cutting corners and buying pre-made ingredients. I was very worried that this was going to happen to my beloved Three Amigos, but if anything, the opposite took place. They rose up to the challenge and continued to do what made them famous in the first place, and that is to serve authentic and delicious Mexican food in an incredibly friendly environment.

3.) The final thing that makes Three Amigos special is the fact that aside from serving delicious food, they go out of their way to help customers create unforgettable memories. I've had a couple of birthdays here and my husband and I had our joint Bachelor/Bachelorette pre-party dinner here exactly a year ago and Three Amigos is not only accommodating, but they go above and beyond any expectations that you may have. I dream to one day own a restaurant like this, that is not only adored and remembered for the food, but also for the memories they helped create!