The food gets three and a half stars. The service on the night we were there gets one star. The environment gets one star.

Temperature was about 87 degrees. Ceiling fans rotated, but we could not feel any air where we were sitting near the front window. 

Salsa gets four stars. Chips get three, maybe four, because they were warm and the waitress kept bringing them as if she knew our food order would be late.

About an hour after the boys and I got there, we still didn't have our food. I had to go get my wife, who was working late, so we were up against a deadline. I asked that it be boxed to go.

Well, we left, late, sweating, and thoroughly disgusted. But fortunately, when we got home, the food tasted good. 

I split a poblano chicken enchilada, rice, beans, and vegetables with my wife. It was very tasty. One of my sons had three tacos that he said were a good bit better (and more expensive) than what he was used to at Taco Bell. The other son had a shrimp dish that he ate about half of (portions are large, and he doesn't eat much at one sitting, especially after consuming copious quantities of chips!), so he liked it. He's picky.

So, here's my take: They had an "off" night for service. But they might be slow as a general rule, too. The place has a very tiny kitchen, a small bar with about 8 - 10 stools, about five or six booths, and about that many tables. I saw two waitresses, who were helping in the kitchen as well.

We got there about 6:10, and left about 7:20 with food in hand. When we arrived, it was busy. When we left, it was full. So folks were waiting a long time for their food.

The food is authentic, tastes good, and yields authentic gastrointestinal effects, typical of its type. But the wait was unexpected and unwelcome.

I may try it again when I have extra time, but time is something I have less and less of these days...

UPDATE: The manager read the review you just read, and emailed me that they did, in fact, struggle that night, with new personnel involved.
 
He apologized for the wait, and asked that we consider giving them another try. Kudos to him for being nice and humble. We probably will go back in a few weeks to check it out.