Can't say that I'm nuts for Coconuts Beach Bar & Mexican Grill. 

Although I visit Town Square quite often, this was my first time here. And this wasn't by choice, but because it was for a couple of my girlfriends' birthday. What's funny is that this bar wasn't their first choice either - they wanted to have their shindig at Miller's Ale House but couldn't because it was packed for the UFC fight. 

This place is super roomy. But as roomy as it is, there are not many places to sit down. It's probably because they hold a lot of college parties with bumpin' music and whatnot. Our party stuck close to the bar. The bar itself is pretty large in size, but there was only one guy running around serving drinks. Maybe there was another bartender but his presence was not known. 

I ordered the watermelon margarita for myself, the classic margarita and a pineapple malibu for the birthday girls. The three came out to $26. I thought this was way pricey for what we got. The pineapple malibu was served in a small plastic cup. The two margaritas were served in margarita glasses, but the rims weren't salted. I can't say anything about the classic margarita since I didn't get to taste it, but the watermelon margarita tasted pretty bland. It definitely had me scratching my head hoping for a swig of tequila on my next sip. The pink color was pretty and all, but it tasted like a single jolly rancher melted down in a full glass of water. 

There are advertisements all over town square for their "4 foot burrito". Sounds cool, but I hear it doesn't taste very good. From what I hear, you have to have 10 people in your party in order for them to serve it. 

Speaking of advertisements, there are pre-movie commercials that play in the theaters for Coconuts. If you've seen this, you know there are two girls dressed in teeny bikinis holding coconuts enticing people to come for food and drinks. I was there on a Saturday night and there were no signs of girls in bikinis. Sorry to break it to all you boys but you might as well go to Blue Martini next door for hottie bartenders, if that's what you're looking for!