A friend and I were headed for the disaster at the Cabaret On The Square, and stopped for dinner at Las Velas before the show.  We had a few hours to kill and decided on trying some new Mexican place.  

Maybe it was great company, but Las Velas did not disappoint.  Hugo, the over-gelled but otherwise very nice and kind of hot waiter (seriously...in da burgh, what DOES it mean when a waiter keeps winking at you? I think it simply means tip hard) was very nice and helpful.

We ordered the poblano dip, an iced tea (since Pepsi products are served) and my friend had a water.  Then for the main course, I ordered the steak burrito, and my friend the quesadillas.

It was slightly pricey for Mexican food, but what else would we expect for Market Square?

The Poblano dip was a little runny, but VERY tasty.  The chips were a little over-puffed, which made them frail in the dip, but they were adequate and tasty.

The steak burrito was large and stuffed, and not only was the steak tasty, but the sauces were 'real' and very flavorful. The sauce wasn't the standard 'red' sauce, but it was real veggie and spice enhanced.   It had zing and flavor.  I LIKE hot.  And no, to me, the standard Pittsburgh version of 'hot' doesn't cut it. A Jalapeno to me is NOT hot.  An Habanero IS. And when they asked if I wanted hot or mild, and I asked for hot, it came hot.

The burrito came with guacamole, sour cream, and some pico de gallo, which added to the flavor.

My friend devoured her quesadilla, which came with rice and refried beans, so fast that I thought I'd blinked and missed something.

The bill, with an appetizer, two entrees and one beverage, was around $40.  

The atmosphere was very pleasant...heck, we even had one hell of a show as the Occupy Pittsburgh crowd of 20 made their way through Market Square...with six police cars blocking traffic and four local 'media' vans setting up for the five minute span of activity that took place, including one local 'creative' type who wore a pup tent and danced around mindlessly.

All in all, Las Velas was a very nice place to go for a flavorful Mexican meal, with decent service, and the added bonus of a hot Latino waiter winking, who was delightful to watch 'walk away'.

For the budget minded, I might recommend Mexico City a few blocks away, but Las Velas is a little better in the atmosphere department, slightly higher in the flavor department, with only a slight hike in the price department. 

Give them a try.