Ok people -- went to Los Tacos today for the first time and was totally blown away.  Having spent ten years on LA Mexican, I learned a long time ago that the best Mex comes out of very humble surroundings.  

Los Tacos is no shrine, but it's a serious step up from a taco truck -- but with truly incredible food.

First -- while standing in line, I was mesmerized by the darling gal making these incredible layered seafood cocktails -- you know, the ones loaded with shrimp, octopus, super fresh avocado, freshly squeezed lime juice, onion, cilantro, tomatoes, then doused with liquid tomato heaven... she giggled at me (I must really work on this drooling problem...) and handed me a 1 ounce cup to sample.  Delicious.  We were definitely ordering one.  My friend, who's a regular, said the rice and beans were not to be missed (rice & beans?  was she kidding?)  and that her favorite taco was their carnitas.

But they have pastor -- and chips and salsa... and then I saw the guy making their tacos and saw the guacamole... OMG... I haven't seen guac that delicious looking in ages...

So, it's just the two of us -- we order 1 taco each -- her carnitas, my pastor, the chips and salsa, the rice and beans, the chico sized shrimp cocktail (the small is a large beer mug full!) .  She orders iced tea (which she notes is freshly brewed not that crap from the coke machine) and wait -- oh my god, they have watermelon agua fresca -- and melon and pineapple ... and...
it's not even watermelon season -- but it's 85 degrees outside -- and I'm so having one.

Our check is $22 and change -- we leave them the rest -- and things begin to come up immediately -- the drinks, the chips... There are these bottles of green salsa on all the tables -- it's seriously terrific -- well balanced, garlicy, green chili, tomatillo nectar -- perfect with their food.   

Thank God there's no salsa bar -- I really hate those things -- 

I realize my friend has blessed me with sharing a seriously great joint... never heard of it before, never even had it come up on Yelp before -- and I'm here...

Then the tacos come --  can I tell you that this was singularly the best taco I've ever eaten.  I got it "con todos" -- guac (you wouldn't have been able to resist it either had you seen it -- and I'm not that much of a guac lover either) with cheese -- monterey jack (melted, people!)  and sour cream (ok, screw the diet...).  It came with the requisite two corn tortillas -- but these weren't hard and corny and tough -- these were delicate and the edges even a little crispy (from melting the cheese on the flattop) -- definitely homemade -- and the combination was so delicious, I'm serious, I've never had a better taco.  Pastor people -- pastor...  but the chicken, asada, carnitas -- yes they have tongue, buche, all the funky stuff -- looked fantastic.  Honestly, I couldn't have eaten a second taco if my life had depended on it -- 

I'll definitely be back.

Did I mention how completely fresh and perfectly delicious the  sandia agua fresca was?   Flawless.   Perfectly great -- okay, perhaps a bit of tequila and some lime would have made it better -- but hey...it was lunchtime and I had to go back to work.

Now the neighborhoooood..... apparently this used to be one of the hottest neighborhoods in town -- tony, one of the first indoor malls in the country -- it was torn down a while ago -- and this joint is freestanding in the parking lot in front of a swap meet, opposite a Wendy's.   I almost feel sorry for the poor suckers eating there -- if they only knew (hell, they never will...)  I'd only go there at nighttime with friends, probably wouldn't go by myself.  It's a little tough, but not enough to deter you from going -- and at lunch, I felt totally safe.  

Go people -- this is the kind of place born for Yelp -- it ROCKS.  

Can't wait to go back.

Food coma setting in now...must     stop    typing....

quick update and tip (food coma is now over - it's 2 hours later):   We got there before noon and the line moved quickly, but by the time we left -- around 12:30, there was a line out the door...

Update 4/3/08:  didn't notice the drive thru the first time...
Tried a chicken taco this time -- we're talking slow cooked real chicken, hand pulled -- big hunks of juicy white and dark meat -- lightly seasoned.  Personally, the pastor still wins, but it's nice to see their care and quality -- and appreciate the fact that this food doesn't all taste the same!   Also had a quesadilla...they make them in both flour and corn tortillas -- wow.  really good.  Forgot to say that the seafood cocktail comes with a generous basket of chips, crackers and fresh lime to add to it...don't forget to add some green chili sauce, too!