So, I struggled with how to handle my emotions and how to best communicate my experience.  Let's begin with the positives.  It was a Friday night (April 6th), Mom was in town for the weekend and wanted to take her to a good Mexican place I had been to many time in the past.  Waited 30 minutes, but no big deal as we started on a pitcher of margaritas.  An interesting note to begin with is the bar setup.  They have decided to save 1/4 of the total bar space as a server prep station.  When we started to drift over the tape line into this section on the bar we were shooed by one of the bus staff, pretty rude IMO, but made me wonder.  Why the hell would you steal precious bar space to have silver, napkins and pitchers of water a place to sit.  There are many other spots that could have been created for this purpose.

On to the meal, as always love the options presented and tried a new dish with an egg on top.  Love eggs with my meal.  My mom got fajitas and loved them as well. Finishing off the meal and the original pitcher was quite a challenge as the portions are very healthy.  The margarita was the house variety and not that flavorful, pretty much watered down.  That's when the rating hit the floor.

Upon finishing my margarita, I set my glass down and notice something in my glass. Whoa, that's a roach!  Not sure exactly how it got there, whether it  was in the pitcher of margarita or in my glass the whole time, but either way, completely disgusted.   At this point all the food was gone, and so was the roach margarita, so what to do.  Well since I really value yelp reviews and this is not something I caught at the beginning of the meal I decided to hold my thoughts for this review. No getting free meals, or making a scene, because honestly the food was good and I don't like getting stared at as I explain the circumstances.  So for everyone to see as proof, I'm going to attempt to upload the photo from that night.  If a roach got into my glass I wonder what else roaches have gotten into at this restaurant.  Let's just leave it at I won't be going back.