A group of us girls went here for dinner to start out a bachelorette party last weekend. Once we arrived, it didn't take long for them to set up our table in the outdoor patio. When the first four of us sat down, the server came by to take our drink order. We asked for water while we waited for the rest of the group and the server actually rolled his eyes at us and said, "okay" in that snooty voice. I asked him if there was a problem with our drink order and he laughed and said no. Maybe he thought he was being funny and joking with us but it did not come out that way. A few more girls joined and by that time the servers went ahead and brought water for everyone. 15-20 minutes after they brought our waters, our server still hadn't come back to see if we wanted to order bar drinks and/or food.  We had to go up to the bar, where he was standing, and tell him he were ready. About 5 minutes later, he came to take everyone's order. After that, we barely saw him. I ordered the ceviche and the guacamole appetizer. I thought the guacamole app would just be a bowl of guacamole but it came with refried beans and chips. That was a nice surprise because I was worried about having to order extra chips and be charged for them (per other Yelp reviews). The guacamole was pretty good and I can throw down on that stuff. I also thought the salsa they brought out was extremely good. My ceviche was...interesting. I love ceviche and ordered it with the intent of something light. It came out on two tostadas with the shrimp, avocado, and salsa layered on each tostada. I definitely did not expect that but I guess that it their twist on ceviche. I found the ceviche to be very saucy, as well, almost as if it had ketchup mixed with the tomatos. It was also pretty spicy. After eating the first tostado, I just ate the toppings off the others with a fork. I liked my ceviche at Frank & Lupe but not if I knew it was ceviche. I looked around at the girls' dishes and I will say they looked pretty good. We also ordered pitchers of their house margarita ($24 each) which I thought was pretty good. Overall, I thought the food was decent, drinks good, and service terrible. Would I go back? Hmmm, not sure but I think anyplace is worth a second chance.