I don't see how this place was so busy.  The seating arrangement is strange, the service is bad, and the food is terrible!

I came with my husband and 2 year old son.  There is seating in the front of the restaurant where it was hot and humid, and there was seating in the patio.  We decided to sit in the patio are where we were seated by a lady who looked like she hated her job. She seated us, and didn't bring a child's seat for my son.  So, I went to ask her for one.  She rudely told me to give her a minute.  Any time we needed anything, we had to come up to her.  Our visit was nearly 2 hours and she probably checked on us two maybe three times the entire time.  I understand she has a job to do, but being disgruntled with paying customers is inexcusable. 

We ordered our food, which took quite a while to come out, and when it finally did, my food was wrong.  I sent it back.  By the time the right food came out, my son and husband had already almost finished their meal.  I didn't want them to wait on me to eat because who knew how long it was going to take for the food to come out again.

We ordered chile rellenos, mini tacos, and carnitas  enchiladas with green sauce.  This place claims to be like "Old Mexico", and the food was by far the furthest from authentic Mexican food. The mini tacos were some frozen store bought "Jose Ole" mini tacos that were fried and served with guac and salsa.  The chile rellenos were made with CHEDDAR cheese.  That is NOT the way we know them to be made.  And the enchiladas were salty beyond belief, and the just plopped the carnitas on top of a cheese enchilada with the weirdest tasting green sauce ever.  They're stingy with their chips while you wait, and super skimp with their sides.  My husband didn't even get nearly a quarter cup of sides. 

This place is ridiculous, and is nothing like "Old Mexico", or authentic in anyway.  My husband is Mexican and I have had my fair share of authentic Mexican food, and this place definitely DOES NOT have it.