I play a lot at the Silverton, but usually late at night. That means I'm intimately familiar with the coffee shop, but haven't spent much time in their other restaurants. I've been to the buffet a few times, along with the new Twin Creeks, but hadn't had the chance to make it to Mi Casa until last week. I had a $30 comp that was expiring soon, so I figured I'd stop after work, and have a steak at Twin Creeks. Well, I totally forgot that they are dark Mondays. I had been eying the chicken mole at Mi Casa for a while, wondering how it would stack up to my precious Papalote, so I figured what the hell, let's give it a run.

The *extremely hot* hostess sat me at a semi-booth near the front of the restaurant, but I felt that I was still very comfortably isolated from the casino. They have a nice entryway set up with a lot of big plants that do a pretty admirable job of not making it seem like you're not 15 feet away from the casino floor (but it's still there if you look). Decor was pretty nice, and in my opinion, classier than similarly priced mexican places. My waitress, who reminded me of a less-cordial version of Lurch, eventually dropped off the oft-mentioned tortilla chips & salsa and took my order, which consisted of beef flautas ($7-8) (sp?) and the chicken mole ($18). Chips & salsa turned out to be good, and I ate them throughout the meal - even desert. The flautas came out, but I quickly deduced that they were chicken, and not beef. I tried for a while to get Lurch's attention so that I could send them back, but when the futility of that became evident, I just decided to eat them anyway. They weren't bad, but definitely seemed on par to something I could pick up in the freezer aisle. After that, the very nice serving girl brought out the chicken mole. It seemed like a nice presentation, but ultimately the dish turned out to be just "alright". The chicken was cut into slices, and was OK at best, quality wise. The mole was not very chocolaty, and the cheese was very sparingly applied. As I was eating though, I did notice that the dishes were very cool, so a plus for that, I guess. Post-mole, Lurch came by and gave a cursory ask if I wanted desert, and seemed surprised when I took her up on it. I ended up with the fried ice cream ($6?), which was passable.

Overall, had I been paying cash for this meal, I would've thought it was a bit overpriced. That's not to say that it was expensive, but I'm just not sure if I would've been happy paying for what I received. I saw nothing to explain why the mole was so expensive, and the appetizer portion was not very large. High points include the chips, the plates, and the frequent, but mysterious trips the hostess made past my table. Food was decent. This review seems more negative now than I believe I felt when I was eating the meal, so it could just be that the food quality was overshadowed by the lack of server quality I experienced. I would go back again, but only because I pay for my food at the craps table and not the dinner table. 2.5 stars, rounded up for the hostess.