The BF and I were hanging out with friends and somehow fajitas came up and they've been here several times where it was rather good they said so I went along with it. 

So we started off with some chips with a mild red, spicy red and a green. All were good salsas and chips warm.  

We got a order of avocado fries. I assume it was the "full order" which was just the amount of a full avocado with a chipotle ranch. I thought it was pretty decent version of this dish. 

Fajitas wise, they didn't have steak with shrimp on the menu but we asked if that was possible and they did it for us. You can order a 1 person or 2 person portion so we got a 2 person one. They give you your own beans, rice, guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream, and tortillas and have a shared hot skillet.  

At first I was thinking, "thats it?" when I was a few steak strips and shrimp but I was super stuffed. The steak was tender and was cooked to about medium which I appreciated. I prefer things to be not well done, but I know medium rare is kinda hard to do in fajitas. It had a bit of a ranchera sauce (ask for more to dip) The shrimp was cooked well as well.  Peppers and onions had a nice char and seasoned well, no white raw onions or peppers to be had. The beans were a surprise as I don't normally like beans but forgot to ask for all rice. These were flavorful beans though, similar to my moms/grandmas style, similar to that deep porky flavor Leticias has which is the only other place I really enjoy the beans at. 

Service was good. He was friendly, he did our special substitution request with no problem and he was on it with drinks and checking in on us. We also had a drink spill and he got it cleaned up in a jiffy as well. 

It may not be the most loved of places, but it was actually pretty good. Our friends have been here enough times that I trusted them to try it out and ended up enjoying the meal and being ridiculously full. Per their advice though - go for the fajitas, but the other things they've had were just OK.