I'm actually updating my review I left a couple of months ago after a previous bad experience. Their owner, Brain, heard about my bad experience and sent me a gift card on the house to try Bakersfield again. Boy am I glad I did!

My husband and I went their on a Friday night for dinner and there was a hour wait. We didn't mind so we sat at the bar and ordered a couple of drinks. I got a Bakersfield margarita and my husband got a seasonal draft. In addition, we started with the queso/chips and added the chorizo! Man was it good! It came hot on a iron skillet and was out within 5 minutes of ordering. The queso was very different from your typical mexican restaurant (more rich tasting), but it was delightful. Our bartenders were very nice and were constantly filling our waters and making sure our drinks were full.

Once we got seated we decided to do the whole shabang and order 1 of each taco. My favorite was the short-rib and my husband loved the pork belly. The tacos are tapas size, but they were loaded with toppings. My least favorite was the fish. Note to self- 2-3 tacos is ENOUGH lol :-)

Overall, we had a good experience at Bakersfield and I'm glad I gave it a second try. This was my husbands first time and he really enjoyed it. I would highly recommend coming here again for date night or as a nice pre-game place with a group of friends for some drinks and tacos!

PREVIOUS REVIEW:
I was really excited to try Bakersfield because my Columbus, Ohio friends raved about it, however I left disappointed. I came here for lunch on a Friday with about 6 coworkers. Please keep in mind the restaurant was not busy. Anyways, our server took about 15 minutes to even come over and greet up. After we ordered our drinks, we had to ask 2 times for him to bring out oranges with our beer. 

The chips and salsa were also not complimentary which always amazes me at 'Mexican' restaurants. Or our server just lied to us because every other table around us had chips. Who knows! Anyways, we all ordered various tacos. Once they arrived, nearly 30/45 minutes later, they all came together on one giant plate which was fine, but the server had no idea which tacos were what. So we had to magically guess which one. I still think I got the wrongs tacos, but they were tasty. They are very small so if your hungry this might not be a good pick for you. 

After we were finished our waiter seemed to disappear. Not even the other waiters could find him. Meanwhile the tables next to us cleared. Finally we found our mysterious waiter and when he brought us the checks they were all wrong. We asked him to revise them and he brought them back wrong again. Then the THIRD time. Yes THIRD time they were wrong again! Seriously dude. We were at lunch for 2 hours for 1 beer and 2 tacos. A little ridiculous. 

I only gave this place a 3 because the food was good, however the service was horrible. The environment of Bakersfield is cool and I've heard nothing but good things. 

I would like to give it another try however my first impression was not a positive one.