Perhaps a victim of bad timing just after a trip home to California, the popular taqueria / bar has the interior and service that is buzzworthy, but the food fell flat for me. 
Let's start with the name - Bakersfield. In the 70s & 80s it and Fresno vied for the unenviable title of the armpit of California. Perhaps it's had a big renaissance and is a hip unknown treasure unbeknownst to me, but even my friends from Central Valley chuckled that we had a restaurant named Bakersfield and thought maybe it was a bad omen. 

The exterior is super hip with the wood-slat awnings, garage door windows and lack of tacky signage. The interior has a warm cozy feel with lots of unfinished reclaimed wood, Edison bulbs hanging everywhere and a busy stream of patrons.  They really nailed the feel of the place and I hope they stay for a long while in this seemingly cursed spot. Finding parking is not easy when the Valet lot and street parking is full, so hopefully they might strike a deal with another local business to borrow space after hours. 

The service is impeccable - very very fast food delivery and attentive service.  If you wish, you could get in and out for dinner in 30-40 minutes if you don't have to wait for a table and you're not drinking cerveza out of their adorable boot shaped glasses. 

But the menu...ugh. First, I've never been to a taqueria that didn't give free chips. C'mon folks. Jack up the cost of each taco by 1 buck and give us free chips already. The prices are reasonable, so just build it in. Second, if you don't want a taco, you are really limited to tostada or 2 different tortas. The sides are also quite limited. We did have the corn chowder which really sticks to the ribs- perhaps the cheesiest, thickest chowder I've ever had. It is fantastic with their chipotle salsa on top. 

For the main attraction, los tacos, they have 8(ish) different choices- two different chickens (mole & cider braised), pastor (pork & pineapple), two different vegetarian choices, a fish (mahi) and braised short rib.  My choices were really limited because I'm allergic to cilantro, so I had the mole with pickled onions and mahi without the slaw. Hubs had mahi, braised short rib, other chicken and pork. The tortilla are house made. Honestly, none of the tacos sang for us. The short rib was particularly dry, the mole was more acidic than smooth mole-ish like you want it to be, the cider braise was way vinegary, and the pork was fine.  The mahi was the top choice for both of us, though only comes with one fish finger in the middle, so don't expect to fill up on 2. Honestly, Pinky's & Cabo Fish Taco have better more filling choices.  
 
I saved my rant for the end, so feel free to tune out now. [Steps on soapbox] As I said, maybe it was just because two weeks ago I was in the SF Bay Area and had 2 stellar flavorful taco experiences (Tacolicious and Magdaluna), and this just paled in comparison, but I don't think so. If Charlotte wants to be taken seriously as a World-Class city, we better put our big girl pants on and get some world-class cuisine. Smaller Durham and Chapel Hill even seem to be outpacing us. There's no reason why this town can't have a really good taco place or good Chinese place, etc. There's nothing magical about Californian tacos. At this point you can pretty much get every single ingredient here as you can there, so they should be just as good. Tex mex places especially have gotten lazy (hear me, Picante, Vida and Maverick Rock Taco??) and think if you put any crap in a shell people will like it or eat it.  Maybe it's that most of these places don't have that Mexican heritage? I'm trying to reach for a good reason. And no, I'm not a haughty Californian- I've now been in Charlotte longer than the Bay Area, so I'm rooting for Charlotte to get better. Sometimes we all need a kick in the pants. 

So, Bakersfield, sorry for the tangent, but if you want to get serious about having good food in addition to a cool bar, recruit the guy from Burrito Factory to come in to help you with your menu/sauces. Until then, we won't be back.