I liked this place!!  I love the atmosphere and I think it is great to have a tex-mex trendy but affordable spot added to the Dilworth restaurant scene. 

Parking is a PAIN.  Best bet is to valet across the way.  They definitely need to figure out the parking situation because I would imagine it deters people from dining there.  We were here on a cold Monday night and it was still pretty packed so they will hopefully figure out a way to accommodate their customers.

The service was so-so.  Our waitress wasn't able to really recommend anything because she doesn't eat corn so therefore had not tried any of the tacos.  That was a little annoying but it happens.  She was just a little bla for this hyped up restaurant but again, it happens.

We ordered the guacamole and I found it to be wonderful!  It was chunky, great flavor and consistency.  My only complaint is that it was too small of a portion!  4 of us wolfed that thing down in minutes.  Can I also just say I hate that they don't just offer free chips and salsa?  Why?  Seriously why not?  They do put two bottles of salsa on the table for you to add to your tacos so we basically ate the whole bottle by dumping the salsa on chips.  Yay us!!  We figured out a way to have free chips and salsa! ha!
The avocado green salsa was very very good!!  The other one was smoky and hot and just so-so.  

We all ordered tacos and I thought they were pretty decent!  The chicken on the chicken roja was tender and full of flavor.  It was nicely complimented by the cilantro cream sauce and queso.  It all blended quite well.  We all enjoyed our tacos very much.

The wine we had was okay--not a great selection but I'm sure that isn't what they are known for.  It was my sister's birthday and they offered a free shot of tequila which was pretty funny.  No dessert menu which I hate because I need dessert at all times.  Quick fix?  Head to Menchies down the street.  I'm sure they appreciate the business!  

Overall I like this place.  I think it has a great vibe, decent food, so-so service and terrible parking.  It is what it is.