So I came with low expectations, this is a place I normally would not go to since it's not my style and I'm rarely on the strip. However Chris told us about some specials and I love hanging with my group of Yelpies so I came along. 

The staff is awesome at this place!

Firstly, they went above the notch in honoring a drink special that was only for the 4th but we mistakenly thought was ongoing. Thank you to the manager, Roland, who was very nice in doing this for us and for checking in on us a few times in the night. 

Our server was spot on. Seriously- we were checked on often, water cups never empty, chips and salsa never empty until we friggin' were so stuffed and saying "no more!!!". Some of the best service I've had in a long time so a shoutout to Donnie. 

Sometime in the night they put on the "Mas Tequila" song and were giving out free shots at the bar. No glass here, the dancing ladies poured it into your mouth and poured as much as your mouth can handle. I dont know how often this happens.

I had a 2 for 1 frozen margarita (this is from a coupon) and got a regular margarita and a pina colada though there were a few other flavors to choose from (strawberry daquiri, orange creme and peach I think). It was hot on the patio and hey, I'm at a place called Cabo Wabo so might as well drink something beach-y. They weren't very strong, I probably wouldn't buzz if I didn't get the big shot of Tequila at the bar. They were refreshing none the less so for $10, it was not bad at all.

I wasn't feeling like eating something heavy (I was waiting for my BF to have dinner with) so I was just drinking and noshing on chips, but I took a bite of my buddy Nins chicken taquitos and dipped them in a cheese sauce. They were actually decent and the chicken was juicy. I think most of the food seems ok. I wouldnt go as a local out of my way to drive down there, but you're in the area, it might be fine. 

If you like Tex- Mex food, Sammy Hagar/classic rock blasting and a unpretentious atmosphere, a patio to people watch (and watch the Bellagio fountains) this might be a place for you.

I wasn't expecting to have a good night based on the negative reviews of service, but I am pleasantly surprised.