Came here to grab some margaritas and a few small plates to share during the middle of the day. We sat outside and the place had a really great, lively atmosphere (but I guess you get that everywhere in Vegas). Great place for people watching, not only at the bar, but also the people along the strip. Decent playlist of music too! 

We ordered a pitcher of the house margaritas, which is premade. The waitress informed us it was premade before ordering and tried to convince us to upgrade to the margaritas that were made from scratch. We didn't listen, but we should have. The premade mix lacked tequila and was a little heavy on the sour mix. Our next pitcher, we switched to frozen (also premade) but found this one much, much better. If you don't want to pay the additional $10 for the "from scratch" margaritas, definitely get them frozen.

For food, we shared the queso dip and added chicken to it. This also came with free chips and salsa. The queso was pretty standard, but was disappointed that it wasn't the traditional white queso they serve at most restaurants - kind of looked like it was melted velveeta (which it wasn't). Was disappointed by the lack of chicken that was included in the queso, since we paid additional for it - definitely not worth the upcharge, as we only got a few pieces in it. The chips themselves were great and were warm when served. I personally liked the salsa that came with it, but my friend did not like it at all. It is definitely not a traditional salsa, but am unsure which ingredient made it a little different. 

We also shared the chicken taquitos, which were amazing. They were served immediately after being cooked, so they were nice and warm. The chicken inside was moist and not overcooked, as most meat in taquitos tend to be. The outside was crunchy. It also came with a good helping of guacamole, sour cream, and pico de gaillo which was nice to dip into. 

Overall, would definitely go back for the atmosphere and frozen margaritas and would be willing to try some different food.