We wanted to visit this restaurant because Sammy's "Cabo Wabo" tequila was a sponsor for a stunt plane we loved seeing at the airshows and we are loyal to folks who sponsor the sport we love. So while we were at CinemaCon this year we stopped in for dinner. We were very disappointed. I would have given it 3 stars for food. 1 star for service. To start with it was not busy, We were seated under a heat lamp on a rather warm night and had to move, I felt like I was getting a sun burn. Unfortunately no one came to check on us for some time. We almost walked out but right then we found a table not under a heat lamp and the bus boy helped us move to that table. Finally we met our waitress, she was very rude right off the bat. "what do you want to drink?", I told her I was hoping to see a drink menu. I was informed they were out. "If you come back next week you can see one." Yes she really said that. WOW! So I just got a boring margarita. Turns out it tasted like almost every other margarita I ever had. I had been feeling festive and wanted to try something new but oh well.  At this point we changed our plans and decided just to have our first drink and finish our dinner and find someplace else to have a few fun drinks and desert. Too bad because we had permission to use the company credit card for a night out. Cabo Wabo could have made more than a few bucks off of us sucker tourists. Haha. Well, When the waitress would condescend to stop by, she never once smiled. Made me feel like we were bothering her by coming in. Food was pretty good. I was just shocked at the attitude of the waitstaff we encountered. Also on a side note, I slipped on spilled ice when going to the restroom (womans restroom was a mess). The employees did not even help me up, a couple customers did. Luckily I was not hurt just turns out high heels and ice dont mix well, but the girl working inside, who was about 20 feet away when I fell,  could have asked me if I was okay nor did anyone seem concerned there was ice on the floor.

If I had to sum up our visit in one word: BUMMER