Let me exalt your praises, Mucho Gusto. Don't blush darling. Our love will not remain in the shadows! 

Do you remember the time that you almost tried to set my boyfriend on fire? You put on an amazing little impromptu firework show when your misters got into a fight with that pesky string of lights, but you were kind enough to quell our fear and try to erase that memory with free alcohol, you wily little minx. You needn't delete him from the equation. We're usually game for a three way with you, Mistress Gusto.

That was right when the two happiest hours in my otherwise hellacious day were coming to an end. You do know that between the hours of four and six, your warm embrace and sweet nectar are all I need to forget about the dramarama of the office. The memories of your hibiscus, tamarind and mango margaritas, frosty Dos XXs and generous glasses of sauvignon blanc bring a smile to my face, especially with a three dollar price tag.

And you're always very gracious when I graze freely on the chips and salsa when I'm feeling frugal. I don't know what combination of chili and spices you sprinkle on your toasty little delights, but they're positively divine. Although they can't even hold a candle to your tasty salsa.

To help keep me from acting like a lush, which would greatly embarrass me in your presence, you offer half price appetizers during happy hour. That guacamole of yours with the pomegranate seeds has a zesty twist, while your gigantic Mexican pizza and mountainous machaca nacho plate have lured large groups of my friends to your patio and bar on many an occasion. Sharing is caring, and you're trying to teach the world to be a better place, one shrimp cocktail at a time. 

When I'm feeling like a nice lunch or dinner instead of our usual rendezvous, your pozole always brings me happiness, with snow white hominy afloat in a sea of green and lots of tortillas to sop up that goodness. Your Colorado Stew is likewise as delectable, as are the Mexican street tacos. I especially dig how you let me mix and match three tacos, so I can add a red chili pork taco and fried fish taco into the mix!

Your cute little bistro setting with the beaded lamps and cushy bench seating made a delightful setting for a first date, while your exemplary menu, service and specials has had me coming back ever since. It's a good thing I'm not the jealous type, because I want to share you with all of Tempe.