Situated in a gorgeous Southwest inspired building on University, this gem has become a favorite of mine for several reasons.  First is the building itself.  You see, the way the light from the sunset pours over the stucco walls and onto the polished cement floor and the dark wood throughout, highlighting the beautiful concoctions in your glass and on the walls, well, that is something which can't be replicated.  To sit and sip a fresh-lime juice Margarita as the light fades from the day, ah.

Second, every thing I've eaten here has left me wanting more.  In a sea of mediocre Mexican, M.G. stands out as a clear favorite of Phoenix.  I believe the quality and quantity of dishes here blows away your Barrios and Gringos, sure you pay a bit for it, but the Guac is topped with a Grand Marnier and Jalapeno reduction!  Are you kidding me!?!

Third, and maybe most important, is the excellent Happy Hour that has become a staple of my diet.  Margs and beers for $3, Apps for $5.  The Apps list is large and diverse enough to get me coming back once a week for a year now.  The $10 nachos are $5 at HH and are huge. The rosemary mexican fry-bread pizza is so filling and tasty I can only eat half. The gringo quesadilla comes with a delicious salad topped with queso fresco and corn salsa. Glory!

I understand all of the lack-luster reviews here, the prices are a bit high for dinner, but the work that goes into what they do must be the cause.  There are a few of over priced, "fancy" dinner places in Tempe, Mucho Gusto is fairly priced, great at Happy Hour.

Special notes: 1.  The staff is a collection of sweet and hip folk.  Fletcher, the bartender, is a cool cat who'll bend over backwards for you to have a good time.  2.  The guacamole gets a mention again.  It is my favorite in the world. 3. They make a drink called the Mexico City mule, which they special order a ginger ale for, you can't order the ginger ale separately.  The drink is awesome, tequila, ginger and cucumber... try it.