I have lived practically across the street from this place for years and years and have always wanted to try it.  The Yelp reviews looked promising and I'm always up for something new and local.  Plus, I picked up a $25 Restaurant.com certificate for like $4.  PLUS, if you go to the Mucho Gusto website you can get a coupon good for one free margarita per person.  What a steal, right?

We went on a Thursday night at about 7 and the place wasn't that crowded.  We opted to sit outside on their great patio because the weather was perfect.

To start we each ordered a house margarita which were excellent.  Not too strong and not too sweet.  We also ordered the guacamole  which looked interesting and because of the recommendations here on Yelp.  It wasn't the best I've ever had but it was very good.  The Grand Manier jalapeno reduction they drizzle over it gave every bite a slight sweetness,  but I'm not sure that I am totally into sweet guacamole.

After the appetizer we ordered another round of margaritas.  This time we opted for one of their specialty "flavor infusions" in each of our drinks.  I don't remember what flavor each of us ordered, but you really had to pay attention because the flavor was very subtle.  It was good.......but subtle.  Next time I'm just going to stick to the regular.

For our entrees we ordered the machaca plate and fish tacos.  The machaca was just ok.  The size was good and the flavor was ok, but all in all it was just eh.  The fish tacos were a lot better but very pricey for what you get.

I'm not sure if I would rush back to eat dinner there again but I do want to return.  A lot of their other menu items sounds excellent and worth a try.  I will be definitely back in the near future to test out their happy hour which I hear is very good.

Our server was very fast and friendly and I have no complaints in that department.  I also cannot believe they accepted both our free margarita coupons and the Restaurant.com certificate.  Our $60 dollar bill turned into a $20ish dollar one which was great.  And yes...I tipped on the entire amount of the bill before the discounts.