I have a simple life, big and small, soft and crispy, full of obvious contradictions and some surprising incarnations. The life of a tortilla is much like anyone else full of glamour, large family drama and constant transformation. I'd like to share that story with you here today, my life as a tortilla.

Ever since being a young kernel of corn I've know I was different from the rest of the ear. While the other kernels longed to be cereal and ethanol, I knew that I wanted to be a star. Celebrated each and every day, giving promise of a brighter and tastier future. Then it happened, I was suddenly plucked, mashed, rolled and pressed, being transformed from the ugly duckling into the beautiful swan I always knew I was. Destined for greatness in the kitchen of Mi Patio, I knew it was all coming true for I am the corn tortilla.

From the second you walk in the door of my home, you can sense my presence. Bold colors, comfortable seating and smiling faces were all there to celebrate my life and times. As soon as you are seated a hot, lightly salty and crispy bowl of me is sat onto the table. They've cut me into triangles so I'm easier to handle, then I'm deep-fried golden and simply beautiful. My 2 friends, Mild and Spicy, are a couple of salsas that love to hang out all over me. Go ahead, grab me and dip me deep into one of them, slather me in their tomato goodness, I deserve it as much as you do. I have another friend, the cold and refreshing Margarita ($1.75), who simply completes me. Enjoy them slowly while the wandering minstrels play requests from my motherland of Mexico, this would bring a joyful tear to me eye, if I had one.

On the menu you can find many of my brothers, sisters and cousins. My cousin Quesapilla ($6.35) is a real show off though his beginnings are quite humble. Some also call him native fry bread but I just call him a crowd pleasure. Stuffed with gobs of cheese and griddled until melted and bubbly, he tastes just as good as he looks. Spoon on some fresh pico de gallo and you'll see why the ladies swoon and the men groom. My sister from another mother, Quesadilla ($5.95) is a total sweetheart. She's wide, thin and crispy all covered with cheese and I mean that in the nicest possible way. She, Mild and Spicy have a triad relationship, all complementing one another in each melted bite.

Baja Chicken Burro ($8.35) is one of my favorite uncles. He's the uncle who shows up delicious and golden brown, draped in an outrageous creamy coat of sour cream and cilantro, Id have to say he is all about glamour and fashion. Much like season 1 of Project Runway where Jay McCarroll and Wendy Pepper would cat fight every single week, my uncle Baja simply does not get along with auntie Huevos Rancheros ($8.35), a snide but delicious bitch. Her fluffy eggs are perfectly cooked, her delicious Ranchero sauce and her rice and beans make for a satisfying anytime platter.

Not liking to sound like a total me-me, I do have to say that I taste pretty good wrapped around Carne Asada con Pico de Gallo ($11.75). Tender steak grilled to a nice medium and served with pico de gallo, rice and beans. All you have to do is fill me up with some of your juicy meat and it's a win-win scenario. I get to soak up your meat juice and you get to eat all 6" of my round deliciousness.

Every family has a black sheep and mine is no exception. Coming from a Greek father and a Mexican mother, Gyros Chimi ($8.50), is one of mystery and excitement. Inside she is full of tender slices of roasted gyro meat, gently deep fried then she's covered in the perfect accessory, creamy cucumber sauce. To add to her difference she is served with a hearty baked zucchini complete with sliced onion and a rich tomato sauce. You'll have no idea what you're getting yourself into until you take your first bite, delish.

Unlike auntie Huevos, the Chorizo and Egg Burro ($6.55), is tasty and uncomplicated. Any chance I get to soak in sauce I'm so there! Try the #106 Beef Taco, Cheese Enchilada, Rice & Beans ($8.55) for a celebration of soak. Stuffed with cheese then covered in a slightly sweet and spicy sauce I taste real good if I can say so myself. I also enjoy being bent over, deep-fried then filled with beef and topped with lettuce and tomatoes. One bite into my crunchy exterior exposes my goods for you to enjoy completely.

I'm a firm believer that a meal is never complete without something sugary, it doesn't have to be too big. Fry bread with Cinnamon & Honey ($3.25) is sticky and sweet cousin of mine, who I like to call Fannie. Like my other cousin Quesapilla, she's golden brown, chewy and drizzled with honey and a sprinkle of cinnamon. After tasting Fannie, you might wonder why you've never given her a taste before?

Now that I've been able to share so much of myself with you here today, I feel a great peace and inner joy that can only be brought out by my loyal fans. In whatever form I take from a taco to a warm steamy basket know this, I am here for u.