Over the weekend, my girlfriend and I hit up Mi Patio based on the love lavished upon this place in its reviews.  There was a lot to love:

The horchata we got was made in a blender and fresh, not that bullshit you get behind the counter from a soft drink fountain and all watery.  This was the real fuckin' deal and it was delicious.  The cinnamon tasted like genuine cinnamon and it was cold and hit your brain where it mattered.

My machaca burrito was delicious, as always.  Machaca's never let me down, but almost everything else has been better or worse at most places, for a breakfast meat, it's the best around and will never disappoint you.

The chips and salsa they brought it out is always a treat that I enjoy.  The chips?  Eh, whatever, the salsa was the real star of the show and I thought it was tasty; not too spicy, pretty all around solid and I enjoyed the hell out of it before my food arrived.

I have to say though, my beans were, if not from a can, pretty damn close to it in taste.  My side of beans just wasn't very good.  Likewise, I tried some of my girlfriend's rice and was similarly "meh" about it.  It wasn't disgusting but if I had the option to not have rice or beans and just have my burrito by itself for a lesser price, I'd do that in a heart beat because the beans and/or rice isn't very good.

While my machaca burrito was intensely good, I had a bite of my girlfriend's tacos and they were not rad.  They were rather un-good.  The meat was dry, they were loaded with mounds of cheese and iceberg lettuce which was kind of weird considering the high rating this place gets.  For a place that gets a consistent 4 out of 5 stars, I was expecting a place that didn't have to rely on mounds of shredded cheese to make up for super dry beef.  

All in all, the place isn't bad.  It clearly depends on what you order.  The service was absolutely as good as could have been expected.  Like Robert O. said in his review, the dude makes his first couple stops without saying a single word.  It's like a silent agreement is taking place, like those big-brained creatures in the first episode of Star Trek that featured "Captain Pike" and not Kirk.