SHORT VERSION:

MAJOR disappointment tonight.  

Just paid $52 for 2 Pasta Heidi's (online menu says $22 each but they are now $24 each) from "Richardson's" when the EXACT SAME ITEM at "Rokerij" is $18.  Received horrendous service from Richardson's tonight.


FULL VERSION:

First off, it really kills me to write this.  My husband and I loved this place and met here often for dinner after work.  It's been a gem for us but I'm not sure we will go back after tonight.

My husband ordered 2 Pasta Heidi's to go tonight for our dinner tonight.  Nothing else.  No sides, no drinks, nada.   It's pretty far out of our way for a to-go order (from our house) but we were craving this delicious dish from Richardson's/Rokerij big time so we were more than willing to make the trek.

However, when my husband was about to sign for the bill, he noticed something felt off.  It was much more expensive than we normally pay.  He asked if the prices went up and the gal mentioned she wasn't sure, but that maybe it was because we had called the Richardson's phone number and not the Rokerij number. He then went to the Rokerij side and checked out their menu. 

Mind you, as many people who eat here know, there is a lot of carry over between the two.  In essence you can order many of the same items from one vs the other.  Heck, they even use the same font and menu layout!

Sure enough, he was right.  There was a $6 price difference for the exact same item.  He asked about it and a male server said they had just had this conversation with management last week because it doesn't make any sense and people have mentioned it. 

My husband then walked back over to the Richardson's side and asked to speak to someone about it since it must just be a mistake.  Our meal was literally $12 more at Richardson's for no real reason.  

After explaining the issue with the lady he was directed to (wish we had gotten her name) all she said "I don't know anything about that" and that "it is what it is" with a very condescending tone.  She neglected to offer any assistance to explore or amend the issue and smugly shrugged at him like he was crazy.

For the record, if this were a mere couple dollar difference we wouldn't have bothered, but $12 is a pretty big difference.

At the end of the day our experience was a seasoned patron's nightmare and it breaks my heart to share this story.

If you absolutely must have the Pasta Heidi, save yourself some frustration and money by ordering it at Rokerij.

Please see my photos for proof.  Both are menu screen caps from their website.   Both documents are dated 6.30.14, which indicates this is an issue they've probably known about for a while and haven't bothered to correct.