Life changing, absolutely!

Finally made it out to Richardson's after hearing nothing but good things about this restaurant. Right as we walked up you could smell the amazingness, is that a word??? Who cares... because the aroma had nothing on the the way the food danced off my tongue. Such a cute dim room, perfect for a date night, and I have to say that I was very impressed the the music selection. I mean who doesn't want to hear great tunes while enjoying a meal.
Anyway let's get down to the meal.

We ordered the New Mex con Queso, delicious! Great flavor not too spicy, fresh green chilies and spinach topped with Schreiner's Chorizo. The waiter asked if we had been there before and continued to tell us about their "Signature Dishes". I was already looking at the Pork Chop Chorizo when he sold me on the dish. For $27 you get a pretty decent size salad, fresh and crisp with jalopeno ranch. A side of Richardson's Famous Green Chili Potato, some mixed veggies and the glorious 14oz Pork Chop, double stacked stuffed with chorizo. This sits on top a large tortilla with beans, now you don't want to discard the base, you want it to soak up all the juices from the meat. I made sure to eat each bite of the chop with the beans and tortilla. Holy cow, was it marvelous. It arrives to the table in all it's glory on a silver platter, literally... my mouth dropped. I was not expecting anything of that size, and let me tell you about the icing on the cake or the chop for that matter...Mango Chutney. That definitely gave it the over the top, out of this world, better tan sex flavor...OMG heavenly!

Now, I do consider myself somewhat of foodie for sure...but I have to say, I have not had anything that amazing in a long time. I was expecting to have some great grub but I did not think I was going to come home still salivating over my dinner. Thank god I have more then half left over for lunch. This is for sure my new favorite place, can't wait to come back again. All in all the atmosphere, great wait staff, and quality of food, I give this gem 2 thumbs up! Richardson's I will see you soon.