We have been to Richardson's many times in the past -- but after moving away and returning recently we decided to go with some local friends last night.  We have not been to Richardson's since the original (which we LOVED) burned down.

We had a 6:45 reservation and could only be seated on the patio -- which was fun, festive, and comfortable.  However, we had to wait a bit for our table so we sat at the bar and ordered up a few drinks.  The bartender was inattentive and aloof -- and the drinks -- margaritas, were horrible!  We were a bit surprised by this.

When we were seated at the table the bartender, again, was our server.  Before we even had a chance to get settled in she came over to take our appetizer order.  We explained that we needed some time because we were just getting settled in, and we still had our bar drinks in front of us.  In less than 5 minutes she was back again -- and quite annoyed that we weren't "ready."  

We decided to order appetizers.  When they arrived we were told the plates were HOT and to be careful.  Actually, the plates were barely warm!!  The queso was nearly cold and the skewers were cold as well!  We waited for her to return but she didn't -- so we picked at the appetizer and continued to talk.  When she finally showed up she was ready to take our order but didn't ask about the appetizers, so we told her they were presented cold.  She said, "Hmmm, well you managed to eat most of it!"  How inappropriate was THAT?? And, again, we weren't ready to order because we were busy talking AND we wanted her to get back so we could tell her the appetizers were unacceptable.

Finally, we ordered.  We asked her to please be sure the entrees were warm. Oh, they were warm, alright.  Each of us ordered something different but our plates looked almost identical -- TONS of red chile and everything was dark brown -- burned looking.  My burrito was unrecognizable and so covered in the red sauce as to be unpalatable.  The chile relleno was so-so.   We LOVE spicy food and love spicy chile! This was just unacceptable! Each of us picked at our plates and decided to give it up.  It was horrible! When the server resurfaced and asked if we wanted boxes (because most of our entrees were still on the plate), we told her we didn't.  Again, she didn't even ask if there was a problem!

This visit was not only disappointing, we will NEVER return.  Oh - and the tab for 4 of us was $180.  That would be okay IF the service and food was good!! This server was inattentive, annoying, and not service oriented AT ALL!  She got a 10% tip (and we are typically 20-25% tippers) and left.  We were also quite surprised that a manager didn't come around to check on things.  I can't believe they get repeat customers if that bartender/server is what they have to offer on the patio.

HORRIBLE!!!!!