I just want to preface this by saying I LOVE to go out to eat.  And I am not picky and NOT hard to please.  But last night's dinner was one of the top 3 worst dinning experiences of my life.

I don't think the night could of possibly gone worse.  We walked in and were completely ignored.  Servers acted like we were in the way (there was no where to go - didnt they just remodel?  Couldnt they fix that?). And the restaurant was practically empty.  Finally someone came up to us and asked to help us.  I told them we had a reservation and they started to walk us to a table.  The aisle is only one person wide and he walked us to a table full of people.  He said "oops, that was wrong, I guess we are going over there..." so we all had to turn around and shimmy down the aisle to the OTHER side of the restaurant.  We were sat in a booth for a few moments when we were approached by an employee who told us we couldnt sit there and the person who sat us "was just a busser."  Um, WTF?  So we are moved to a 1/2 booth/table.  Finally sat, a server immediately approaches us and asked if we would like something to drink or an appetizer.  Um, just sat down, super annoyed, can i get a minute to recover please?  

And this server then proceeded to suck my will to live the rest of the night.  More on that later, though.

It is ridiculously dark in the restaurant.  Like, cannot see jack dark.  And the pillows in the booths kind of gross me out...like sleeping in a stranger's bed with dirty sheets.  And bottom line, the food isnt good enough to put up with price and the hassle of valet parking.  My mother in laws steak was well done when she ordered it medium.  My "stuffed" pork chop didnt appear to have anything in it.  But again, it was so dark I could of been eating a bear for all I know.

Back to the server.  She would take our order, not write it down and come back FIVE MINUTES LATER and double check with us what we ordered.  And her guess was wrong!  She did it with the drink order AND the food order.  So I guess it makes sense the steak was incorrectly cooked...

End of drinner, we just want to get the hell out...server takes the bill and credit card, brings it back with no receipt to sign.  And of course never comes back.  We had to hunt someone down and he brought us back the recipt to sign.  Sigh.

At the very end of the night, we then get stuck waiting in a line for the valet.  Some lady butted in front at the line.  Unfortunately for her, she got the brunt of my frustrations.  Poor gal was probably just as scarred by her shitty dinning experience.