DO NOT TRY TO SPEND BIG MONEY HERE, YOU WILL GET KICKED OUT FOR NO GOOD REASON AT ALL (NO GOOD REASON BEING THE BOUNCER'S NAPOLEON COMPLEX).

My best friend lives in Phoenix, and every time the gang comes to town to reunite, we always head to El Hefe and have always had the best time there.

But apparently, when you like to spend a lot of $$$ though, the El Hefe bouncers (I'm talking to you blonde curls), like to treat you like total sh*t. 

You see, it all started when we all came to town to celebrate my best friend's  graduation. (Keep in mind we're all grown adults, not college aged kids who go crazy).  We show up at El Hefe early enough to secure a table, and I proceed to drop over $500 in shots and bottle service for 13 of us (and the others bought their own drinks in addition to this). This blonde haired bouncer continuously tries to get us to clear the space in between two of the tables on the far end of the bar (because the girls were surrounding all four sides of the table, dancing), we refuse because HELLO, OUR BOTTLE & DRINKS ARE ALL ON THIS TABLE back off and leave us alone. Not even a third of our bottle gone and thus, still very sober, I am told that my best friend got kicked out for "being too drunk". I immediately walk outside to find him very calm, standing there asking the other bouncer in what way he was "too drunk" because he had not done A THING. We were all standing around talking and/or dancing. He was there with his wife. He's not acting inappropriately nor is he unable to stand or talk without slurring his words. I'm thoroughly confused as to what "too drunk" is, especially because I could point to at least 15 people inside that were most DEFINITELY too drunk. 

Then, I turn to see my other friend being held by at least 3 bouncers, one of whom had him in some choke hold, being VIOLENTLY THROWN on the cement curb. (REALLY, A CURB? IT COULDN'T BE FLAT GROUND?!!).
Here's the best part, he also was not acting inappropriately and was apparently also asking one of the bouncers why our other friend got kicked out.  HOW I WISH I HAD VIDEO-RECORDED THE ENTIRE INCIDENT.

So now two of our friends have been kicked out for no good reason, we're WELL over $500 out, not even a third of our bottle has been drunk (keep in mind, there were 13 of us) and the bouncers unnecessarily used excessive force in throwing out one of my friends.

One of the bouncers then tried to pour our bottle out (nice try buddy), but we handed it to another table instead) and we took it up with the manager, who offered to give us another bottle if we returned the following night to make up for it. (By the way man, you should probably be aware of your bouncer's behavior so you can better "manage" the place). I didn't go back the following night but my friends did and the manager did offer them all  2 rounds of drinks on the house. (Good for him for recognizing terrible customer service to a group that's spending good money in your business).

In any case, none of this should have went  down and I can think of a few bouncers who need to go through some serious training and learn how to treat your well-behaved paying customers. 
Sadly, we'll be avoiding El Hefe and its bouncers with a Napolean complex from now on.