if you want douches and crap service then El Hefe is your spot. Two years ago this was a rotation nightout spot for friends and I, so, I never had the chance to try out the place during early evening hours for food and drink. Fast forward to recently, seeing that Hi-Fi Kitchen across the street was ridic crowded compared to not as busy El Hefe, a friend and I decided to stop by for a drink and a snack. Upon entering we were told by one of the server/hostess girls to pick a table or sit at the bar. We both wanted to sit outside but saw all their high tops were taken and reluctantly sat at the bar. After a few mins, while waiting to order drinks, a table emptied out, and we snatched it up and this is where they get a one star. 

Personally they do a good job as a bar in old town during the weekends, they play okayish dance music, it's loud, it's happening, it's relevant. They have the douches out to play and they keep the nighttime masses liquored up BUT that's it. Service wise they fail miserably. As we sat at our table, we waited, and waited, and waited so more. There was a server who went by us to attempt to clean up (attempt because she didn't do much) another vacated table, she passed us yet again to check on another table, and passed us yet again just walking by. She could clearly see that we were sitting there with two menus, looking at it, and now bored looking at our phones, and not ONCE did she take the courtesy to stop by and offer a drink order or water. NOTHING. Let me add, it's a bit disconcerting as a customer when you hear the bar staff express concern that Hi-Fi seems really busy across the street while they talk about their lack of business on their side. With servers that do not provide service I can see why you ought to be worried. 

I'm a patient person, and I give props to good service where due but our last straw occurred when a group of girls (six in all) showed up, walked in a grabbed a table behind us on the patio, and lo behold, the SAME SERVER, walks up and assists them, hands out menus, and turns around and ignores us yet again. WTF?!? We got up, we walked out. I saw the manager and felt the need to express my disgust at what I witnessed, maybe I didn't express myself clearly but he didn't seem to care much either. We walked out.