So after almost blacklisting and adding both El Hefe's to my "Pot-o-doucheebaggery" Yelp list I ended up visiting BOTH locations this week - the Scottsdale location on Wednesday and the Tempe location on Friday. I must have been in the mood to forgive this week.

So to start, I am guessing that el hefe is a spin on the word el jefe, which means THE BOSS in Spanish. I learned this on my cab ride to El Hefe when I said, "Do you know where we are going... el hefe" and him and my brother started laughing and said, "yes I am listening." They told me that it sounded like I was calling him the boss. Dammit, I need to brush up on my Spanish.

So anyways, el jefe dropped us off at El Hefe. We got there at 10 something and the line was about 8 people deep. One thing that really turned me off about the Hefe previously was that the line there was always effing ridiculous. We got lucky Friday because by the time we got in and ordered a beer, the line was already probably 50 people deep and remained that way  for the rest of the night. With that said, the bouncers seemed to try to get people in quickly and the place didn't seem overtly packed.

There was enough room for me to get my dance on out on the patio and to sneak over and photobomb someone's photo (which he tried to kick me out of the way). Which BTW - sir, please send me that picture! (JK). I did get on the dance floor a few times but it was a little too packed for me. I don't mind it being packed, but I prefer to bump uglies with females if we are going to get that close. :) Honestly though, I enjoy any dance floor where people are having fun - I don't care who you are. I'm more of a PLUR-kid - peace, love, unity, and respect!

As far as the dance floor went, one true complaint that I had was that there wasn't enough zebra going on. I saw it come out for a bit and then it disappeared. WHERE DID YOU GO MY LOVER!? Who doesn't like getting beat up by a zebra on the dance floor whilst drinking? So note to management, make sure the zebra doesn't get put away! Whoever was on the decks that night spun a great set too. As I alluded to earlier, my favorite music is EDM and that is pretty much the flavor they played all night.

The crowd was far from my prior douchebag experiences. I was impressed, yes IMPRESSED, that they let some people dressed up in (one as Gumby, the other I don't remember). Hell yes, Gumby is here to party! This was a welcome change after a previous experiences left me at odds with the bouncer after being told that I was out of dress code (my pant legs touched the ground, but weren't ragged). I got to talk to a lot of people and nobody seemed like they were too good to talk to. Kudos.

The main bar seemed pretty efficient. I could always get in and get a drink and not feel like I had to totally hustle people to get in there. The bartenders were quick, poured well, and were friendly. The biggest drawback (and the reason that I am giving 4 stars instead of 5) is the lack of good prices. While they weren't outrageous... it is just that I love... you hear this management... I LOVE when a place charges whenever they want to charge for everything, but put something on some special deal. You can cycle it or have it always the same - make it something stupid if you want - cans of Natural Light for $1.50? That crap is terrible, but I'll be the guy buying 18 of them... which will then make me want to buy shots to compliment it. I know that this type of scheme isn't something that everyone likes to participate in, but there are plenty of us that would trade a little quality for quantity, especially if our primary objective is to get nice and drunk and for cheap. Even if you didn't want to do Natty Light... then have some sort of specials. People love feeling like they are getting something at a discount. Kudos to you for having the liquors to make a Alabama Slammer too - nobody seems to stock Sloe Gin.

Another drawback, although minor, is the bathrooms. When the place gets busy a bouncer normally throttles the line to get into the bathrooms, but this sucks because he holds people back and creates a bottleneck that goes into the dance floor. So you have people waiting in line for the bathroom, people on the dance floor, and people just trying to get through the crowd to go outside or get to their table. The line throttling is needed - don't get me wrong - otherwise the bathroom would turn into an absolute cluster-fk due to the design. But is there another way to be more efficient without making that nasty bottleneck? Also, in the guy's bathroom, there is that one urinal that nobody can use because it is in that weird corner where you pretty much have to put one leg on your neighbor's urinal and one on the wall (this urinal did have a bag over it so I'm not sure if it was broke or they were just recognizing the absurdity of the urinal).

So in summary:
FOOD: N/A
MUSIC: 5/5
BATHROOM: 4/5
LAYOUT: 3/5
BARTENDERS: 5/5
PRICES: 4/5
CROWD: 5