My husband and I stopped for the Adopt A Rescue Pet Bullies and Brews fund raising event that was being hosted at Yayo Taco. I was excited about getting to try out a new place to eat while also getting to help animals in need. Sadly, Yayo Taco isn't on my list of places to hurry back to... 

The guy that took our order could have used an attitude adjustment. I get it, you are working on a Saturday, sucks to be you..  Still would be nice if you smiled and perhaps offered us glasses for the beers we just ordered... Or at the very least not acted like you were doing us a favor by getting them when requested. The person that brought out our food was much more pleasant. 

My husband ordered the chicken burrito, I went with 2 carne asada tacos, and two sides... People that know my eating habits know I loveloveLOVE sweet potatoes in almost any form, particularly sweet potato fries. So the sweet potato fries were a must try, and I also had an order of plantain chips. 

I am spoiled when it comes to carne asada and while these tacos were ok, I have certainly had a lot better. The meat was cut into large chunks and it was a lot wetter then I am used to but there was a lot of it for the size of the tacos. A couple pieces had more fat/gristle then I like to eat. My sweet potato fries were disappointing, super thin and burnt tasting. The plantain chips were the highlight of my meal, so good I was tempted to get a second serving.

My husband only ate about half of his burrito, mainly because he was starving. The veggies in his burrito were tasty but the overly sweet chicken seasoning ruined it for him. Perhaps he would have been happier with something else on the menu? 

If I was a student at UNLV I would probably give Yayo Taco another shot and try some different items off the menu... The prices were quite reasonable and the selection of beers was great. I can't see myself driving across town for these tacos again though, unless of course there is another dog rescue fund raiser being held here...