Taquitos Jalisco serves up Mexican street food common to the state of Jalisco.  You might be more familiar with the state capital city, Guadalajara.  This particular restaurant has a "sister" property on Gilbert Road that I've heard has better tasting food than this location.  Hmmm... I may have to find out!  as this was very good Mexican street food!  There's a bandwagon forming for Taquitos Jalisco and it's making stops in Mesa!

Let me jump on the bandwagon for a ride too!  I missed the Yelper Lunch UYE here in April, but I scheduled my lunch group to go here this month.  I'd heard from Robyn N and Rand H that the place was small, but had no idea that by small they meant TINY!  The international lunch group that I organize was about 14 deep for lunch!  We were smart enough to arrive early.  Every table was taken once we got in the door.  Thankfully, it was not terribly hot outside and the tables outside were still open.  We gladly occupied those tables under the shade with the roar of the traffic on Broadway whizzing by.

I sat next to my buddy Dawn K and we split our food!  I ordered 3 carne asada Tacos and 2 Tamales.  I will say that I was disappointed with the Tacos.  The carne asada was a little dry for me.  But still tasty enough to enjoy.  The tamales were fantastic!  I split one of my tamales with the entire group so that everyone could get a taste.  But I saved the other for myself for lunch the next day!  Dawn K ordered a platter with 3 things on it.  Enchilada, Taco and a Chile Relleno.  I tried some of her Chile Relleno!  The chile relleno was extremely good.  It was my favorite thing that I tasted.  

I did not try it, but one lunch'er raved about the fish tacos and Robyn N also said their fish tacos were very good.  A slip of the brain as I would have ordered that instead of the carne asada taco.

Everyone in the group was happy, even the vegetarian lunch'er was happy with his veggie burrito!  Score!  This place is worth stopping in and trying.   

Remember, this is definitely a DIVE!  The parking lot is also very small.  It is on the north side of the street.  Pay attention.  The building is so small, you will likely drive past it and miss the turn.