You will get no argument from me that PHX Burrito House has solid food.  My first time here confirmed that much.  That said, two aspects of this place were a little off putting to me.  The prep time, and the portions.  With all the Mexican food spots as well as national goliath Chipotle dotting the valley landscape, you'd better be doing everything right to thrive in this saturated burrito market.  From where I stand, this place will have an uphill battle.

A solid overall Yelp rating was what brought me here on my way home from work on a Thursday afternoon.  Its a cute spot right in the heart of the Melrose neighborhood.  I believe Fry Bread House used to be here once upon a time.  There's seating both inside and out, but only for probably about 25-30 at most. I got here around 4pm and the place was pretty dead so I figured I'd grab a few of their items super quick and be on my way.  Not so much.  

I ordered their Shrimp Burrito (which includes chips and salsa on the side) and a plain quesadilla to go.  Total cost was $14.  I sat up front thinking they'd be able to get my food done super quick (since there was only one other person in the restaurant).  5 minutes.  10 minutes.  Finally, just over 15 minutes later they had my food ready to go.  The woman up front was plenty friendly, though didn't seem apologetic about the wait.  I guess this is the normal prep time?  I can only imagine what the wait would be like when its busy.

Alright the food.  When I opened up the bag of goodies, the portions weren't what I expected.  For comparison, I would say the burrito I got here is probably about 2/3rds the size of what you'd normally get at Chipotle.  The quesadilla and even the bag of chips they included were also smaller than what a Chipotle would offer by comparison.  That said, the shrimp burrito I got was awesome.  The texture of the tortilla was perfect.  It had plenty of shrimp, avocado, cabbage, pico de gallo, and a surprisingly potent hot sauce.  Very satisfying.  The quesadilla as well as the chips and salsa were also quite good too, though I've certainly had better elsewhere.

So I guess in summary, 4 stars for the food itself, but 2 stars for the rest of the experience.  I'd probably come back if asked, but I would never go the take out route here again.  I suppose their sole focus might be just on those who choose to dine in, rather than those who want to grab and go.  They have other offerings including tacos, some baked pastries and even a decent Mexican beer selection that would probably make this a cool place to hang out with friends.  But for the same price, you can probably get better bang for your burrito buck at Chipotle and other valley Mexican establishments.