I've read the reviews for this place with great interest, and after much careful consideration gave 'ole Tex a try tonight.

Woefully unimpressive.  And this comes from a guy who's a fan of dive Mexican restaurants.  If I could sum up the entire experience in a word, it would be "dull."

We walked into the place, which was largely empty - there were two other tables, each with 2 people.  We were immediately seated, and that's about the end of the good news...

Server didn't understand our request for a "Patron Margarita, on the rocks, with salt."  It took us 5-6 explanations before she got it down.  She came back 15 minutes later with the margarita - it was close, but didn't have any salt... oh well.

We then asked if we could get some chips (yes, I know they're $1, and that's totally cool - I can handle paying $1 for some chips; not sure why so many Yelper's have a cow over this), and again, she returned about 10-15 minutes later with our chips, turned and walked away.

We stopped her and said that we'd like to order some food.  Her response was, "Oh, I thought you guys wanted to keep talking so I was going to check back in a bit."  Um, ok, I guess...

We ordered 4 tacos - the Philly Cheesesteak taco, the buffalo chicken taco, a classic taqueria with chicken, and one of the deluxe tacos with carne asada.  Off she went, our order in hand.

We munched on the chips and the salsas... we tried all four (4) salsa varieties - each tasted nearly identical to the other.  Even the "hot" salsa didn't taste any different than the medium or mild did.  Sure, they were different colors, but that was about it.   ARGH.

20 minutes passed and our tacos arrived.

Tiny.  Absolutely miniscule in size; sparse toppings.  The cheesesteak taco wasn't anything like I pictured it... had a single chunk of "beef" (tasted more like a Steak-Um), with 1 onion slice, 3-4 small cubes of red pepper, and a dribble of cheese sauce.  Taste?  None - completely lacking.

The buffalo chicken taco was even worse.  Picture a single chicken McNugget dunked in a bad buffalo wing sauce and placed on a tiny corn tortilla, and then "topped" with 3-4 small chunks of tomato and onion.  Taste?  None - like eating cardboard.

The chicken taco wasn't any better.  A sliver of grilled chicken, a few small chips of pico (flavorless), and a few shreds of cheese.  Taste?  None.  I've had better pico from Aldi's grocery store.

And finally, the "deluxe" taco... take the Steak-Um from the Philly taco and throw on a bunch of flavorless toppings.  Yuck.

All in all - a horribly forgettable experience.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that Taco Bell has better tacos than this place does.  Seriously.  And our "meal" cost just over $30.  Yikes - 4 tacos, 1 margarita, chips, and a soda.  Wow.

Tex Tubb's = FAIL (in a big way)

Service = 1 star (non-existent)
Food = 0 stars (no flavor, small tacos, just awful)
Value = 0 stars
Misc = 1 star (interior is sort of neat)

Skip this place and go to a real taqueria, Taco Bell, or Taco Johns.  I'd recommend that 'ole Tex take a weekend and visit some of the taquerias in Austin for a refresher course.