This place is AWESOME over in the NODA area. We have made the way over from South Charlotte on several occasions and have NEVER been disappointed. They have a standard menu of the typical taco choices, however they ALWAYS have a special two choices wrote on the ever so colorful chalk board along with the drink specials..
The staff is varies which is pretty cool, they include tatted up people, college students, Goth, Hippy, Happy, etc.. EVERYONE work well together and are all HAPPY to be there working and appear to LOVE their job.
I must say the ladies room on the left side of the venue is pretty funny. The door has a lady on it and when you enter you enter to one sink and two toilets with no separation between the two commodes other than a small wicker basket with 3 drawers containing tissue.
THIS IS PRETTY AWESOME to me ONLY because it has been several times that me and the ladies have gone out and we all have to go equally as bad and with this set up we can go at the same time.. NOT SURE I'D WANT TO only because that's awkward squatting next to your friend. What type of conversation happens when you are squatting next to your girlfriend LOL..
I LIKE it for taking my daughter to the restroom with me as we are able to go in at the same time and have an additional commode if she get the urge while waiting on me..

Enough about the LADIES ROOM..
Some of my many check-ins are below with what I was indulging in with the Mr. or with my daughter or with the Ladies:

  
Jerk Salmon & Grilled Mahi Tacos!

the chipotle lime salmon taco & beer battered shrimp taco is a winning combination ;-)

Blacken Seabass taco special is a must!!

The chips & in house fresh salsa is SPICY & AWESOME. Any of the various fish tacos are great I LOVE the grilled Mahi Mahi & Shrimp taco..

Salsa & Chips is very TASTY & a tad bit Spicy which I LOVE!!


Cons: There is a SERIOUS wait time on the weekends in the evening as the place is popular. Not sure if that's a CON because it's GREAT BUSINESS for a GREAT restaurant.