I really hate to be a debbie downer, I know A LOT of people love this place....but I have a standard, if i can make it at home just as good or better, then it's not worth eating there.  And I would have to say, this is one of those places where I can make it just as good, and probably better at home, and i have had far superior tacos other places that i would go back and pay for.

We got the beer battered shrimp tacos with Nopalito Salad.. The shrimp weren't bad, but not the best i've ever had.  The taste was acceptable, but, as my dad would say, "it's nothin' to write home to mom about."  and the Nopalito salad....ew.  My boyfriend had it there once before and said it was good, but this night he had to give it two thumbs down.

We also ordered BBQ MAHI TACOS, which based on the menu description, sounded like it would be really good!  ( Grilled mango BBQ Mahi-Mahi tacos stuffed with Cabo slaw, tomato, avocado, mixed cheeses & finished with our cilantro white sauce)  Yet when it got to the table, again the flavor was acceptable, but very mediocre.  I got it with the jalapeno mashers, which was apparently mashed potatoes with diced jar jalapenos and shredded cheese on top....and to be honest, i did not like the flavor of the mashed potatoes...there is a spice they put in it that just did not mix well with the flavor of potatoes....maybe cummin? or something like that...not sure, as i haven't really learned to tell completely the flavor of a spices.  But I really couldn't eat more than 2 bites and then thought to myself, its not worth wasting calories on something that doesn't taste good!  lol

The food was also room temperature, I would have expected it to be warmer when it got to the table.  

for the money, I would say this place is not worth going back to.  If we would have paid $5  a plate, I wouldn't complain, but it was no were near worth about $10 a person for the quality of food we received.  If you're looking for good tacos, i'd say keep moving....in fact Taco Bell just may be more satisfying, cheaper, and give you hot food.  :)