I was visiting my good friend from Charlotte this past weekend. She proclaimed that, no matter how long the wait, we HAD to go to Cabo. I was a little tired from the 2 and a half hour drive, but reluctantly agreed to brave the wait (which was 45 minutes). We were able to get a place at the bar and were immediately given chips and corn salsa. I was a bit disappointed when I looked at their drink menu and saw it full of my "NEVER drink of choice"... margaritas. However, my friend told me I HAD to try a margarita (peer pressure...), so I went with the Purple Haze (no salt). It was actually delicious--a little sweet and not overly "tequila" tasting. The bartenders were very nice--two of them offered to serve us dinner at the bar so we didn't have to keep waiting. We decided to wait for a table, which worked out pretty well, because after we ordered our second round, the hostess called our name to be seated. With the excellent bar service and upbeat atmosphere, the 45-minute wait didn't feel very long at all.

When we sat down at our table, our waiter immediately greeted us with more chips and salsa (not like I needed anymore...). We asked for water, and he brought us that in under a minute. During our wait, I glanced at a menu, so I already knew what I wanted (the blackened mahi-mahi tacos). We ordered our food and seriously (I am not kidding) 5 minutes (tops) later, our food was at our table. We were both shocked. I mean, I guess tacos aren't that difficult to make, but that is still impressive for a very crowded restaurant. I had the herb mashed potatoes as a side, which were very good. I absolutely loved the mahi-mahi tacos--and the tortillas (I believe they make them in-house) were delicious. Unfortunately, I was a little full from drinks and chips earlier and wasn't able to finish my food, but I definitely would have if I had the room (this is saying a lot...I'm rarely able to eat a whole meal in its entirety!). Our waiter brought us our checks when it was evident that we were done eating, and even made the effort to refill my friend's water after we had already cashed out. It was nice to feel like we weren't forgotten because we already paid. I left Cabo Fish Taco very full and very much so wishing there was one in Chapel Hill! I definitely recommend it for anyone that loves seafood--even if there is a 45 minute wait!