The lady and I have very different opinions of this place, however I believe it would be intellectually dishonest for me to give the 2 stars she so vehemently believes they deserve.  So, in deference to her opinion let me quite upfront with what she deservedly does not like about the place.  Two words... "no substitutions".  Now, if you suffer from the affliction of being a picky eater...first, my condolences...secondly, you know the need to have some control over the food presented to you.  This is not an option for kevin sousa's menu at yo moma,,,woops! I mean "yo rita".  The other issue is that the bartender was less than expected and made a drink that sounded delicious on the menu nearly undrinkable.  The space itself is quite pleasant.  There are high ceilings, a big bar to the right, plenty of tables.  your appropriate amount of hipsters and yuppies (and I'm using these terms (including this yuppie) in the most unflattering sense possible.  There also are some interesting candles and what looks like copper artwork on the wall.  Here is what I really like about the place...."the food".  I don't know of anywhere in the burgh' where I can get such interesting tacos as "freshwater eel", soft shell blue crab" or "chicken livers",,, for a "foodie" (another word I despise!) the ability to have simple street food reinvented with interesting ingredients is a bit of a revelation especially when cooked properly, which for the most part these were.  I had the chicken livers taco which was served on a flour tortilla with shredded cabbage, perfectly season and flavored fried chicken livers, bacon,,, lemon garlic aioli and guava (although the guava was barely noticeable).  This was $5 and was a nice portion of my first chicken liver taco,,, another first was the duck taco.  The duck was cooked perfectly medium, think of the best piece of juicy moist duck breast you've had with a little crispy skin and this was that.  However, imagine wrapped in a tortilla with fresh cilantro, jalapeno and a nice fig chutney.  Annie was able to eat the chicken livers, but that was about where her dining experience ended.  If the service was a bit better, the drink prepared properly this may have earned four stars. It may even deserve 3 1/2 stars now but that's not an option.  I'll be back and I look forward to chef sousas' other venture in garfield (I think?) if he can ever get it "off the ground".