"Okay" is the appropriate way to describe this place.  The difference between two and three stars seems a bit extreme, as it wasn't bad by any means, but it certainly doesn't have me excited to go back anytime soon.  I feel comfortable giving it three stars because the service was excellent; the staff was super friendly, helpful, and very welcoming.  I also think they did a nice job with what they had to work with in the existing building.  It's simple but comfortable, and a good environment for their type of product.  Where the Stand falls short though is where it's most important, the food!

I had a couple of short rib tacos, the lady had the veggie tacos, and we ordered a side of fries, chips and salsa, and a dulce de leche shake (we wanted to make sure we got a good variety to try, I guess...)  The ingredients definitely seemed to be of quality and fresh, just like they advertise, but nothing was really that 'great'.  Short ribs are typically very juicy, tender, and succulent, these tacos were almost on the dry side.  The veg tacos had a good mix of veggies in them, but again did not really serve up anything that would make us regulars.  I guess I might be less critical on the taste and finished product if it weren't so expensive.  The tacos weren't cheap, and either were the fries.  The fries were good, comparable to the regular fries at five guys in taste and price, but think about 1/8 less quantity than you would get in the lunch bag portion at 5 guys.  The dulche de leche shake was good, plain and simple - it didn't disappoint, but I'm not craving to have it anytime soon either.  

I really wanted this place to be good, as it's a few blocks from my house, but the product at the price point just doesn't deliver, and one or the other has to give.  The shake and the fries were good, but nothing I couldn't get over at zinburger or many other spots in the area.  Granted, I did not have the burger on this go round, and the place is still very new, I just didn't feel like I was getting my money's worth.  Either the food would have to be significantly better to get me to pay sit-down taco prices (overhead of a sit-down Mexican restaurant aside) or the prices would have to come down to get me to feel like that quality of food was 'worth' it.  Maybe it's a case of this business not really finding its identity.  They seem to be trying to serve higher than drive-thru quality food at higher than drive-thru quality prices while still trying to maintain their 'drive-thru 2.0' type image.  

I guess given the many good food choices in the arcadia/biltmore area, this one just didn't have anything to set itself apart and get me to go there instead of any of my other options.