I've just gotten back from my second visit to The Stand and feel inclined to update my first 5 star review to a 4, now having gotten over my "first date" giddiness and tried the tacos.

As promised, I went back today to try them (tacos). Well, they weren't as nearly as good as I had hoped. I ordered one short rib ($3) and one chicken ($2.50), along with another burger (yes, I'm a glutton).

Neither taco came even close to knocking my socks off. Don't get me wrong, both were good, but thats it. The short rib taco was the better of the two, mainly because of the addition of the cotija cheese which was the most flavorful part of either of them.

Both were shredded meat and neither had that punch of flavor I (and every one else) is looking for in a taco. The chicken was a little grainy with much too fine of a shred with almost no flavor. Put some seasoning on that thing!

Short rib is short rib, nearly always great, but theirs lacked that succulent richness that I look for with that type of meat. 

They also ask if you want mild or hot salsa ON the taco. I asked for the hot, but on the side because I didn't want the salsa to take over and I had no idea if it was good or not. Boy, I'm glad I asked for it on the side. It is chunky SALSA, not a smooth hot SAUCE, which i prefer on a taco. Excellent for chips, but not on my taco, and it was nowhere NEAR the realm of spicy. My Mom could eat bowls of the stuff.

Considering two stars is "Meh. I've experienced better", these are definately a two. With places like Gallo Blaco out there, the taco battle is a tough one to enter, nearly as tough as the bigger burger war that they have also entered.

I did get a cheeseburger that was as good as the first. Quite good and fresh tasting, and a 5 star burger, but only because of the price point.

Service is also excellent. In fact, couldn't be better with them clearing your plate when you finish and having smiles all around. Definitely 5 stars for that. The place was MUCH busier than last week which is a good thing.

Keep your charm, The Stand. I'll be back, but its burgers only from now on.

A side note... I think us Yelpers can sometimes be TOO picky. I'm guilty of it too for sure. We want EVERY burger to be the best we've ever had, every taco to leave us speachless. Well. I'm not sure that every place is meant for that, or even tries for that. How many stars does good food at a good price garner...? With the competition out there can a place like that even stay in buisness? I dunno. Just something for me to think about I guess.

PS - I do agree that adding the choice of green chilis or a fried egg would be a spendid option. I too and am absolute whore for a fried egg on a burger.