I was born in this neighborhood, so I was curious to see who the next "victim" would be at this notoriously cursed location. I saw "burgers and tacos" and I was interested, I appreciate a simple menu. Place looks great, all modern tables and chairs and everything else. I will keep this review simple:

Pros:

Burgers were awesome, it's really hard to find a good burger in this town without going to a sit down restaurant.
Taco was awesome!
Shakes look amazing, interesting flavors, Dulce De Leche / Banana Chocolate and so on.
Didnt try the fries but looked like you got a  good amount of them for the money.

Cons:
"Hecho En Arcadia" ??? The staff had this stupid phrase all over their shirts and it was painted on the outside of the building. You arent from here, you moved here from out of state, like everyone else who lives in "Arcadia" 

OVERPRICED BOTTLED COKE! $2.49???? This is straight up hipster tax. You can buy these glass bottle mexican cokes at circle K for 99 cents all day, but if you go to one of these new hipster "dive" restaurants, they try and play it off like it's some rare treat to have a bottled coke and want to charge you a premium to experience this delicacy. 

Over attentive staff. This seems like it would be in the "pros" category, but you go out to eat to sample the food and chat with your friends. It was really hard to talk with my friend and enjoy our meals when there is someone reaching in front of your face every five seconds grabbing at your straw wrapper and tray. I literally just finished my taco when a kid comes up and tries to grab the tray from under my nose. Chill out dude, I've still got a lime and hot sauce on there that I might want to play with. I actually had to tell him I was going to keep the tray with me, which led to a quizzical look from him. So I was sucking on my lime, talking with my friend, and another staff member comes up and just snatches my tray from under me without asking! Pretty annoying.

Overall, food is good, if a little pricey ( $6 for a burger $3 for fries $2.50 for a coke. That's kind of a lot for a burger joint. ) Place is nice and clean but a little douchey, trying to bring some Scottsdale pseudo-diveyness to my neighborhood.