I had wanted to come here a few times before but it never worked out.  One time it was closed, the other time I was still full from lunch.  I was in the neighborhood today and a burger sounded alright.  I walked in and placed my order for a Standard w/cheese and an order of fries.  My total came out to almost $9.00.  Eek!  One reason it can't be higher than 3 stars.  I paid my money and took a seat.   Side story here..............

When I was sitting there waiting for my food, some young dude was either getting interviewed for a job, or he was freshly hired and the manager/owner?  was breaking down the expectations/rules etc.  I pretty much got a front row seat for the way The Stand works.  I got financial info, customer service info, cleaning tips etc etc.  I will be sure to take my knowledge to the next board meeting and present my findings accordingly.  Anyways.....some of the conversation was interesting, some of it was lecturey.  A few minutes went by and my burger and fries came out.  Here is how they were.

Standard Burger w/cheese ($5.55) -  This burger is a more pricey In N Out Double Double.  The only difference is the lettuce they use.  They use hand leafed dark lettuce here while In N Out uses a romaine style lighter colored lettuce.  2 patties, cheese, onions, tomatoes, sauce and pickles.  All of this is stuffed between what seemed like an egg type bun.  The burger was pretty good.  The overwhelming taste/ingridient was definitely the pickles.  They were good too.  The beef was fresh, the cheese melted well and overall it was a pretty good burger.  A little pricey though...its like $5.55 plus tax, just for the burger!

Fries ($2.29) -  These were hand cut fries.  They season them nicely with both salt and pepper.  They were pretty crispy and tasted good.  I preferred them over an In N Out style fry.  I would get them again.

Overall, the meal was good but not great.  The burger was tasty and the fries were crispy and seasoned well.  It is very expensive for what you get though IMO.  I am glad I tried it out, but I'm not purposely coming back and driving down here to eat here again.