We know Poncho's and the chain Someburros and heard the family was opening a new spot so we had to try it.  The restaurant is located at Williams Field and Val Vista on the Northwest corner.  It is set back a bit from the road.  

We were greeted promptly by a pleasant hostess upon entering.  We asked to sit out side and she seated us at a table with a bench cushion on one side and a regular chair at the other side.  After sitting for a minute or two we moved to a different table in the sun.  We received our chips and salsa very quickly as well as water.  The waiter and bus person both seemed very eager to please.  The chips and sauce were good -- not salsa but a red sauce.  I had a house margarita which is served in a mason jar.  Very good -- 7$  

The regular menu has a lot of what I would call non-traditional mexican dishes as well as some items like burros and tacos which are more familiar.  The lunch menu has 5 items priced at either 8$ or 10$.  My friend had the green burro with beans and rice off the lunch menu 10$ and I had the Carnitas Torta off the regular menu -- 9$  The waiter made a point of telling me "the dishes are all traditional Mexican food -- there is no americanization of the food."  I asked if the torta came with beans and he said no, it comes with thick fries.  So, immediately contradicting himself -- no traditional Mexican food I have ever eaten comes with French Fries.  Anyway, I digress..  The torta was really a sandwich, carnitas (a little dry and too chewy) lettuce, tomato, avocado, onions and some mayo sauce.  It wasn't bad, it wasn't amazing, it was just OK.  My friend had the green chili burro and we both tried it and it was delicious albeit a bit on the small side for 10$.  The beans were excellent.  

The decor is tasteful with lots of neat touches everywhere.  The restaurant is not overly large but has a nice patio which probably seats 34-40 people.  They were not busy today -- only 2 other tables while we were there.  The staff outnumbered the customers 3 to 1.   

We both found the service a bit on the suffocating side.  Checking back constantly, talking too long at the table, etc.  We both prefer simple efficient service, bring a wonderful product and then let us enjoy it.    

I really hope this place is a great success, it has all the right ingredients -- I think a few kinks have to be worked out and perhaps the menu needs to be a little more mainstream and lower priced.  Most of the entries on the regular menu were between 13-16$ which is a lot for Mexican food.  

Would we come back?  Maybe, if we were in the area.  Would I drive from NE Mesa to eat at Isabel's?  Not likely.