WOW, I have been coming to this location for the past 5 years.   I have never had a problem.  food has always been awesome no complaints.   After a long day at work i was starving.... so ether IN n Out or tacos.... well decided with fausto's instead of roberto"s because they are usually  less busy.  I call this location round 11pm  asked if they were closed.  woman said they don't close til midnight.   My first thought is YAY after a 13 hour work day on a airplane.   made my order she said 5 mins.    perfect I thought as i am only 5-10 mins away.   I drive straight there and walk in and it is extremely busy.    there are two cooks calling out orders.  being proactive and patient... I stood at register for about 3minutes ..no help.... I decided I will just grab my salsa and let them catch up.   As I  am filling up salsa the cashier "rosio"  leaned over and yelled from counter "did you have a to go order"   Me : yes be just a second i have to put some lids on the salsa.. as others were waiting behind me . immediately rosio  shouts  from register in front of everyone ... you need to pay right now!!!   ok give me just a second.   i get to register i told her sorry i walked in they were busy. she said she closes in 45 minutes    i said well why are you being so assertive to me i was only being proactive as there was no one to ring me up.   said its only 11.20 heres my money but I don't deserve to be yelled at .  I told her she was being a asshole and unprofessional  she said well i was busy doing other work... so is it not ok to be patient and get my condiments while i wait my turn to pay..... as she was not there .   She got  very irate in front of other customers because i told her she was being unprofessional and an ass to me for no reason its was only 11.20pm  told her she continued to yell at me i would take my business elsewhere.  I  did pay for my food but will never ever return to that location.   but she  continued and continued to be mad in front of other customers.  i asked for managers name and she refused.     As much as I love their food and the breakfast  as long as she is in charge of orders i will never come here as I have been in the service industry for 15 years.