Beautiful building.  The queso and the guacamole was the best part of my entire experience.  If you plan on going to this restaurant on a lunch hour -- FORGET IT-- unless if you have a 2 hour lunch.  We walked in, there was no wait.  My coworkers and i ate our meals, each of us ordered different types of tacos.  For a side we ordered the corn.  1st If you are dumb enough to eat at this restaurant do not get the corn, you can get it at the grocery store out of a can and its the same stuff.  2nd if you are dumb enough to eat at this restaurant be prepared for horrible service across the board.  
Upon ordering, I also ordered a plain Bean, Cheese, and Rice burrito to go for another co-worker who was unable to attend.  I specifically stated that NO PEPPERS could be included in the burrito, as the person who the burrito was intended for has a food allergy.  After paying for our meals the waiter promised that the To Go burrito was on the way out.  20 minutes later still no burrito and no aknowledgement from the waiter as he continued to pass by avoiding eye contact.  Then the waiter comes to me and expresses that the kitchen staff doesnt know what their doing so he is going to go ahead and comp the burrito for me.  Another 15 mins pass.  Still no burrito.  I ask a waitress to speak to a manager.  Waitress, "oh sorry but our manager is cooking the food".  At this point I DONT CARE who is cooking or who doesnt know what they are doing in the kitchen.  I NEED CUSTOMER SERVICE.  The "Acting Manager" as she called herself aka GiGi came to me and was very polite.  I explained to her the situation.  Again she tried to blame the kitchen staff--what kind of person does that.  I dont care about who sucks in your workplace...get me what I need and I will be gone.  I expressed that this was our first time at the establishment and we were not satisfied with the service.  I requested my entire bill to be reimbursed.  Gigi willingly reimbursed my entire bill, but refused to reimburse my coworkers who were inconvenience by the situation.  Gigi also provided me two free meals should I choose to come back--this was a nice gesture.  I think I will give them away as Christmas gifts to people I dislike.  Heres the Kicker:  I get back to the office and give the burrito to my starving coworker.  She takes one bite and immediately has a reaction to the PEPPERS they used--after I specifically stated there was a food allergy.  For the sake of you and your coworkers health please take my advice and DO NOT eat here