I went to Taco Guild expecting to love the place but unortunately, I was rather disappointed. Expecting a hefty wait at about 7pm on a Saturday, but my buddy & I were seated at a patio table right away. The space itself is excellent; cool concept & well thought out. I ordered a $10 drink of which the name escapes me, and that was tasty enough but really not worth ordering again. Service was attentive & prompt. The requisite chips & salsa were quite good and I liked all the varieties of the trio of homemade hot sauces that were brought to the table too. 

Now for the problems: I ordered the taco trio, which includes a side dish. 1 braised beef, 1 al pastor, 1 duck, achiote rice for my side. The braised beef: flavor was fine, but it /literally/ smelled like a barn. It was difficult to reconcile its' decent taste with its' terrible smell. The al pastor: the pork was almost white, with nary a hint of chile or pineapple flavor; almost to the point of being simply a pork taco. It wasn't awful or anything, but it just wasn't anything resembling any al pastor I've ever had. The duck: stringy, dry. If you've had carne seca & know the dried, sinewy texture it has, this is about all I can compare the duck to. Duck is considered a bit of a 'luxurious' food, but this didn't stack up by any means. The achiote rice: the rice tasted like it came from one of those Uncle Ben's 90 second flavored microwave rice packs and was left in for 60 seconds too long. It was dry & gritty & the corn in it was wrinkled & devoid of any moisture. The rice just had that processed sodium bomb texture & taste to it. 

I wanted to like Taco Guild, but 4 food items ordered & 4 strike outs don't bode well. Maybe it was just an off night; I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and try it again. If it's bad again, I won't return & won't recommend it. 

One more thing: whoever has control of the music in the place needs to be fired, and fired like.right.now. ALL OVER THE PLACE. Bad nineties stuff like Blues Traveler, R&B, classic rock and multiple country music songs on rotation. I'll readily admit that I'm a pretentious music elitist, but I can tolerate most stuff by just tuning it out. Country music, however, just makes me ill. Besides-  country music at an urban, younger crowd taco shop...  Why? How does that even remotely fit in w/ the customer demographic of a place like this? Nobody there wants to hear country crap piped in to this old church building.