My girlfriend and I were excited to try something different up north here.  I may return for happy hour but she certainly wouldn't. 

The vibe was cool. Music was really loud, but it was a Friday night so I get if they were trying to keep up with Blue Martini across the way. I was surprised at how busy it was when I walked in but then excited about the people watching. It's a neat, small space. 

The host was great. Very friendly and helpful. 

I finally found a couple of seats at the bar and ordered a couple of the specialty drinks on the menu when I girlfriend arrived. She got the yoga marg and I got some blanco drink with grapefruit. The drinks were tasty, but the bartender was saltier than the rim of my glass. We immediately were taken back by her passiveness and abrupt responses to our questions about the menu. (Which consisted of one question- street tacos are three to an order. Do we pick three or is it three of the same). 

Anyhow, my girlfriend had a shard of glass shoot through her straw into her mouth. Not upset about it, it happens. I worked in the industry for years so hey, you burn the ice, make new drinks and apologize. No such luck. We told the bar back, he alerted the bartender, she got irritated. He had to convince to to make a new drink. She made hers, set it down and walked away. No apology, no words even. I grabbed the bar back and said, "I hate to be a pain in the a*$ but the waters and my drink came from the same well. We need these remade too if you could. ". He was totally on board but this irritated her further. She made the drinks and never burned a well. I asked her if the drinks came from the same one and her response, three times, was, "I promise... You're good."  Never, it came from a different well; im sorry that happened; let me check; is your friend ok... After twenty minutes I grabbed a manager to let her know that there was ice in one of the wells because I watched to see neither get burned and somebody was going to end up chewing on more glass. The manager immediately dealt with the bar and we never saw our bartender again.  Until she threw the check down. 

I'll give credit on the place, the food was ok and the atmosphere made up for it. That bartender though made us never want to go back. Before any of this happened, we had tried to make up an excuse to sit on the other end of the bar to avoid her attitude.  

I've been in the industry for a long time and have had yelp reviews written about me. Some good. Some bad. You can't win em all. You can, however, be nice to people, even when you're busy, and let the chips fall where they may.  Unfortunately she chose to play her cards horribly.  Owners, talk to your girl and make a real smile a requirement.