I've been to Round Corner twice, both times sitting in the fenced in patio in the back.  Once was a year ago and once was on a recent Saturday evening around 6:00pm.  The indoor seating is limited, but the outdoor seating area is one of the best in the Burgh.  

In 2009, the Round Corner Cantina was converted from the 28-year old Round Corner Hotel.  I never had the chance to visit the Round Corner Hotel, but from what I've heard it was a 28-year old dive bar that mainly catered to Lawrenceville locals.  Converting it to a Mexican bar was obviously a big change.  Although the Round Corner Cantina serves food, the focus is clearly on the drinks.  There's a variety of margaritas, beers, micheladas, and Mexican spirits.  Over the last year or so, the food offerings have decreased.  The only food options currently are chips and tacos.  The tacos have some creative ingredients like pork belly and house-made chorizo.  They're delicious.  On a sunny day, having a margarita and some tasty gourmet tacos at the Round Corner is a solid Yelp 4-star experience.

Unfortunately, I have to take away 2 stars for 2 major problems that I have with the Round Corner Cantina.  The first is that they allow smoking out on their patio.  If it's crowded and there's a lot of people smoking, the secondhand smoke is pretty bad.  What is this, 2000?  There's almost nothing I can stand worse than breathing in other people's cigarette smoke when I'm out in public.  I know the patio is outside, but it's also an enclosed space within the restaurant.  I'm not sure that's legal.  Either way, it's disgusting and really detracts from the nice experience of sitting outside.

My second criticism is how awfully slow the service is.  We were seated about 25 minutes before a server approached us.  Although there seemed to be a bunch of servers around, it was almost impossible for us to flag anyone down to get more drinks.  Finally, once our sever returned, she only took drink orders from the very end of our 8-person table and ran away before the rest of the table got to order.  Knowing the opportunity to order drinks was a few and far between occurrence, some of our group got up and ordered drinks from the outdoor bar (and returned before our drinks came from our server).

This kind of thing really shouldn't be happening at a restaurant  that's been open for 3 years.  Don't they want us to spend money at their establishment?  During our most recent visit, the Round Corner Cantina certainly lost out on some income because we couldn't find a server to take our orders.