Yesterday was my first time trying this place.  I will say that first off portions could be a bit more considering and comparing to competition in the same field.  We ordered takeout for the following:  Burrito for my son who ordered just carne asada and cheese on a flour tortilla.  The flavor of the carne asada is excellent has authentic carbon flavor that you look for.  Cheese was a perfect amount but the homemade flavor of the flour tortilla was lacking.  My grandmother would have criticized this tortilla lol as she would have said, "no ay no falta sabor" meaning it lacks flavor.  I agree.  My wife ordered the asada street tacos.  To be authentic street tacos, it should come with TWO tortillas, here they serve them with one.  They are good in size, packed with flavor overall good but needs that second tortilla that I am used to seeing.  I ordered the salad, while it does come in a big black bowl like serving container, it was 1/2 filled.  The gentleman who served was, "PINCHE" Spanish for tightwad with the servings.  Mine was served with pinto beans, good overall flavor.  Spanish rice, lacking way lacking in the chicken Knorr flavor that I was looking for and the serving was like 1/2 a serving at best.  Chicken, again VERY PINCHE in the serving probably got 1/8 of a cup in my salad bowl, pico de gallo and lettuce.  I would give this flavor a 4 outta five stars but in portion compared to the $8 ticket price 1.5 stars at best.  Overall I probably will not come back as I can see this restaurant is trying to "SQUEEZE" every penny of profit from one customer than to make the volume of customers if they were to either do 1 of 2 things.  Lower the price and keep the portion servings OR Keep the pricing but ante up in portions.  Your competition does way better in this department.  I have to say 2 stars overall for this place.  Flavor is NOT everything if it only last 2-3 bites and your meal is gone.  So a burrito and large drink will set you back around $11-$12 so if you are on a budget, which we all are, this can set you back for $45-$50 for a family of four.  Adios, Taco y taco!!!!  Chipotle is cheaper and portions are bigger and Café Rio across the street on Easter is about the same in price but bigger in portions.  Café Rio does have the "authentic" taste in their flour tortillas that I look for and was raised on.  Happy Eating!!!