Sorry to all of the people who rave about this place, but it's exceedingly overhyped. 

I was actually really looking forward to this place and had high expectation for what was popular which was the adobada and carne asada. Since there was 2 lines to order, I told porky to wait in the asada line while I wait in the adobada line. I made the big mistake of trying to make an order to a wab without porky there. I asked for a big adobada fries without cilantro and he replied OK. I waited there for about 10 mins....

My bf already got his order and finally, he asked the wab where my order was in spanish and he replied that I never made an order with him, putting the blame on me, and trying to make me look stupid.. gtfo -_- I finally got my fries and I went up to the cashier. Without realizing it, the cashier girl gave me an attitude and my bf had to defend me telling them that I'm paying for the fries and he's paying for the tacos since I don't know spanish and I didn't understand the situation. how RUDE! I do not appreciate the fact that I was being put down for not understanding any spanish when we are in a country that English is the primary language, especially from people who sound like they don't even have their citizenships!! *slam fists*

In any case, on to the food. I looked at my food and I specifically asked for no cilantro, and of course they would fuck it up by leaving little pieces of it all over our food. I don't mind the cilantro but porky hates it. -1 point there for making me put the effort of playing hide and seek with the cilantros. The carne asada was ok. The meat was tender and juicy but bland. The only thing you could really taste in it was the guacamole since they slapped on a handful of it on the taco. The adobada tacos had no flavor whatsoever. I read that there was some pineapples sliced in it, the sauce was amazing but I did not taste anything on that taco. The best ones I have had was the stomach and the shoulder. I should have fought porky more for the brain, tongue, and head tacos since they were all cooked in the same way as the shoulder and stomach, but I gave in since porky was so adamant about not trying anything else. Never again will I let his closed mind affect my choices in food! Anyways, the fries were awesome! I love the sauce in it and the fries were the thin and crispy ones, not those disgusting steak fries. I just wish I got the carne asada instead because the adobada was flavorless and dry.

Anyways, I really want to like this place because I want to come back and try the other tacos, quesadilla, and tostada but I wouldn't want to come back here by choice because of the rude workers and there's nothing really special about their popular stuff. 2 stars for their stomach and shoulder tacos and fries!