Food was sub par at best, but the service was not even remotely close to acceptable.  We came here on our 2nd night in Las Vegas and had read rave reviews about this place. We had made a reservation for 7:00 for 3 people on  a Friday night, but we weren't able to locate the restaurant since it's located right in/next to Sapphire night club. Not an ideal location I'd want to go to for a restaurant, but hey it's Vegas fine whatever. Their parking lot is a disaster, good luck trying to get any direction or assistance with parking in that beat up flea market lot... and after all that hassle we finally manage to make it into the restaurant 20 minutes past 7:00. We apologize for our late arrival, but we had a reservation. I'm not even sure if the host had his mouth wired shut or he was just that much of a rude person but rolled his eyes and tried to mumble something t.....as if it was a problem...... there were 5 booths open. Wasn't even a busy night by the looks of it. We were greeted promptly by our waited, took our drink orders, returned with chips and salsa... standard fare for Mexican places, nothing exciting. My fiance ordered a carnitas burrito, my mother ordered tacos, and I a chicken burrito....and then we were left staring at the our phones as the time ticked by....it took nearly an hour to bring out three burritos. Prior to their arrival however 30  minutes in our server claimed our food was coming out soon, then a few minutes later the manager asks us if we need anything... We look around and nod, yes we still need our food? After this mind you, few more people have arrived and had had their orders taken, and food has arrived at their table. Now, I honestly don't think our meal took that much preparation, maybe for enchiladas or something of that nature but really, two burritos and tacos? Finally the Manager brings out our food, which is luke warm by now does not offer an apology for the delay. Burrito tasted like something I could've made at home, in less time and tasted better. My fiance and mother seemed satisfied with their choices, but nothing extraordinary. Ive honestly had better tasting food at hole in the wall places than this so called upscale Mexican place. After all that mess it took forever to get the check, and even longer to get the receipt and go. Maybe this place has more charm when you're there for the liquor and not a meal.

Mind you what really bothered me the most about this place was lack of customer service for ALL guests. Two girls from the club next to this place barely stepped in before they were whisked to a table behind us, drink orders taken before they even sat down, and their food was brought to them before ours was and we'd been waiting almost an HOUR. Ridiculous. Not a single apology was made about this delay.

AND to add to this whole issue, we made reservations through Open Table, and they flagged us for no shows and had to dispute that as well. Never coming back to this place.