If you're coming straight from a pool party at the W, already wasted, and looking for a packed Sunday Funday, El Hefe is the place to go. That being said, it seems like business is already being lost with the openings of newer nearby clubs like Hifi and Maya. Have been here for lunch, happy hour, and many times for Sunday Funday and tables on weekends. The service is terrible no matter what time you go. Last time I was there the bartender poured my drinks, about 15 minutes after I ordered them, then set them on the bar where they were immediatly knocked over by a drunk patron. I was told that I still had to pay the over $30 tab and wouldn't get any replacement drinks. I understand that the bartenders might get overwhelmed when it's packed, but the service is just as bad during lunch when its practically empty. Our server looked annoyed, probably because she had to work a lunch shift instead of a busy night shift. My friend and I were literally the only people there besides a lone guy drinking at the bar, but she still took over 20 minutes to get our drink orders. Food was just OK. I prefer the tacos at pretty much every other similar Mexican restaurant in Old Town. I doubt I would ever come back for more than guacamole, chips, and drinks in terms of food. The beergarita drink (huge marg with a mini corona in it) is great. Expensive but definitley worth it. In terms of bottle service, their concept of offering a keg with a tap at the table is unique, and every guy I've ever been there with loves it. Service again was awful, despite our group spending on 2 bottles, a keg, and multiple shots. The server drank from our tap and constantly was jumping up on our table, literally pushing the girls in our group out of the way, so she could dance and blow her annoying whistle in our faces. We still had a great time, the music and overall atmosphere is great if you're looking to party, but for paying that much money I would expect to be served by my server, not treated like this was her table and we were just the bottle rats infringing on it. I definitley would not recommend to anyone who is not into/used to the Scottsdale club scene. If you're looking for a bar you can talk to your friends in, easily move around, etc (which we weren't, we came for the party scene), then Hefe is not your spot. But for striclty a drunken good time, would recommend. I just probably wouldn't waste money on the bottle service. Take your business elsewhere for that