When you walk through the door you're greeted with an amazing smell (reminded me of when my dad would cook meat in our smoker with apple wood chips when we were kids). Second was how great the restaurant looked, it was clean and inviting. The bartender smiled and waved at us like we were old friends and told us to have a seat anywhere...(time was 12:22)

So far we're off to a great start. So what possibly could have went wrong to cause a 2 star review? Our service. 

The bartender brought us over some menus and explained that we could order brunch or lunch, brought us some chips and salsa, then went back to the bar, we didn't see any other server in the restaurant so for a while we thought she was just ignoring us. So we sat and sat and sat waiting for our actual server to come by. Keep in mind there were 3 other tables in the restaurant, one was just leaving so we'll call it two. 

Let's touch on the chips and salsa. I loved the chips, they were fantastic, however, the salsa was not a "dipping salsa" it had a wonderful flavor and would have been great on a taco salad (why don't you have taco salads?) or poured on the top of a burrito but it was horrible for dipping chips. There were NO chunks, it was the consistency of hot sauce. 

Finally our server greeted us with her presence, she walked up and didn't say "Hi, I'm so-and-so, I'll be taking care of you folks today" or "Welcome to Lenero, have you been here before" or even just "hello" instead she said "what can I get you to drink". I almost responded with an "hi, I'm fine thank you for asking" but I refrained. We ordered our drinks and I asked for an order of guacamole, it's 12:31 at this point (9 min after walking in the door). 

There we sat, bored with our chips and salsa, read every yelp review of Lenero, discussed our plans for rest of the day etc. Our server finally came by to ask if we were ready to order. Not by asking if we were ready or if we had any questions. She walked up and in her snotty tone said "what do you want". Seriously?? That's not how you talk to someone! I was so taken aback by her attitude I decided right then and there we will not be back. This food would have to be sent straight from the Heavens for it to tip the scales back in the favor of the restaurant. 

I ordered the chicken tacos and my bf ordered the enchiladas. As she was walking away he mentioned to her we're still waiting on our guac, it's been over 10 min at this point. She seemed surprised by our request to get the guacamole, almost like she just plain forgot I even ordered it. 

Finally our guacamole came. TWENTY-ONE minutes after ordering it. By this time the appeal of chips and guac was completely gone. She gave a million excuses about how there were steaks that needed to be cooked and the cook is extremely busy. The only other table in the place had already gotten their food and was about to leave. That left one table of folks. You're telling me the cook couldn't manage to toss some guacamole together because he was too busy making steaks for the one table in the restaurant? She told us it was on the house. That was nice but I would have rather of paid for it and have received it 16 min ago. 

Finally the bartender came over to apologize for the guacamole taking so long and explained that the cook is new and he went in order of the tickets arriving and needed to prepare the food for the OWNER'S FAMILY first. So I've been sitting here hungry because the owner needed to eat and that took priority? 

Our lunch came out pretty fast and my tacos were good, what the menu doesn't mention is they are street tacos, not normal sized ones. Which was fine by me but I could see where someone else wouldn't have been impressed with 4 really small tacos. The enchilada was also good but the menu should clarify it is a spicy dish. While we both love spice, again I can see how someone else would not have liked it. If my mom had ordered it she wouldn't have been able to eat it, the dish was that spicy. 

Bottom line is we do not have any intentions on coming back. While the food was good, it wasn't phenomenal. The salsa was not ideal for "chips and salsa" and the service was HORRIBLE. It's been a long time since I've had a server that snobby. She should be really lucky we left her 20% because she certainly did not deserve it (I'm having tipper's regret).