I love Cafe Rio, it's great food and way better than Chipotle or other competitors. However, this location has hired some rude staff. They also apparently hate their online ordering system which I like using because I hate waiting in line. Both times i've ordered from this location online the staff member was rude, treated me horrible and made me not want to come back. The first time I ordered online I had a "Free Drink" and I asked her for my cup and she said "you didn't order one, I then said yes I did it says it on my receipt" and she replied "oh yeah you do get one for free if you order online here" and gave me a nasty smirk while handing over the cup. Which to me was like why do you care if I paid for it or not you'll still get paid either way.  But who knows maybe she is one of those "I should get $15 an hour for working in a fast food joint" employees. The next time I ordered online I was sick, all I wanted was tortilla soup and it's not like Cafe Rio delivers. So I ordered my soup and showed up at the scheduled time and I walked through the Empty line because people at tables were blocking the walkway to the to-go walkway and the employee then yells at me "ma'am aren't you going to order first" I explain to her that I'm here to pick up an order from online I just couldn't get through the other way and she looks at me like I'm crazy. She then opens the online ordering system and realizes no one paid attention that they had an order online to fulfill. She tells me it will be a few minutes and 10 minutes later of me standing there like an idiot in my PJ's sick and wanting to go back to bed, my small little cup of soup was ready to go. Luckily I paid by credit card online so I didn't have to pay so she just handed me the bag with a "fuck off" smile and didn't even wish me to have a good day. I wrote a letter to the corporate office and they apologized heard me out and sent me two free meal cards. I'm not sure if I should come back and use them at this location but I feel like I should that way they know that they are terrible and need to improve their customer service skills.