Well....
I have to admit I decided to come here because I was already tired and frazzled and Tacos El Gordo hasn't had a drive-thru window since soon after they opened. Gee, you'd think the last thing a fast food place would want is to cut off their fat, lazy customer base- just who is the "El Gordo" they purport to be catering to, anyway?

So, I saw the neon drive-thru sign beckoning to me from the darkness of the west end of the parking lot and honed in like a cruise missile. Unfortunately, it was so dark that I didn't see the curb and in my haste managed to slam my car up onto the island. No biggie, I'm sure the undercarriage benefited from a little barnacle scraping, but when I finally managed to maneuver into position at the ordering station, I was hit with a blast of Spanish-accented static. 

Yes, the system crashed the same time I did. (No connection). I figured it might be for the better, since their English is almost as limited as my Spanish and I could at least point and gesture in person. Nonetheless, I was growing increasingly unhappy.

Got some carnitas tacos, a quesadilla on a corn tortilla (MY-EEEZ!), and a burrito for the Anaconda. This required intense negotiation and the services of three volunteer interpreters, but I got my bag and headed home.

Until now, I always thought that the basic ingredient of carnitas was pork. Apparently, it's salt. How bad was it? I didn't eat it, if that tells you anything. And if you knew me, that would tell you everything.

In their favor, they were friendly and tried hard, and I can't hold it against a Mexican establishment in a Mexican neighborhood that caters mostly to a Mexican clientele for speaking mostly Mexican.

Their tacos were $3 as opposed to TEG's at $2, but they had more than twice as much meat. Too bad it wasn't edible. And if you agree to "with everything", that means cheese and sour cream and guacamole, (in other words, the parts that make life worth living), it will increase the cost by a buck and a half each! Whaaaat? Since when is cheese an extra on a taco? And the burrito was ok but smaller than you usually get for the price.

It was a bad experience, but maybe I'll try them again when we're both having a better day.