I went here a couple of weeks ago for lunch. We dined at the down town location. Cute name. Clearly marketing to the tourists as there is a bar that opens to the street. Medium sized dining area. What put me off almost immediately is when I went to the website lunch specials were listed. However, when I went there the waitress new nothing about it and asked the manager, the manager then came over and explained that the lunch specials were only for the Henderson location and not downtown. I will own up that it was my mistake upon review of the website again when you download the menu it states Henderson menu and when you scroll down to the very bottom then there is a cover sheet stating Las Vegas menu that does not list lunch specials. Nonetheless, this left a bad taste in my mouth. 

As to the food, a bit pricey in my opinion for what you get. I will admit that I am a nacho snob - I love nachos and if I am going to splurge they better be darn good. I like traditional nachos piled high with gooey cheese (love the nachos at Big Dog's) and avant-garde nachos such as the asian nachos at Grand Luxe. The nachos sounded good, we ordered the cheeseburger nachos and bbq pulled pork nachos. The queso sauce was smooth and creamy and the pulled pork was sweet although not great bbq but I didn't expect that from here.  Cheeseburger nachos, well, were like a cheeseburger with lettuce, tomatoes, ground beef etc. They were approximately $10 each. They were good but again nothing phenomenal and for the price not a whole lot there. I was full but had I been any hungrier would not have been. And I am pretty sure other people in the group were not full. There were three plates of nachos shared among four people. 

They had one of those new help yourself Coke machines with the different flavors. Overall I have mixed feelings about the Coke machine. You have to get your own drink which I am okay with but if there is anyone standing at the drink machine you may be in for a long wait as they ponder their drink selection.  Anyway, cute idea but I won't be coming back.