Service- 1 star. Food- 4 stars. Drink prices- -5 stars!

We went here after seeing KA across the street and just wanted to get a beer and split some giant plate of nachos or something. We were seated really quickly, but sat for at least 5 minutes, craving water, before our server wandered over.

I must pause here to just address something that drives me CRAZY- when restaurants do not post alcoholic beverage prices in their drink menu, (not the server's fault obviously). Do you think by not posting them I will somehow forget that SKYY is more expensive than Taaka? I know it might get people to buy a more expensive drink unknowingly, but we just wanted beer prices. They had draft imports and domestics, and bottled imports and domestics. 

When our server came by- we practically shouted "water!" at him and then asked about beer prices. Dear God- $5 for a domestic bottle- $7.5 for a draft. I'm sorry- did we suddenly end up on some foreign planet where beer is equivalent to currency? Have you forgotten that we are on a casino floor and that I could therefore go sit at a penny slot for five seconds and receive a free beer? Obviously they can't compete with free, but since I can walk to the Coors factory from my front door, charging me $7.5 for sixteen ounces of it is one of the most absurd things I've ever heard of. It's even cheaper at Red Rocks than here.

We order chicken nachos; another reviewer talked about their steak nachos, and our server did make sure to tell us that these are different things in that the steak nachos are individually made nachos- every one is uniform. The ones we ordered were a huge pile with lots of toppings thrown around. It had a ton of chicken, and was also slightly cheaper. 

We had to wait at least another five minutes for water. In fact we tried to get some from the bar. when we finally got our water, we drank it and never got a refill. Our food came and the incredibly kind and responsive food runner gave us a refill immediately, which isn't his job. Finally our server gave us one more refill. It took 10 minutes to get the check after we asked. 

The food was really pretty good, but I could have probably walked the length of the strip in the time it took to get anything from our server.