I remember when this place was old Super Mex, so I was expecting pretty much the same. It was just a weird experience.

From the beginning, the design outside in the front is weird. I guess the symbol is supposed to be a depiction of agave, but it just looks really bad. Also, the front says 24 Hour Video Poker, which I just found strange. Yes to promoting 24 hours, NO to video poker. Just makes it seem like it's going to be really crappy bar food or something. 

The host who sat us seemed like he had no idea how to host. He just seemed lost, but it wasn't a big deal. We got seated very quickly. We were greeted by our server, Jose, who was great. He convinced us to get Margaritas in spirit of Fat Tuesday. He wasn't pushy at all, very friendly and nice. He took our order, and then came back a few minutes later to tell us that he won't be our server tonight. Poor Jose was being sent home because it was slow. It was strange as it wasn't super slow in there. It was even stranger that Jose seemed to linger on about this, almost to the point of talking down about the establishment. It was sad, I liked Jose and wanted to give him a tip but I didn't have change and he had to leave. 

We were told of the special, which sounded like Chic Parm, except substitute chicken with steak. It sounded awful so we went with Carne Asada and my friend got Shrimp tacos. My carne asada, for the price they charged, was pretty wack. You expect carne asada to be very tasty and tender. It lacked the juiciness and the tastiness of carna asada. The rice and the refried beans were good though. Shrimp tacos were all right as well.

Then it just took forever to A) get the bill and B) get the server to get the money back to pay the bill. In the meantime I had a random woman (guessing it's the owner) asking me if everything was all right. It was, it was just strange. Who are you? Are you the owner? Random patron? What is going on in this place?!

Finally got someone to pick up my check. The total was $19 and some change. I put in a twenty. I get it back and I get no change. I mean we're talking about like 50 cents or so, but really? I didn't get any change back? All right? 

I'm not mad about the experience, it was just really underwhelming. I love Mexican food. I think this place has just a major image issue. What is it? Is it an authentic Mexican restaurant with Jalisco specific recipes? Or is it like the Mexican version of PTs? Or is it Mexican version of Applebees? Is Jalisco spanish for Applebees?