If you're used to eating great tacos, you will not be a fan of this place. If you are new to fusion or gourmet tacos, a UNLV student, or someone looking for a cool local spot to relax, then this is the place for you.

We heard about his place from a friend who heard about it from TV (DD&D). 

Wanting to try a variety of items, we ordered one of each taco: vegetarian,  shrimp, fish, Shanghi (seared steak), and carnitas. 

We received the following tacos: two shrimp, Shanghi, fish, and carnitas.

But we didn't complain because we saw that others were having issues with their orders. They seemed to be out of a number of ingredients and mixing up a few orders. We just wanted to eat, so we dealt with what we were served. In fairness to Yayo, I am sure the staff would have corrected the order. The server was helpful and courteous to us and also to others who were having issues with their orders.

The shrimp tacos were very tasty.  The fish taco was average. The pork was not flavorful at all. And the texture of the meat was mushy.  The Shanghi taco was a huge disappointment. If you are used to fast food (Taco Bell, Dell Taco etc.) tacos, these will be a huge step up for you. But if you eat at any of the locally owned taco spots in the city regularly, you are likely used to flavorful, tender meat. This is not that. I am a fan of the barbacoa type tacos. The meat is usually flavorful and tender.  Sadly, their meat had an odd flavor (curry?) and, like the pork, the texture was...off. Aside from the odd flavor, the meat was lacking flavor in general. I never add salt, and I found myself looking around for a salt shaker to give my tacos some pep. Aside from that, they were just too mushy and soft. The toppings didn't add any flavor to the struggling dish either. I couldn't finish either of the meat tacos.  

The decor is....street/edgy. I appreciate what they are going for, but what they were doing in the main restaurant didn't work in the bathrooms for me. I really like the dining area. It's thoughtful and artsy. I can see some people allowing their impression of the decor to influence their view of the food. It's got a cool vibe. 

The writing on the restaurant walls and tables (bring a pen, I guess. They didn't hand any out) was kind of charming. But on the "text" in the bathroom ceiling looked less....playful. I've seen that style of writing on the side of freeways and on abandoned buildings. It sucked a bit of the charm out of the look of the place for me.

OVERALL: The shrimp tacos were the high point for sure. If I had a choice to eat tacos at Yayos or some national chain,  I'd eat at Yayos. But with many decent taco dives in the city, I will head someplace else when looking for some great tacos.