I came across this place not too long ago while suffering through a savage craving for anything Mexican (this happens a lot to me). I was driving around in circles looking for a little dive that might have some authentic and spicy tacos. I just so happened to see a cheap little sign pointing towards this place, and figured what the hell. 

First things first... upon walking into this place I noticed it was a little rank; it didn't smell very good, and it was pretty muggy inside. There were two Hispanic gentlemen behind the counter who immediately welcomed me as I quickly studied the menu on the wall. What I first noticed about the menu is that it was all very authentic... very much like if the building was picked up and moved over to Chandler from some small Mexican town. As I was looking, I also noticed some sort of weird mound of meat on a giant metal stick; it was clearly visible in the back room which I'll admit scared me a little bit. I think I may have seen something similar on "Bizarre Foods" once... but I have no idea what the hell it actually was. 

Given such a wide array of different choices from the menu, I was immediately puzzled about what I would actually order. This is when one of the guys behind the counter tried to give me some help... he started asking/telling me things in very broken English... like "You like Spicy?" and "Good Pollo!". While he was telling me these things, I got the sense something fishy was going on; because as he was talking to me he was also intermittently laughing hysterically and speaking Spanish with his work buddy. Kind of seemed like one of those "look at this stupid gringo" moments. I was pretty out of my element. To make a long story short... I went with the chicken tacos (except they were called something else, which I didn't understand) and an order of chips with salsa. I took home my steaming back of goodness to pig out... and OH NO... they couldn't have... the horror: 

Dark meat chicken... Arrrrrrrrrgghhhhhhhhh! 

I take for granted that there are still places that serve dark meat chicken without thinking twice about it or warning you... I also take for granted that there are people out there that actually like dark meat chicken. I can't stand it... to me dark meat chicken tastes like white meat chicken which has gone rotten. I have an immediate gut reaction to it, so needless to say I took one bite of my taco and threw the rest away. I did however eat my chips and salsa like a madman, and they were pretty tasty... so I can't fault them for that. 

So this may be a tad unfair... but I feel like a lack of white meat chicken shows that a restaurant is cutting corners and using sub-par ingredients. It'd be like if Jamba Juice used Kool-Aid or Tang to make their smoothies... not cool! If I return I'll try something else non-feathered and I'll leave room for the possibility of an upgraded review... but for now I'm going to brand Taqueria Mi Casita with a shameful 2/5 stars.