Pretty difficult to find, if it's your first time be aware that it's attached to Sapphire strip club. You have to drive into the strip club parking lot to see it. We drove around a few times looking for the entrance as there are no road signs or any indicators of the restaurant visible from the street at night. 

Overall, I think it was mediocre Mexican food and what you're really paying for is the ambiance and atmosphere, which is nice. If you haven't really had authentic Mexican you might be impressed, but living in San Diego just miles from the border, we have it in abundance and this place doesn't hold a candle to many back home. 

I had the street tacos al pastor. 3 small white corn tortillas. The pork was pretty bland and sprinkled with cilantro and finely diced pineapples. It was okay, but I could find much better at a street vendor in SoCal for half the price. It also came with a side of black or pinto beans and rice. The rice is a joke. I'm not sure what they're going for but it has no influence of Mexican flavoring whatsoever. Usually you expect the characteristic red/orange tomatoey rice with Mexican food. This was just plain, bland white rice. Black beans were also lacking any flavor as if they came straight out of a can. We also got the beef enchiladas. They were a little better. The shredded beef was a little dried out, if it were moist and succulent it would've made the dish. Enchiladas were as expected with a pretty good kick from the spicy red sauce. 

As far as service, I thought the general manager seemed very nice but the waitress we had seemed insincere and as if she wanted to be somewhere else. It was a quiet night and we were seated immediately, but given how few people were there I think the food shouldn't have taken so long to come out. 

Anyway, in summary I was less than impressed at the quality of food for such a highly-reviewed place on Yelp. One of the very few times Yelp has gotten it wrong for me. The ambiance and atmosphere is nice but the food is not up to the same standard. I'm open-minded enough to consider maybe it was the fact it was a Sunday night and hence not their best staff. Or maybe it was what I ordered. I went for the regular menu tacos/enchiladas, maybe the specialities were a lot better? Either way, this place failed to come close to my expectations. 
DISCLAIMER - I'd probably give this place a 3/5 but I feel the overall rating is so misleadingly that I'm giving it one less star to try and even out the distribution.