I'm staying at the omni hotel next door to this place and decided to give it a try.  I walked in and placed a to go order.  After waiting around outside for about 10 minutes, I came back in to see a bag waiting on the back of the greeter's station.  I nodded at the lady who took my order and she smiled back at me.  Then I sat at the bar - assuming the mystery back was some other lucky diner's property.  Three ladies and a man stood idly by at the greeter's station as I waited at the bar. The restless employees chatted, and hopped around looking alternatively interested in each other or just completely bored.  One, then two bartenders asked if I needed a drink.  I said "no, I'm just waiting for a to go order,"  as the girl who placed my order twisted her hair and batted eyelashes with a fellow employee.  After about 5 minutes of hair twisting, eyelash batting and what might have been the prologue scenes of a poorly acted porn, she looked at the bag behind her, pulled it from the shelf and examined the ticket.  Then she looked directly at me.  I hopped down from my barstool and came to get the bag: "That's mine? Really?"  "Yes!" she said in a chipper voice, acting as if the kitchen was super quick.  "Wow, because the four of you have just been sitting there chatting and having such a grand old time - I figured that bag had been waiting for someone else. It's been up there forever."  Stunned, her mouth was agape. I took the bag and looked at her sincerely: "You're doing a great job!"

Ugh.

On to the food: I had the ceviche cocktail which was properly cold and spiced nicely but a little oversauced. Raw jalapenos would be a nice addition, but with the volume of sauce you can't taste the seafood.

My to-go order was well-packaged and labeled - and included a generous portion of chips & salsa.  The chips were "so so" regular fare: nothing special - not thin, but not too thick. They could easily be a bulk food purchase. I'd be surprised if they were house made.  The plasticware included one bunched up undersized napkin and exactly one salt and pepper packet - just like your average airline.  Two sets were oddly included in the bag.

While the ceviche was at a reasonable temperature, the Chicken Tinga was not.  The over-easy egg atop the chicken was a congealed mess by the time I opened the container and the rice was tepid.  Again - the sauce was everywhere.  Nice flavor but EVERYWHERE.  I didn't know chicken could swim.  The 4-5 presliced pieces of chicken breast were drowning in a lovely and flavorful sauce.  It was like eating one of those frozen nuke meals with slightly nicer spices. Chicken Tenga is usually done with shredded chicken - much like carnitas.

The rice was cold and flavorless as was the grill-marked flour tortilla served with the meal.

This might be a hip and trendy atmosphere and a nice bar, but the food and service leave a lot to be desired.

I would have rated only one star, but just the idea of some of the food items - even if poorly executed - is worthy of an extra.  Good luck on the porno-bound service staff.  It will be a sweet trick if this lasts more than a year.