We found this place via a friend on Facebook who came here and said on FB it was GMO Free and the food was amazing.  As usual, I went onto Yelp and a majority of the reviews were 5 stars but if you go a ways down you will find some 4's and below.  We decided to try this place for lunch today because of the hype on GMO Free, Organic and amazing.  Since others have mentioned the excellent servers they have had let me tell you about our server Victor.  It took him a long time to get to our table, good thing for the hostess as she got us our drinks and took our appetizer order.  Victor finally came and proceeded to go over the entire menu trying to sell us on everything that were his favorites which seemed to be everything but this place still has not had its grand opening.  

I don't want to be sold on food, let me try it and give my opinion.  He seemed really off today and later you will understand why.  He brought out our appetizer, Tostaditas De Tinga's, 3 small tostada's with white meat chicken and sauce.  When he got to the table, he dumped one of the tostada's on my wife...He was very apologetic and cleaned it up quickly and brought us a new order on the house.  He also tried to explain being off on his sick daughter from the day before but then we heard him tell the table next to us that he had been next door at the Sapphire Club all night.  By the way, this is the same building as  the Sapphire Gentlemen's Club, the same parking lot and the same owners...

Chef Paco who everyone talked about in their reviews obviously was not here today.  Our appetizer lacked in seasoning, all white meat chicken boiled and not like what you would find in Mexico.  We had the table side guacamole which was pretty good, but the Carne Asada Taco's and the Al Pastor Taco's lacked in taste as well compared to the authentic foods of Mexico.  The rice was white rice with no seasoning at all, very bland.  The beans tasted like canned beans, which brings up a funny story...Our waiter first said the beans were from a can but then came back and said he talked to one of the cooks who said they were not canned, they were made in house daily.  NOT...

The Flan was good but did not seem like home made daily like they claim.  Any chicken dish from the Tostada's to the pulled chicken burrito I brought my daughter was very bland.  Needless to say we were very disappointed as we were hoping for an amazing meal, GMO Free and Organic however the corn tortillas did not taste like fresh corn tortillas.    

This is not a place we will go back to as you can find better tasting authentic mexican food about anywhere in town.  I am sure Chef Paco is an amazing person but whether he is there or not, the menu items should always be cooked the same way and if they were going for what you would find in Mexico, the mark was really missed here.