I knew that going to a new restaurant on opening day would have some hiccups in service and possibly food preparation. That said we decided to try Barrio Queen for lunch today.
The idea of ordering at the window and having a seat outside was a nice idea for a lunch on a sunny afternoon
While ordering it was evident that the woman taking our order was very unfamiliar with the extensive menu.  No problem! We persevered and slowly went through the menu items and got the order placed. The server was very friendly and apologetic for the time it took. this was not a big deal.  It was time to pay and off to our table we went to await the fantastic sounding food we ordered. 
W ordered 4 tacos 1 salmon y Mango, 1 Chorizo, 1 Barrio Pollo and 1 arrachera y relleno.  We also ordered what we believed what we believed would be the star of the day, The masa azul quesadilla with Huitlacoche " the mexican truffle" . 
The 4 tacos arrived and where each truly unique and different. I also didn't get the same plate representation that DAVID L. posted and didn't get side dishes of sauces. (I know HICCUPS) While they were delicious the arrachera y relleno seemed to have lost its relleno.  Oh well opening day hiccups, not something to worry about as it was still very good. 
Then came the Huitlacoche quesadilla. We have had huitlacoche a few times and really like its flavor.

The menu describes the quesadilla as served with quesillo cheese, sautéed onions, roasted pepper mix and of course huitlacoche.

When it arrived at our table the server identified it as a quesadilla champinon.  We asked her about the huitloche and she corrected herself and said thats what we had and she misspoke. Upon examination what we had was a quesadilla containing cheese, sautéed onions and button mushrooms. No sign of the pepper mix or the Huitlacoche.  
My husband returned it to the window and the woman was very sorry and said she would get us what we ordered.  She took the quesadilla.  A few minutes later she came to the table and said what we had was huitlache.  When we disagreed she offered to get the manager.  
The manager came to our table and he told us what we had was huitlacoche.  My husband told him we knew what huitlacoche was and that it was grown on corn and was a purplish black color and that our quesadilla was only onions, mushrooms and cheese. No huitlacoche or anything that resembled it.  His only reply was that is what huitlacoche is.  
He then said he wouldn't charge us for it.  Nice since we had already paid! he then said he would get it taken care of.  We finished our margaritas and left never seeing him, our $8.00 or our incorrect quesadilla again.  
Based on the quality and taste of the tacos I would be glad to recommend this place, however after the conversation with the manager I can not return.  He was confrontational and actually insisted we had something that we clearly did not and implied we just didn't know what we were talking about.  Since the server had taken the quesadilla we had nothing to show him.  As far as I am concerned that management mentality will not work its way out the like the service hiccups probably will.