Arizona is known for it's amazing foodie gems you can't find anywhere else.

Poncho's is, sadly, not one of them.

Wait! Hear me out. Before you ignore this review, understand that Arizona stands alone when it comes to Mexican food. Having eaten everywhere for Mexican food in both California and New Mexico, I can say that AZ's authenticity and flavor are incomparable. So naturally you would want to make the most of your dining experiences in Arizona and eat at places that have plates that leave a lasting impression on your palette.

Although Poncho's may have a quaint history you want to root for, it doesn't mean that their cooking skills are the kind you want to spend a good amount for. Just because someone says they're Mexican or have a Mexican background does NOT mean that they automatically have the correct method of seasoning, prepping, or even frying.

My boyfriend and I wanted a Sunday lunch there, and we were going in with an open mind. I was actually excited that I would finally try the "pollo fundido" that everyone talked about. We left a little disappointed.

The human traffic in the dining area is distracting. The setup of tables is a little weird, and although the warm paintings of desert landscape are inviting, the constant movement of waitresses, busboys, and families is...well, annoying. Then the food came. It was very, very, VERY inauthentic. The salsa for the chips was literally a tomato paste that resembled something like ketchup with some spices thrown into it. The meal was heavy; it was greasy and felt more like a fast food combo that wouldn't keep me full for too long. Great meals leave you satisfied, but here I couldn't eat much. I looked around and noticed that the crowd that ate at this place really didn't care if the food was bland or nothing close to the beautiful mom and pop shops that would put the food to shame. It was saddening and a little frustrating to know that they were missing out. 

"Can I be honest with you?" My boyfriend asked. 
"I could get something just like this at Del Taco."

Mr. Clinton, if you come back to Phoenix, I can show you places that would blow your mind.