I came to Vegas for my 30th birthday & NYE. As most people we are on a budget &the couple my husband & I went with we all 4 saved a year so we could pay for entire trip without debt. So it took us a few weeks after researching to decide where to go. We decided on Diablo's because of the price & what it included for that price & it was in our hotel in case it was cold , rained , snowed we were going to be ok . We purchased a VIP table for 4. The person who helped us on phone who worked there NOT reservation line bc we wanted accurate info we called restruant prior to booking & the lady who helped us when picking up our tickets prior to the 31st both told us food was included. They also told us & was on their site in WRITING that it opened at 5 pm NOT 8. So we were thrown off when we showed up and they weren't letting anyone in bc they opened at 8. We were starving! So when We get in and seated at 8 to find out NO food was being served . We were extremely upset because while waiting we could have ate our dinner. So we wasted time & money on a snack. It's NYE so getting in was hard so we ended up at the buffet. So we spent more then we planned to & wasted time! So the beginning of our night at Diablo's was a terrible experience . But once we got there our server was awesome at helping us change our terrible attitudes . It was freezing that night & they have 2 large doors they kept wide open the EMTIRE night regardless if anybody was coming through the door . I had a seat where I saw the door & by 930pm there was numerous times that door could have been closed for several minutes!!! We were freezing!!! My husband went & purchased hand earners & gave out poor freezing server one too. We dressed in outfits because we planned to stay inside but bring in a table near the door it felt like we spent money to sit outside. It was a terrible experience but luckily we had a wonderful server and was able to have fun in the freezing cold with out noses running & feet ice cold . For some reason moment wanted doors open. Maybe because they wanted pple to know they were open which is fine but there are other ways to do that to prevent their staff & customers who paid lots of money to sit . It was a terrible experience & working in management I couldn't believe the mistakes that were made