Is "macho" supposed to mean that you don't know how to cook so you go on the cheap to feed people either bland, tasteless, re-heated frozen food or put so much sugar in it that you hope they won't notice it and then charge them way too much for it?  If so, El Hefe in Tempe has nailed it!

First, I have to say that I work right next door to this location. I've seen the transformation from Canteen to El Hefe and honestly, I don't get it.  Canteen fit pretty well into the surrounding shops while having a unique store front appearance.  

El Hefe, on the other hand, is this massively gaudy, wood and steel behemoth that has overextended their boundaries.  They've stretched their front patio space nearly out onto Mill avenue and their back patio has been extended almost over into the neighboring Five Guys and Jimmy Johns.  It's obnoxious.

As for the food, it is mediocre to bad.  We started with the chips and salsa.  The chips were thin and well salted, but slightly stale.  These were accompanied by three salsas, a super sweet tomatillo (my coworker actually asked if there was relish in it), a pico de gallo that was okay - but needed some salt, lime and time to come together, and a red salsa that quite honestly didn't taste like anything.  

I myself had the chicken tinga tacos with their "green cilantro rice".  The rice tasted like something you'd get at the grocery store in a bag or box and just add the parboiled (minute) rice and seasoning mix to boiling water to make.  Nasty.  The chicken tinga tacos were just okay, having a hint of chorizo to them, but also very sweet to the point of overpowering any flavor of chicken that you might be hoping for.  This is exacerbated by their tacos in general being quite small (about 4" across).  I also noticed that the consistency from one taco to the next was quite off.  

My co-worker had an assortment of tacos.  The carne asada taco he quite liked.  The fish taco tasted "old" to him, indicating that the single chunk of battered fish was likely straight from the freezer.  The pork al pastor taco was so sweet that he actually didn't finish it, stating it was one of the worst taco's he's ever had.

So.. seven small taco's, about a cup and a half worth of green minute rice with some cilantro in it, chips and salsa (which if I overheard correctly, they charge for salsa refills) and two waters came out to just under $30.  For two lunches that didn't satiate either of us.  Needless to say, we won't be returning.