Meh. Well...worse than meh.

Here's the thing. The food isn't very good and the prices are insanely high. Actually, the food was almost bad and the prices were out of control, BUT the service was pretty good and the chips and salsa were amazing, so there are your 3 stars. 

When you first walk in you will notice bowls of avocados sitting on your table. 

"OMG! I bet they make table side guacamole!" I exclaimed.

Well they sure do. For $10. Fuck that. $10 is too much for a tiny mini bowl of 2 avocados mixed with chili seasoning and onions. Unless I'm drunk or really hungry, which means I will buy anything. But I wasn't, so I didn't. No table side gauc for me.

Next, the main course. Everything on the menu is beef, pork, chicken or beef, pork, chicken and cream. What if you aren't a huge fatty and CARE about your health? What if you want fresh fish or veggies or if you want your beef/chicken/pork without cream. I guess I shouldn't have eaten that second bowl of tortilla chips, huh? Now I am on a fat rant.

So I order enchiladas - but for the love of god HOLD THE CREAM. The enchiladas were disappointing. I'd give them a C+ or maaaaaaybe a B- because they came on a bed of spinach. (interesting). Maybe the cream would have saved them but I don't think it is necessary to add cream to make a good enchilada, and neither do most Mexican restaurants with much better  ones. The enchiladas were at most bland and blah and not worth $14. I don't mind paying a lot for good Mexican Food, but this wasn't very good. 

I was eating with fellow yelper Scott S. He had the chili relleno. He said is was below average.

By the way, their cheese enchiladas had CHUNKS of beef in the enchilada sauce. Mind you, these are a separate menu items from the beef enchiladas. So your choices are:

Enchiladas with beef
Enchiladas with cheese and secret beef, of which you become aware of after you bite in
Enchiladas with cheese, secret beef and cream

Blech. Die.

At least the iced tea was flowing and the chips and salsa were seiously kick ass.

Hmm... if I wasn't in a generous mood I might be tempted to take away another star. But I won't. Just like I probably won't be back.