A missed opportunity .... 

I was excited that the LGO heritage was going to invade my 'hood (again)... BIG MISTAKE... tonight was a disappointment .... I encouraged my friends to join me at Gallo to see what new and exciting things are  being offered by Doug  Robson (of LGO fame) here are Gallo .... YAWN!

First ...lemme say... I felt the staff was great... granted.. there were only 20 people in the entire restaurant;...our server was attentive and visible.   

I reviewed the menu prior to arrival, so I gently advised my buds that it's not a full service restaurant,  per sea , but more of a "snack stop".   We arrived and were quickly seated; we ordered the guacamole as an appetizer, which we all enjoyed.  The  guac  arrived with a pairing of enhancement sauces which appealed to all.  The chips for dipping were extremely light and flavorful, the highlight of the meal in my opinion.

Using caution and sticking to just tacos, the three of us ordered a mix of all of the Tacos and one ordered the Cheeseburger.    The tacos arrived promptly after the appetizer, the tacos neatly presented in an accordion type metal rack. Although aesthetically pleasing, the rack was not warmed, so it basically "stole" the heat from the tacos.  Thank god it did not steal the flavor, which,...I have to say... was very nice... not FANTASTIC.. but very good.  The pork was great, nice and juicy with a somewhat sweet tang, the Carne Asada, were perfect in my opinion.. the Vegetable tacos.. very flavorful... considering it was just veggies.    My bud who ordered the hamburger was REALLY disappointed... he claimed it not cooked according to his request (medium) but very rare.  He did give kudos for presentation, but that was about it.  

Would I come here again???.. perhaps.. but not to bring a first date or impress my boss... I might however, come here after a heavy night of drinking when the tummy is grumbling.  I'm hoping that Doug will "shine" in a few months and present a new menu with integrity and virtue. 

I am kinda perplexed  by all the GREAT reviews of Gallo,... Many of the Yelpers have given this restaurant overwhelming great reviews... my question...is WHY???