My date and I were in the mood for Mexican and it just so happen that I got a $25 food comp for the place earlier that day. She had never been and I hadn't been for probably 6 years. 

We were seated after a short wait since we had walked up with no reservation. The hostess was fairly friendly when she seated us. We browsed the menu and after a short wait, Ferris, the middle aged balding server came over. We wanted to start off with  Margaritas, I got the El Presedente or whatever the top of the line one was and she got the Silver coin. We were brought out waters as well.  My margarita was pretty good, fair pours, well balanced. She enjoyed hers as well. 

For dinner she orders the soup and Taquitos and I order the veggie Fajitas. The chips and salsa were standard but good. I popped over to the salsa bar to test out different ones with the chips. All were fair to fairly good.  As we waited for our food, I noticed my dates water glass (mixing cup) was cracked. Something that happens from time to time in bars and restaurants from the dishwashers. Those pressure cracks that you cant really feel but can see internal to the glass. When the meals were brought out I mentioned it to Ferris and he took the water and went off.  The demeanor of Ferris the entire dinner was not at all rude but you could tell he just didn't want to be at work or had some things going on. He was missing for 90% of the dinner besides taking the orders but never checking back. He never did bring a new water glass out to her but it was par for course for Ferris.

My date enjoyed the soup and Her Toquitos were just OK. My veggie Fajitas came out steaming hot as is expected. The flavors and veggie assortment were nice. I would give them a solid 3.5 stars. The salsa  was nothing special but played the part.  It filled up up. Ferris brought the check, never asked if we wanted dessert or even a another2  Margaritas. I was too full for dessert but I am always happy to drink.  We sat and talked for about 10 minutes and Ferris never came over to get the check or ask if we needed change. 

I am never one to just leave a check as I like to make sure the server gets it so no shady dirtbags swipe the money inside. Ferris was no where to be found so I put the cop and the rest in cash in the check and left it but told the hostess it was there. I still tipped 20% because I am in the industry and I over tip almost everywhere but Ferris didn't deserve it. I had the comp but because of the mostly average food, above average drinks and way below average service I can only give Gardunos 2 stars. I will not be returning even if I do get another comp.

I find it ridiculous that especially in this economy that service wouldn't be top notch as restaurants are not very busy at all for the most part. This is when service should be at its best. The server can't control the food but he can control his attitude and I will not be back to any place that service isn't at least average. So many better options for Mexican food in the city and even in the area with much better service. Ricardos is right down the street and better in both areas as well as price.