This place is usually really good. Today I had the worst possible service. The waitress took about 10 minutes to take the drink order, and went to get it, and forgot a coffee, and just brought waters, she "remembered" and took 10 mins to come back with the coffee. She then took the order, quick and easy right, sausage and eggs, and a soup (negative ghost-rider) took over 30 minutes to get the order. She (the waitress) never came to inform what might be going on, or an apology or anything; Finally her assistant dropped off the food, and we did not see the waitress all meal long. 

BILL TIME (Chunn-chunn-Chuunnnnnnn): so I ask for the bill, and explained I have an "Entertainment e-coupon"... she asked if she can take the phone, I asked, "do you really need it?" she said yes, the manager has to see it. I asked if the manager could come to the table if he needed to see it. (my phone does not need to be floating around with people I don't know, for I don't know how long). She said I will get him... yep... you guess, she forgot. I had to walk to the bar to ask for the manager (which wasn't at the bar,like the waitress said), he showed up and used the coupon and handed my bill. While I was trying to pay, I mentioned that his waitress needed some help on being a bit more attentive but its like I was talking to the dirty beer mug in front of me, because he did not acknowledge, just asked me for my card. Then, even though he was in front of a register, he decides to go to another register. I follow him, and then the only words out of his mouth are, "sign here" without handing me a pen. When I asked for a pen, he got one, and before the transaction could be completed, he just walked away and left me standing there. 

HORRIBLE WAITRESS, HORRIBLE MANAGER!

These are the type of employees that make people not wanna come back. 
Very disappointed, as this place is usually pretty OKAY.
Never super great, and never super bad... UNTIL TODAY!

I will go back, cause the food is actually pretty decent, but never when these people are there.