I don't know exactly what to say about this place. I hated it - I know that for sure. I just can't put words together as to why. 

I wasn't impressed with the guac - so what if some emo guy with horn rimmed glasses stabs at some avocados and other diced veggies with a spoon for 30 seconds? Is that supposed to make me piss myself with excitement? Anyway, it tasted pretty bland... and for $10.50, I think it should taste better. The chips that came with it were a little greasy, but okay. 

Our entrees were about 15 bucks each and I almost laughed when they arrived... four tiny pathetic lukewarm soft tacos alone on a cold plate. It looked like something I could've bought on a street corner in Rocky Point for 2 bucks. We had the option of getting salads or fries with our tacos... FRIES. How is that Mexican? We had the salads which were okay... 

They only had corn tortillas which I personally don't like. I had carne asada and my girlfriend had shrimp... the beef was pretty good - and the shrimp was okay. The cheese they put on our tacos was kinda gross. Neither of us were really impressed. 

On top of that, the place was pretty loud... I guess it's understandable for a small crowded space. Maybe they could've used some acoustic panels or something. My table almost tipped over on me - I just never felt comfortable there at all. I actually felt so uncomfortable I forgot what stuff was - like I had to ask him to clarify what carne asada was (something I order and eat all the time). I just got all confused after looking through their menu. The server was fake nice to us, but I felt hated... we only saw him at the beginning and end of our meal... we kinda got ignored on the drink refills - I think it's cuz we weren't ordering booze (which they make a fortune on).

As food goes, this place is edible, but not good. It's nowhere near worth these prices. It's comparable to the Pink Taco, but slightly less douchey perhaps? Neither place is very authentic (or good). I asked what on the menu was spicy and he said 'nothing." They also only have one dish with rice - ONLY ONE - and it's just a special because they normally don't have any dishes with rice. What the hell is that? 

I sometimes wonder why people like places like this... it's as though they just like it because the place is crowded and the food is expensive. It's just bland food. Overrated. Overpriced. This place can suck it - I won't be back.