Possibly one of the worst dinner services I've had in a long time. 

Went there to celebrate a friend's birthday, about 12 people all together. The waitress was mediocre at best. We had to ask her for more chips, salsa, and refills on water. She was hardly paying attention to the table. She took forever to take our order. When we arrived the restaurant was steady but started to clear out. Everyone arrived between 730-8pm. So by the time we ordered the restaurant was pretty dead, maybe 8 tables if that were there with what seemed to be a full staff. 

 I ordered a mojito, a classic drink, when it got to my table it tasted and looked horrible. There was no muddled mint in it at all, it looked like a dash of chopped mint.  And the taste was horrid, it tasted like a bad sweet n sour mix. I sent it back and asked for their berry mojito. That was just as bad. It had 2 black berris in it. Again no muddled mint or even muddled berries. It was bad! I didn't even want to send it back again because I knew it was going to come back horrible. 

By the time the food came out everyone was pretty hungry. However that became an even bigger issue. Half of the tables food was just warm. Not even hot! So my friend caught the waitress and asked her to warm up her cheese crisp, and pointed out that half the tables food was cold. The waitress said she'd have a new one made for her and sent the manger over. He came over and she stressed that half the tables food was cold and was very dissatisfied. He apologized and said he'd take care of it. They brought her out a new plate, everyone else sat there and waited with cold food in front of them. After about 10 min of waiting, my boyfriend caught the waitress and expressed his unhappiness with her service and then expressed his dissatisfaction with the food being cold, she specifically said that everyone's food was being remade. After waiting another good 10 min he caught the manger and asked where the food was. The manner has no idea what he was talking about, and said he never promised to remake food. At that point my boyfriend was furious. He stated how is it they would remake one person's food, but not the rest when they were specially pointed out too. Also how could they possibly send out like warm food when the restaurant was empty! The manager had no explanation. 

A complete waste of time. I will never be venturing back to Blanco tacos. The food was mediocre. The rice was full of butter, no other flavor, it felt like I was eating a stick of it. The charro beans had no flavor. A complete let down from Fox restaurant concepts.