I believed the hype, perhaps for the last time, Pittsburgh! It was with optimism and an eager appetite I ventured to Yo Rita, driving to the dreaded Southside just for the new meal experience. See paragraph two if you only care about the food. First off, our server was TERRIBLE, the hostile check-on-you-from-afar-but-avert-eyes-when-you-seem-to-be-looking-for-her type. Bare minimal attention was given to us, her only table at 4:30pm on a weekday, while another sweet server danced around and took care of people with a smile, including us on an occasion. The sweet one gave us that knowing, apologetic look, while I am sorry for anyone who has to work alongside people who carry their personal problems with them everywhere they go. And I am sorry that one bad egg can really spoil a restaurant review. When I ask a question about ingredients and you don't know the answer, ask the kitchen; don't tell me that you don't think so and try to talk me out of wanting to know for sure. Or, just lie with a confident answer and hope I don't die as a result of an allergic reaction! And when it's time to pay, you might as well promptly get the hell rid of us instead of subjecting us to your bitchin' conversation behind the bar.

Chips and salsa rocked! Some people with a competent server even got a salsa refill! Jicama salad, pretty darn good! Would have been happy for the meal to end there! Instead, two of us shared three ambitious tacos which fell flat. As others have mentioned, the beet taco's combination of flavors doesn't quite work, nor does it even taste interesting. I expected shredded beets, but they were big chunks which kept falling out, I lost a couple to the floor. Send me back to finishing school before I call a 5 second rule! At least I avoided droppage on my petticoat (hoes b clubbin' lookin' fine for dos men wid somethin' fat in they pocket, beware). On to the mushroom. Nothing wild about cremini mushrooms in my opinion! I was hoping for a mix of different mushrooms, as suggested by "wild and cultivated" on the menu. Guess they were just appealing to my thus described sensibilities. The tofu was probably my least anticipated, but favorite of the tacos, and I don't remember why. For dessert, I drank some root liquor drink with soy milk and malted something; it was a victorious finish before the final count-down. Partner's margarita was also excellent.

Interior was fine and at first they were playing some really fitting (ie. to the logo) garage and surfer guitar rock. By the end, they were playing the worst droning love ballads of all time, who knew there was a station for that? Puke. 

Couple o' days later I tried Round Corner Cantina's seitan tacos. They win.