This place is a complete rip off. They charge 4 small tacos and even a single quesadilla for approximately 11-12 dollars and the cheapest food on their menu is a small house salad for 7 dollars that I can easily make at home from grocery produce that I can buy from a super market. I went with a few yelpers after a large event and upon arrival the place was pretty well lit, clean, and cozy; but I was surprised at their menu because it was incredibly limited and devoid of any substantial variety.

It took them around 40 minutes for them to finally finish cooking our meals and from looking at all the dishes that the other yelpers, ordered they looked incredibly small. No single dish could even seem as though it could satisfy anyone's hunger. I believe that you need to order at least 3 or more (which means more spending!) to even accomplish such a simple endeavor. 

Also, the service staff members were kind of creepy. Sure, they all wore nice fancy dress shirts and ties, but we could all tell that they were simply pretending to act nice towards us so we won't complain about spending money on their overly priced foods. They also seemed to enjoy talking in a high pitched vocal tonality for some strange apparent reason (not that they are necessarily brown nosers of course :P). It's easy enough to simply acted as though they cared, but there were very few people in the venue and I could not believe the tremendous amount of time they took to make our food.   

They only exception I can guarantee is the variety of exotic alcohol drinks that seemed to fill up 1/3 of their menu and of course their fancy  environment, but this place is pretty small regardless. I would wish that a better restaurant could occupy Mundo's space because of their grand location near the World Market Center but I'll just avoid this spot for now. 

The only advice that I could give is to go try this place out yourself or if this review managed to fully convince you how terrible this place was, it's better to go buy your own groceries or even travel to Ihop/Dennys for a more superior experience.