As a native Texan, I have a hard time even bringing myself to go to Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas - my palate is honed to Tex Mex, powerful salsas, reasonable prices...

I saw La Comida pop up and decided it would great to try a new place downtown that had what seemed like a relatively authentic menu and great location.  We made reservations for Saturday night and met our friends there - both of us securing rockstar parking (it was early for Saturday dinner) and a half-moon booth inside but right by the open patio.

One of our friends is Mexican and saw huarache on the menu, a childhood favorite.  We were given a mini galvanized tub of warm chips and salsa, which was plain - our friend asked the server in Spanish for the non-gringo salsa which got us a chile de arbol salsa, which was not much better.  Waters were served in mason jars which is cute.

The server did ask before we opened our menus if we wanted guacamole with our chips - my friend immediately agreed - to which we experienced dismay upon opening the menu and seeing it for $11 - and the $11 did not include a tableside guac in molcajete show - but instead a small side bowl that was not much bigger than the mini salsa container.  That was a disappointment - at least do it tableside to charge that much - what I can make for $2 with 2 avocados!

Our table's order was our friends' getting huarache and queso fundido, I ordered the ceviche trio, and Eric R. got the chicken enchiladas with mole.  He was pleased to hear it came with rice and beans.  When the food was delivered, the queso came with tortillas, and Eric got a small plate with his 2 enchiladas (topped with pickled onions), and I got a small plate (see pic) with 3 divided sections with ceviche.  My husband's sad face was attributed to the "communal" rice and beans, which he thought was bizarre since he was not sharing his with anyone.

The huarache had cheap meat, not like the kind our friend expected.  He was a bit disappointed.  Eric R.'s meal was cold - he had an enchilada then sent his plate and the communal beans and rice back to be reheated.  The kitchen was nice enough to give him 2 new enchiladas hot.  Of my 3 ceviches, the snapper one was tasteless (dry fish, pepper, and sliced green and red bell peppers) but the shrimp in a green sauce and the bay scallop with tropical fruit were very tasty.

Overall, it seemed just too expensive for small portions and food that was not memorable.  The only thing memorable is the rip-off guacamole that we were somewhat conned into ordering.  Our server was nice but it took awhile to get our check taken care of though it was not terribly busy at the early hour.  This place will definitely stay popular, so enjoy those $20 margaritas (not kidding) and $7 bottles of XX - no beers on tap.