My colleagues and I went here while we were in Las Vegas for professional development.  Our waiter was the rudest most foul-mooded server I've ever encountered.  We were nothing but friendly and I honestly can't think of why he would be so rude except for the fact that we used Living Social (or Groupon, I can't remember which), coupons to save some money.  We brushed it off, but over the course of the meal it became almost awkward when we would ask for another cocktail or whatever else. The chef/owner came out to check on us. He was extremely friendly and kind.  We told him, kindly, as we thought he would like to know, that it seemed our waiter was in much less than a happy mood to be serving us. The chef seemed genuinely concerned and offered to give us two free flan desserts. We thanked him sincerely. He asked us to return and to spread the word about the restaurant and tell our other colleagues to come out to enjoy a meal.  Upon receiving our bill we noticed that we were charged for one of the flan's.  It was strange and awkward and at that point we just paid without saying anything further and left.  

With regards to the food... It wasn't memorable. Not bad, not great. There was a man singing for entertainment of the guests, as many restaurants have, who was very awkward.  We were one of two small groups in the restaurant and he was singing his own acoustic, silly versions of pop songs like Britney Spears' "Hit Me Baby One More Time." It totally didn't go with the cantina atmosphere of the restaurant and it was so loud and honestly a bit obnoxious.  It was funny at first, but then just... annoying. We didn't complain. We smiled, we applauded, we engaged with him when he engaged with us via the microphone from across the restaurant.  

I never write a place off due to one rude server who may have just been having a bad night. (Granted, he seemed to be very friendly with a couple of local gals having a drink at the bar.) Anyways, I don't think I would ever return here being that the food was average, the service was far below average, we were charged for an "on-the-house" dessert that was intended to "make up for" the bad service, and the musician providing the tunes for the night did not fit the vibe of the restaurant... at. all.