Inconsistent, at best, but I am so rooting for it to get better.

I've been there twice in the last week and had one excellent dish (which was mediocre the next night), two okay dishes, an oddly plated dish, and an inedible dish.  Likewise for the drinks: two excellent cocktails, and one we had to send back.

Atmosphere: The space is great - large with adequate space between tables, mood lighting but not so dark we couldn't see our food, and on a week night it was quiet enough to hear each other talk (weekend evening was loud).  The floor-to-ceiling windows contribute to the sense of spaciousness and the mixture of booth, table and bar seating contributes to the liveliness.

Drinks: On the weekday night we started at the bar where we had the full attention of the bartender, who was passionate about what he was doing and happy to share his craft (ok, to be truthful, it took a little time to get him to treat us as knowledgeable drinkers, but once he did, he turned around and starting sharing the finer points of what they were trying to do with the drink offerings, which was a pleasure).  The Sopa de Fuego cocktail was out of this world - spicy, sour, sweet, bitter - fabulous combination, and we kept them coming. The tequila Manhattan was also excellent - not too sweet, and with a lovely roundness. The top shelf Margarita had to be sent back because it was weak.

Food: The good news is that the servers aim to please - they were willing to switch out salsas, discuss the food with interest and knowledge, and make changes to dishes to avoid allergies and special requests. Also good news were the crisp chips and tomatillo salsa brought to the table when we arrived. And some of our dishes were quite good; the Fritos De Camarones y Maiz were tasty with the delicate flavor of the rock shrimp shining through (the middle was a bit undercooked, but not too doughy). The caesar salad was also good, although somewhat odd in presentation: an *entire* head of romaine had simply been sliced in half lengthwise and laid on the plate with a couple of spoonfulls of dressing. Good, but too much lettuce and not enough dressing. On the other hand, the guacamole was a problem. We ordered a side of guacamole but requested that the kitchen leave out one ingredient and what came out was . . . avocados mashed in big chunks (perhaps a small splash of lime). No anything else!  And the avocado was tasteless. On the first night the Pozole Verde was outstanding - chunks of melt-in-the-mouth pork in a rich pork broth with a a couple of spoonfuls of pozole and traditional garnishes of cabbage, radishes and some pumpkin seeds.  The flavor was excellent and there was a creamy texture to the soup that was glorious.  I could have happily eaten a second bowl!  On the second night, however, the Pozole was inedible - 1/4 inch of fat floated on the top of the soup, and the creamy texture had been replaced with the mouthfeel of cornstarch thickener.  Worst of all, there was a taste like liquid smoke to the soup that didn't fit at all - it tasted artificial. Speaking of liquid smoke, that was the taste that dominated the Enchiladas de Verduras - it didn't taste like it came from a smoker, but from a bottle. Despite some nice red rice on the side, the dish was inedible and, after one bite each, we pushed it aside. 

Some serious kinks in consistency to be worked out, and some refinements to be made to the dishes before the food comes to match the decor. I'm rooting for them - a fabulous tequila list, prime location, and good space means that this place good be a big win if they push for consistency and quality in the food.