We got to experience Macayo's because the local Italian restaurant is closed on Sundays.

How to express the feel...?  Not very busy on a Sunday afternoon around 4 PM...overpriced and certainly light-on-the-tequila margaritas...plenty of chips and salsa being delivered to the table...entrees that took WAY too long to be delivered...portion size and presentation leaving much to be desired...and the waiter kept our water glasses full.

Would you be satisfied with an order of rolled tacos which list on the menu as coming topped with  guacamole?  When the cheese is sprinkled on so lightly that you can count the shred strands on each one?  When the guacamole is served in a 2-ounce solo cup on the side?  I think not!

Another in my party ordered a chicken soft taco and a bean and cheese burrito...the chicken was in shreds, like someone in the kitchen boiled breast, thighs and legs and subsequently shredded them with a fork.  The worst part was no seasoning...save for the salsa served with the chips.  The bean and cheese burrito was a study in rice...so much rice that it was difficult to find the beans and cheese in the burrito.

The fourth in our group ordered the nachos supreme.  The chips are advertised as coming smothered in beef or chicken (he chose beef),
cheese, refried beans, tomatoes, sour cream and guacamole.  Again, the guacamole came on the side in a 2-ounce solo cup as well as the sour cream.  They were not requested on the side...but they came that way. 

As I am in search of the best guacamole burrito on the planet, that is what I ordered...a burrito that is guacamole, sour cream, bacon, cheese and raw onion.  The burrito I received...got the guacamole...got the cheese...got the sour cream...missing the onion...and some really fatty bacon.  It has been a long time since I had a guacamole burrito that chewy.

Margaritas were just a flat-out mistake.  I guess you have to know someone behind the bar to get much more than the faint whisper of a tequila bottle being passed in front of the glasses.  When they are delivered, they look incredible...the glasses filled perfectly...the salt on the rim done so well you could take a measuring tape to the glass and find perfect consistency all the way around.  While I enjoy the look of a well-presented margarita, I wanna feel and taste tequila in it!

Maybe this works for the family 'hispanic eatery down the street'...it does not do so well for me.