Maybe it was my high expectations going into dinner that caused such a let down, but truly it was the lousy food and average service.  

Our meal started with margaritas at the bar, which for $8 each, were made with well/plastic bottle/cheapo tequila.  Not even (gag) Cuervo.  Or Sauza.  This was bottom bottom shelf tequila.  Triple sec?  Yep, same plastic bottle variety.  The sour mix was good though, couldn't tell whether it was fresh lime but not sickening sweet.  But $8?  C'mon, that's just robbery.

Love the ambiance, and dig the chicano art vibe.  Servers were visibly not overly happy to be there, and I felt like there was the whole BS sales pitch on food/beverage. The whole "Who's ready for margaritas?" line doesn't work buddy.  Had I not gotten mine from the bar, I would easily been turned off to not want to order one.

We ordered our meal, and the server provided a olive tapenade that I enjoyed, but served with cold cut bread?  Ok, so forget serving the obligatory mexican-american chips, but c'mon, must be something more interesting to serve.  Bread was cold and borderline stale.  

Our meals came, and I ordered the Cochinita Pibil.  For me, this dish needs to evoke feelings of eating home cooked food in a "warm your whole body and give you an endorphin rush" kind of way.  That was completely absent.  The pibil was served with 4 cold and dry corn tortillas (not homemade either) and was easily the saltiest thing I've ever eaten on a plate.  And for me, who is a salt lover, it was unbearable.  Maybe they can get away with serving such crummy pibil because people have never had good pibil?  I don't know.  

Girlfriend's tilapia was good, as was my dad's mole negro enchiladas and my mom's pollo poblano.  Not 5 stars good, however.  The mole had too much chocolate for my liking as it was very sweet and had too much cinnamon.

The potato mash they served on the side was tasty.  Probably one of my favorite things about the meal.

My rant will end with this:  enough with chicken breast.  Yeah, I get it, trying to be "upscale", but for the love of Foster Farms, serve a whole leg with your mole.  Dark meat is delicious and for me should be served with your homey rich sauces.

Oh, and for the reviewer that said this was actually located in the barrio - go spend some time down in Guadalupe.  This is not the barrio.  At all.