Geez... I will most likely never return to La Comida. Food was ok, drinks were alright but the lack of service is what really ruined the experience. We've only been here once before during their early months of opening and it was an ok experience. We went for a Sunday brunch, so the menu was smaller. I thought the food was good, but nothing that stood out making me want to return. 

It was a Friday night and I wanted to try a new restaurant that had just opened around the corner, Carson Kitchen, but seeing as it was a Friday night around 8pm, there was an hour and a half wait, so we decided to try Carson Kitchen another night and eat somewhere else near that, leading us to La Comida. 

My party of 4 were sat at a table next to the bar, squeezed between other large parties. Servers bringing the complimentary chips and salsa came shortly after while we decided on drinks. We all ordered margaritas, which took a bit to arrive but whatev, it was Friday and the bar was busy. We had finished both baskets of chips and salsa before the waiter had returned to take our dinner order. Luckily I ordered the elotes asados (mexican street corn) to start (which was pretty darn delicious) so that held us over until our entrees came. When they finally did come, I had ordered the Sea Bass Frito a la Baja (primarily cabbage stuffed tacos with a little fried fish inside), my boyfriend got the Fajitas (pretty much a plate of steak on top of peppers and onions with tortillas, no toppings! wtf?). My mom had ordered the Enchilada de Pollo dish that was a mole enchilada, which she enjoyed, and my dad the Camaron del Golfo. He said that it was good, but a small portion. I will say though, he's a big guy so almost every dish is a small portion. We had finished everything.

We thought about possibly getting dessert since we were still hungry, but our waiter had not returned through the entire corse of the meal. No check up, no asking for another drink order, nothing. We had waited, irritated, for so long, that our dessert appetite was lost and I was ready to walk out without paying the bill, but we didn't. I had kept an eye out for our server, but he seemed to always walk on the other side of the restaurant and not even look in the direction of us. I finally had to ask a bus boy to grab our check so we could get the heck out of there.

After the bill was paid, we left, and I decided that I will most likely not return. In a town full of great Mexican food and attentive service, this place needs to take a few lessons. I think the only good things they've got going for them is being Downtown and having trendy decor.