I usually see the bright side of any situation, but for my experience here a 2-star review is generous and it is mostly because of the food. I came here on 08/24 at around 4:30 pm. We came specifically to this restaurant for two reasons, we had a gift certificate/coupon, and we were attending the Cardinals game at 7 pm. We intended to sit, relax, pace our eats, and drink until the game. At the time we were seated, there wasn't any wait, and there were only two tables full in the area we were sat. We looked online before we came and they had a lot of good looking choices. We we were seated, we were given a one page (front/back) Special Event menu. On this special menu, there wasn't that many options, but we thought whatever and we were hungry. Our thoughts were if the menu is smaller everything should be done correctly, wrong so wrong.  For appetizers we ordered Chips & Salsa, guacamole, and jalapeno poppers.
Chips- Wouldn't call them chips. More like tostadas broken in half and sometimes thirds.
Salsa- Not much flavor or spice and lacked salt
Guacamole- tasted like avocados were previously frozen or was in a plastic container. It lacked salt and flavor. To improve it, we used our limes from our beverages, added salt, and the salsa we had at our table. Made it better, but not by much.
Jalapeno poppers- Not what I expected. Was basically cream cheese, bacon, and diced jalapenos molded together and shaped like a jalapeno. Had good flavor and was possibly fried a little too long, but it had bacon in it, so how bad could it be.
For our entrees we ordered the taco salad and the classic taco with refried beans. I did not taste the taco salad, but it was described as OK. I had the Classic taco plate with refried beans. As stated before, everything lacked salt. I can honestly say Taco Bell tacos and pintos & cheese are far more superior then what I ate at Calico Jack's.
Now here is where the disappointment gets a little deeper. We went to pay for our bill and was told that we could NOT use our gift certificate on Special Events. Special Event? It's just a pre-season Cardinal game and being walking distance to the stadium (0.3 miles) should not be deemed a special event. I love the Cardinals, but it's no New Years celebration. Now we had to pay around $75.00 for a below standard meal when we could have gladly paid that and more at the Yard House which was nearby. Being irritated by this, my wife asked to speak to the manager to show us where it stated this on our gift certificate (really couldn't/didn't explain it well), but told us that on game days it's considered a special event, and that the menu it scaled back to items that can be cooked/prepared quickly, and that their corporate office decides when the special events are. So basically they are being lazy and greedy to quickly turn over tables.We said when we came in to the establishment, there wasn't that many people in the restaurant. We also mentioned that the food was not at all that good and he said he couldn't control what came out of the kitchen. 
Is it fair or right for them to claim around 125 events from steps away Jobing .com Arena and over 110 events at University of Phoenix Stadium as special events? Needless to say, I will not be returning to this place even if it were free. If you do, just go for the drinks, because those were very good, well made, and not watered down. Our waitress was very good and pleasant as well as all the other table staff.