Walking around Scottsdale during lunch time.  Decided to stop in here rather than walk a few more blocks to Los Dos.  In hindsight, we should have walked!

Party of 6, 4 adults, 2 kids.  I ordered the tortilla soup - $6 for a bowl.  It was good, lots of chicken and was tasty.  When I asked for chips to put into my soup, I was told that we woud be charged for more chips because we had already received 2 chip portions and they charged $2 for more chips after that.  This did not please me.  We had 6 people at the table and the chip "baskets" that they use could not possibly have more than 1 cup of chips per basket.  I have NEVER been told that there was a charge for chips in a mexican food restaurant.  I will note though, that this place does not really qualify as mexican - think Tex Mex.  

I thought that the serving sizes were pretty measily for the prices they charge.  One person at our table ordered two tacos with beans and rice ($10).  The tacos were very small and were served with about 4 Tablespoons each of beans and rice.  BUT, if you like lettuce, you'd be in for a treat!  Half the plate space was taken up with shredded lettuce to fill the space that should have had FOOD on it!  My kids split the chicken tenders and fries plate (also $10).  They received 4 tenders and a handful of waffle fries.  I don't know that we've ever paid $10 for something that would normally be on a kids menu at any other place for about $6.

It looked like our server was serving the entire restaurant.  We motioned to two girls who were standing near the chips talking.  They both came over and asked if we needed something.  We said we were ready to order and they said that they would find our server because they were "training."  They only thing we saw them do was stand and talk over at the chip counter.    

Considering how many great places there are to eat in the area, I would not chose to eat here again.  Can't really find anything that makes this place stand out from any other ho-hum place.  The price of the food and what actually was on the plate did not seem to correlate to each other.  No thanks