Ridiculous. They've been open for at least a couple months now, and they're operating as if they'd thrown together a crew of teenagers last night to open today.

We stood at the front for 3-4 mins near the absent hostess table before we began to be greeted. I say "began" because before she was even finished with her sentence, the person who greeted us promptly turned around and walked off talking to another worker.

A minute later someone else hesitantly approached us, and the first girl came back and addressed him as if we weren't there: "can you seat them?" He did; left & came back only seconds later to take drink orders, and since we hadn't had time to walk up to the bar & look at the current beer selection (the taps change & their waiters evidently don't bother memorizing what's there), he disappeared for a while.

He finally reemerged, took our drink orders, said "that's it?" and in the 4 secs it took us process & say "um, just to drink, yeah, but food wise..." he was gone again. He didn't come back until later in the evening. I say "evening" because the whole experience of ordering & receiving 2 drinks & 4 tacos took nearly two hours.

A different guy walked over 10-15 mins later and asked if we were OK. I told him we wanted to order food, to which he replied, "oh, I'm just filling in, I'll be back." Why did you ask if you weren't expecting to have to do anything about it? To his credit, he did come right back and take our order, and you could tell that he probably had just been called over from Firefly to help out; he was the most communicative out of all the employees we encountered. He checked on our still absent drinks for us and apologized for the wait.

Meanwhile, it was still 30 mins or so before 2 of our 4 tacos were finally delivered. It was another 10-15 mins or so before someone else (who'd also apparently just arrived) came by and asked how we were doing. I said we were still waiting on half our order, and he went to check on it. It was another several mins before the other two got delivered -- and one was missing half of the ingredients the menu said came on it. I finally got someone's attention and let them know. He brought it back to the kitchen window, where one of the cooks dumped a small dollop of salsa & avocado pieces on it, & it was brought back and put in front of me by the first waiter kid, who turned & left again without so much as an apology.

By this time I'm kind of over it all, so when the guy who also apparently just got there came back over to ask how everything was, I told him how there'd been several misses over the course of our time there and I really couldn't see myself coming back. He apologized & said he'd just gotten there (yeah, I gathered that much), and next time he came by he said he'd take care of our food. The 4 tacos cost less than our 2 drinks, so I guess that's good for them.

Food-wise, it was meh. Salsa was decent, but had no spice at all. Chips OK. The veggie and the beans & cheese tacos were pretty good; the baja & chicken tinga tacos, not so much. All together, food would have been a solid 3 stars, & beer selection is decent. The myriad customer service faults dropped it to 1 star. Raised to 2 stars because at least the dude comped the food part of our bill, & one of the other dudes had brought us a second thing of chips & salsa because our food was taking so long.