Alright, mind you this is a second review to my first one 3 years ago. We love Arribas and their food tastes great, and still does. I gave Arribas 4 stars last time, but this time they're lucky to get 2. I'd give the food 5, but the service 0. 

Sorry, but not sorry to 'Miguel' our server, but you really need to be retrained on your serving etiquette...

Fri night, got sat, waited almost 20min to get greeted. Then 'Miguel' came up after almost 20min, took our drink order. We tried to give him our full order and he said, 'sorry I can't take your order, I'm not your server.' Then he comes back a little later with waters, chips and salsa and says 'well I guess I am your server'. (Oh and after he greeted us the first time, we saw him turn to a manager talking to her and obviously upset because he thought he was cut or was about to be cut, yet he wasn't and we were his last table.)

So he takes our order, (oh yea we have an 18month old and it's already hard enough dealing with all of this too because it's taken so long). As he takes our order we tell him what we want for our son, he says 'do you want the guac and sour cream with his meal?' Implying that it comes with it. Nope it didn't come with it, we got charged 2.29 and 1.99 for both sides with the kids meal, which were almost the same price as the kids me itself. 

Food came out quick, tastes great, yet by then we had been there for almost 45min, our son was well over impatient and ready to go, my wife and I couldn't enjoy our dinner, decided to box up our food and ask for the check to leave without any longer delay... Yet we had to wait for 'Miguel' because he was busy complaining to the busser about the mess his other table left(no pre bussing), looking at his tips and cash left right in front of us from other tables, paying no attention to us.. We had all of our plates stacked and ready for him to grab and all we wanted was boxes and the check. Yet we had to wait until it was convenient for him to come over to us.

Now like I said, we've been to Arribas before, we love the food, always appreciate the service even if it's busy and it takes a little long(it's been worth it). Although when we get neglected, undermined, and screwed into a bad experience/paying for what we didn't order, we really don't appreciate it. MIGUEL was unprofessional, deceiving, and neglectful. Regardless of us being his last table or upset he wasn't cut yet doesn't give him the right to ruin our night. We would've preferred he transferred us to a more appreciative server.

I guess this must be our fault for coming to Arribas on a Friday night at this time, maybe if we waited a little longer until Miguel was officially cut then we would've gotten a better server, or we should've just sat at the bar?

I'm a server myself, been one for 8 years, I know how it is, I understand how it is if it's slow, you think you're going to get cut, or you think you are yet you aren't, it doesn't matter. Transfer the table if you really want to, or have to leave. Your table is your table. Don't take your crappy night out on someone else, not cool. 
Oh and don't count/look at your tips (and make reactions) 2 feet away from your other active tables, cmon man!

Who knows when we plan on coming back to Arribas, maybe we'll just get it take out next time to avoid the hassle.