i love coupons. apparently the server at cantina laredo doesn't. i presented mine (free guacamole!) and she looked horrified but returned a few minutes later with all the proper ingredients. it was fun to watch the guacamole mashed together right in front of our eyes. we dined with some out of town guests who found the guacamole presentation exciting ... i fear that until friday night they had never been introduced to it. 

our out-of-towners are not familiar with the mexican food the way most phoenicians are and asked *lots* of questions that were met with nothing short of annoyance from our server. then my dad demanded the server re-explain an entree for my mother, who "might" want to order it (she didn't). yes, our table was probably a pretty annoying one to be stuck with, but that's part of being a server. suck it up. i'm sure you dealt with people far more awful than our group before.

our food arrived within a reasonable length of time. the server and her helper had a hard time figuring out whose food belonged to whom - fine at applebee's, but i expected that this place would match the entree to the diner with ease. the food, admittedly, looked great. i had the fiesta chicken salad, complete with not ripe avocado and delivered with the wrong dressing. i ate it anyway. chicken was way too salty. hub had the carne asada steak. it was served charred but tasty, and portion was really small. we just didn't understand how that cheap cut of meat could fetch $18.99. i can't speak to what the other 5 in our group had; i was focused on choking down my salty chicken. 

after our food was delivered, our server failed to appear again until she asked if we would like dessert. i could have used another vodka tonic 20 minutes earlier and a water refill. dessert, a chocolate nut brownie thing with ice cream, was created table side and everyone agreed it was the best part of the meal. my bottom line: the food we ate was overpriced. our food was just ok. service sucked. there's no reason to go back.