I'd been looking forward to eating at this restaurant for several months as it always seemed to pop up when I was looking for places to eat around downtown. This particular Friday night was finally a night where both my boyfriend and I decided that some good Mexican food was in order and we arrived just after 8pm.

We arrive and park in back and had no problems finding a parking spot. We come through the back door which is always slightly intimidating in my opinion but we stroll on through and make our way to the hostest stand. We were met by a man who asked how many in our party and our name. No smile or a welcoming Hello. Maybe he was just having a bad day. We were told we had a 20 minute wait. We walk the 5 steps over the bar and decide to order a beer while we waited. Unfortunately, the bartender had just stepped away and didn't come back for at least another 15 minutes. As we finally order our beer and she hands them to us, our table is ready. We are sat on the other side of the restaurant, near the back of the room next to the waiter stand with the registers and the bathroom. I HATE getting sat back here. I get that someone has to sit there but for me, it takes away from the whole experience of the restaurant and clearly dampens the ambiance. Our waiter arrived after another wait and he must have been having a bad day too because there was no smile, no hello, it was just "What would you like to drink?' and a quick run down of their menu. At this point I'm beginning to think that maybe this place isn't known for their service and am hopeful their food will make up for it. 

We order the tableside guacamole. I get that this is normally an expensive appetizer and you pay for the presentation but for the price, you usually get someone who doesn't have a scowl on their face and using the shabby metal cart that was sitting next to us at the waiter stand. All the extra ingredients for the guac were placed under a towel and once he finished, he placed the towel back over it and wheeled it back into the corner. Fancy. The guac was good but not worth the cost in my opinion. I WILL be adding pomegranate seeds to my own this summer though as that was an interesting addition and would be great in the summer!

My boyfriend ordered a dish that was some sort of pepper stuffed with meat and cheese that he liked but didn't finish, which is a rarity for him. I ordered their house special, the cochinita pibil which is a slow roasted pork with steamed veggies and mashed potatoes. The pork tasted like something that could have come out of my crockpot. Yes it was tender and the flavor was...well, like a pork roast. Nothing special about it at all. The mashed potatoes had some additional ingredients and were the best thing on my plate but the steamed veggies were just that, with a little seasoning. Pretty bland. 

Overall, between the lack luster service, sitting in the worst spot in the restaurant, and the okay food, we have to many other places to try and will never be back.