I love trying new places and was excited to try this place, but I was very disappointed, as well as a few people from our party. My sister likes this place for happy hour with drinks and such, but we sat in the dining room. The hostess said they didnt have time to set up our table so they just brought silver ware on napkins and set it down. I thought that was kind of rude but all is good. Just simply my opinion.

Chips, salsa and bean dip, FABULOUS. Absolutely delicious. I enjoy great starters like that.

It was a Saturday night so they were busy but the place was not packed and there was no wait or line to sit. Our server was really nice, but she was so slow. Serving and having that nack for it is an art, but it is teachable. My family has been servers and in the industry for years so we understand the gist of it. She probably did not get proper training because she was so unorganized, and it took multiple questions and attempts for her to follow though to bring us anything before she took off running before we were even done talking. She was really nice and I know she is trying to make ends meet, but the service was bad.

Mom had the chicken chimichunga. It was under cooked, flat and absolutely tasteless. I split the carne asada burrito with my partner. I enjoyed it, but the steak (in my opinion) was too big. I am used to it being cut up smaller, but it was hardly stuffed with steak and it was flat. Rice and beans were pretty good, but overall dinner was very disappointing. I felt horrible that night and was bloated. My system just did not agree.

Overall, the evening was not bad. Just frustrating with the lack of service, and so-so quality of the food. You could tell the restaurant was very unorganized and no one knew what was going on. There was a table of 6 who left about 30 minutes after we got there, (they were done) and it took over 20+ minutes for the table to even get cleaned and reset while I watched a part of 6 or 7 sit up front for over 20 minutes, and there were some other free tables. We also watched food get brought to the wrong table over 3 times. So even though we were in our own world, seeing all this took away from the experience.

I am not sure if I recommend this place or not. I felt horrible after I ate there but I may give them another shot in the future. I was only here once, but to me, first impressions are everything. They are in a great location and I hope they read these and will work on improving their food and system of running the restaurant.