Casa don Juan and I have had an up and down relationship in the past. The first time I came here I loved it, second time I was disappointed. It's been about two years (honest to goodness, really TWO YEARS?! time flies.) that I've been back.

After checking out the new bar down the street (which I will review later) my friend and I were having drunk hunger pains. I was in the mood for Mexican and was contemplating El Gordo, but since Casa don Juan was in perfect walking distance we decided to dine-in here once again.

Let's begin with pricing - I think theirs stinks big time. Look, most Mexican places in Vegas are traditionally not hard on your wallet. You can usually get a combo plate in the 10 buck range (including taxes) as long as you aren't ordering carne asada or shrimp. But not at CJ's. Dinner menu boasts prices of $11.99+ and even appetizers prices are flagrantly high, especially considering the location of this place. Look, I'm not a cheapskate, nor do I think businesses should not make money, but the bottom line is I can go to numerous other Mexican restaurants and have just as good food for about 5 dollars less.

Food - Chips were brought out cold. Bean dip was decent and warm. Salsa at least has a spice-kick to it, so it's not totally bland.

Ordered - The "Casa don Juan" style wet burrito with chicken. The burrito is a decent size, comes with guac on top and the "wet" sauce. As for inside, you get beans, lettuce, meat, pico de gallo, rice, and lettuce. To me, the lettuce was gross, wet and mushy. The beans were eh same goes for the rice. The chicken was not seasoned very well - just plain 'ol shredded chicken. Overall the burrito was filling for my drunk tummy and that's all she wrote.

So. The deal is I would really love to at least LIKE Casa don Juan, but they just ain't cutting it. They need to make the food better and keep the prices, or they need to lower their menu prices and keep the same mediocre food. As with many places downtown I think Casa don Juan is going through growing pains and adapting to the new popularity that a decent downtown experience has to offer. I hope they find a happy medium, and I may try them again in the future. We shall see.