******* 1 star service/ 4 star food ******

What a nightmare!!! What was supposed to be a birthday meal meal for a friend, quickly turned out to be a sideshow...

When we asked the waitress if the special of the night "green chile pasta" had seafood, she adamantly stated no. When asked what type of pasta it was made with she had no clue. She the proceeded to inch her way over to the next table of diners and poke them for the answer. After much debate the patrons determined it was a rice noodle. This was very uncomfortable for all parties. 

2 of us received our meals. When Our birthday friend received his pasta special... It was decorated with shrimp. We specifically asked about seafood due to allergies and were told no seafood was included. When we advised our server that we could not accept the meal due to the seafood, she shrugged us off and said she would send over the waitress. Once the waitress arrived we explained the allergy situation again and advised her that this could not be eaten... Instead of apologizing for her error, she asked if we wanted them to "remove" the shrimp??? We stated to her that it would need to be remade. With some resistance she took the plate. 10 minutes later a shrimp free version arrived.

Our birthday guest had to wait 10 more minutes than we did to receive his food. We opted to eat our dishes, otherwise, we would have had cold dishes ourselves....

The total bill for this event was $ 154.00 + tax. I tipped the waitress $40.00 as a courtesy as I was advised she split tips with the busboy and server- who very polite and on point.

I proceeded to email Richardsons to advise of the experience. It has been 2 + weeks and not a word from this restaurant. I was not looking for anything except an apolgy and ownership for ruining a birthday celebration.

This restaurant is far from a 3 star service level... What a shame as the food is exceptional. Recognizing that the entire experience is key when charging $25.00 + price points for meal is a must in this competitive market.

Stick to Barrio Cafe as they have the formula for success down. I will never eat here again and route all co-workers, family and friends elsewhere.