I am all about trying new mexican restaurants since it is pretty much my favorite type of food. So I decided to try this new place that I had seen while shopping in Chandler. When we walked in on a Saturday afternoon, the restaurant was surprisingly close to empty. Not a very good sign considering that several other places that were in this building before had gone out of business. In any event, I was still excited after reading that they actually served you bean dip with your chips and salsa. Not too many other places do that. My excitement went down the drain when the bean dip came. It was greasy and resembled chili. The taste was not what I had expected. Needless to say, I didn't like it much. If you want great bean dip, go to Serranos! Theirs is amazing. However, the mild salsa was pretty good. For my meal, I decided to order the pork enchilada with ranchera sauce (the waiter said the ranchera sauce was great) with a pork tamale and rice and beans. The enchilada was ok but didnt have enough ranchero sauce. I like my mexican food to be smothered in sauce. GO BIG OR GO HOME! The tamale was nothing memorable. What also bothered me is the beans that were on the plate were exactly the same beans as the bean dip that I disliked. WTF? There is a difference between regular good ole refried beans and bean dip!!! The worst part about my meal is that there was a hair on the plate! The husband ordered a chimichanga with shredded beef. He said it was decent but was not happy with the tiny amount of sour cream and guac they gave him. They also pretty much piled lettuce on the plate. I understand most mexican places use lettuce as a garnish but this one had way too much. It looked like a salad topped with a chimichanga. To end our meal, the waiter brought us 2 complementary fruititas which were wonton wrappers filled with a mixture of fruit, deep fried and topped with sugar and cinnamon and accompanied by whipped cream to dip. These were the best part of the meal I would say. They were amazing. If I had to come back, I would just order these and these only!!! 
So to wrap it up, El Palacio was ok, not good, not bad. The service was fine and the prices were decent. My issue is that there are sooo many other mexican places in the area that are great in my opinion. Therefore, I dont think I would return here unless someone else wanted to try it. I will just stick to Serrano's, Abuelos, El Charro or even McCayos.