I get to visit Scottsdale once every 5 years or so on average.   And that is plenty for me but that's another story.   

Some of the locals were raving about this place.   They told us the food was top notch and you will never find anything better.   Throwing caution to the wind, we decided to try this place.   Boy were we surprised.   

You have to understand, this is a hole in the wall joint.   I usually like those places because they try harder to keep their customers coming back and the food is not pre-made.   

I should have known things were going to be bad when we got into the restaurant and met the hostess.   She is a dwarf, or midget or what ever the difference is, I don't know.   Let's just use the PC term and say "Little Person".    Well, we were not greeted by a smile, but just a look that said "What the hell are you staring at?"  Ok, I am not a jerk nor am I trying to be, I just made eye contact with her and told her to get us a table for 2.   This gal puts us in the enclosed patio which, while air conditioned, is where they seated two families with unruly kids between 3 and 8 years old.   (Watch for my upcoming review of Scottsdale later.)   

Ok, so this hostess brings silverware, chips and menus at different times.  Each time she stopped by, we made eye contact, smiled and said thanks.   Still, we got the glare of death from this woman.   Ok, whatever, we tried to be nice.   So after that, any time she brought something over we barely even acknowledged her.  That seemed to work out the best.   The waitress was a little better, although she had a hard time talking over the little monsters in the room with us.   I found out if you want to drink your beer out of a glass rather than a can or bottle, you have to ASK for a glass.   Ok. Fine, I can adapt to that as well. By this time, I am thinking the food better be freakin' awesome.   

Well, dear reader, you have seen the rating I gave it so you can figure it out for yourself.   My dining companion had a chicken mole dish and I had a beef chimichanga.    The mole sauce was way too smoky.   It didn't have any of the rich, smooth or savory flavors it's supposed to have.   It's almost like we were eating something that had been smoked over a hickory pit for a month.   Surprisingly, the chimmy wasn't bad at all.   The shredded beef was cooked and seasoned just right.   So, I have to give them high marks for that.   The standard rice and beans sides were very forgettable.   Hopefully you are not too hungry when you go there as the serving sizes are not that generous.   

Will I go back?   No.   I will try most everywhere else in Scottsdale before returning there.