I really wanted this place to be amazing and was very excited to take my girlfriend here. I've seen Green Dacha online before but when i stumbled upon a Groupon for this place, i didn't hesitate. 
When we showed up the inside was absolutely empty with loud music and reeked of hookah smoke so we asked to sit outside. We were seated next to a group of Russian speaking people that as a typical eastern europeans are, were very loud and obnoxious. But thats fine, I am from Ukraine it I'm used to that type of behavior. But this was just bottom like offensive. These guys were on the porch, in front of us, behind us and literally stood right above our heads. They were talking and yelling so loud that i couldn't hear what my girlfriend was saying. All were chain smoking in our face. Some of them were drunk. And the curs words they were using i haven't heard in the past 11 years since i left Ukraine. Anyways that was only the beginning. Because of all this happening around us and now they were trying to engage in a conversation with us we decided to eat and get out as soon as possible. 
I asked our server for two waters. She came back with water and lemonade. I asked her to switch the lemonade for water. She came back with another lemonade. I asked the second time to switch it for water. Guess what?! She cam back with LEMONADE the third time. At that point i thought maybe she doesn't speak english so i said in Russian "Do you guys not have water, why you keep bringing back lemonade"?! To which she answered "NO we don't" then laughed and ran away. At that point i was sitting with my eyes wide open thinking WTF did just happened. 
Trying to get out of there i just order one of the most expensive things on the menu which is shrimp just to get our Groupon money worth it and my girlfriend got chicken with potatoes. They bring out 7 shrimp. I repeat 7 medium size shrimp in cold sauce for $20! no rice. no salad. just shrimp. Thats it. Ive never paid that much for so little. 
This place really needs someone to watch over it and make sure things don't get out of hand like it did that nigh. I feel like it just needs someone in charge. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because my girlfriends chicken and potatoes was pretty good which we both ended up eating.