There's excellent value here at Fiesta Burrito, but unfortunately in this humble Yelper's opinion that value comes at the expense of quality. I've found some excellent fast Mexican across the country, but Fiesta Burrito comes in a bit below average, which was disappointing considering the reviews. 

Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?

There's nothing fancy at Fiesta Burrito, but one thing that there is is speed. Cash or card doesn't matter, and almost irrespective of what you order you'll have it hot and ready often under five minutes. That's impressive and certainly star-worthy. Star Granted. 

Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?

Herein lies the goods folks. While I didn't take a picture, I opted for a steak and egg breakfast burrito, and cocked an eyebrow when I saw that it only cost $4.50. How big could this thing honestly be at a price point of only $4.50? Well folks, it turns out that it can be pretty damn big. I didn't take a picture, but imagine essentially a fully loaded Chipotle burrito. That's value. Star Granted. 

Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?

Unfortunately, value doesn't always arrive hand in hand with quality, and that was very much the case here. 

One thing I will say is that the tortilla was fantastic. I'm not sure if it was freshly made, but it tasted as though it was with a buttery flavor and grilled texture. However, the goods essentially stopped there. The eggs were bland, the cheese basic, and the steak questionable. To top it all off, for whatever reason this burrito had what must have been a full cup of grease coming out of it. Not good. 

Sure, there was some decent (but runny) green salsa verde that improved things a little bit, but outside of the tortilla there was virtually no flavor here (salt? pepper? anyone?), which was really disappointing. No Stars Granted. 

Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?

It would appear that Fiesta Burrito has a loyal local following here in the valley, which I always like; but the experience left much to be desired for this out of towner. No Star Granted.