We went to La Ristra on a Sunday evening to celebrate my parent's birthday's.  We were pretty disappointed overall.  

We decided to try this place out based on the recommendation of a co-worker.  He actually lives close to the owner and the reviews on Yelp have been fairly positive so we thought it wouldn't be a very risky proposition.

The restaurant was fairly empty but because our party was so "large" (we had six people) we had to sit in the dark, completely empty banquet room next to the table with dirty dishes stacked up.  I'm not sure why we had to do this; we could very easily have pushed two tables together in the main dining room since it wasn't particularly busy.

The service was just okay.  Our waiter wasn't particularly friendly but he did go out of his way to explain the menu.  He was awkward and was unintentionally intrusive  (he interrupted more than conversation without the traditional "excuse me".)  He did forget some sides of guacamole and sour cream that were ordered.  We didn't really have an issue for that but didn't want to get billed for them, which we reminded him about.  Even then, he still only removed one of the two items from the bill.

The food itself was pretty disappointing.  I had the blue corn enchiladas with rice and pinto beans.  It seemed to me that my food had been maybe sitting under a heat lamp for a while as the rice was crunchy and dried out on the top and the refried beans had that same quality.  The enchiladas were a bit lacking in flavor.  My wife had the green chili stew which she was a bit disappointed with as it also suffered from a lack of flavor.  The only person who seemed to enjoy their meal was my mother who had a green chili cheeseburger.  She said it was fine.

They did give the table some free sopapillas to celebrate my parents birthday's.  It was appreciated, but at that point we just wanted to leave.

I really wanted to like this place but I found the menu lacking and the service disappointing.  I've seen the other positive reviews and I'm thinking that maybe Sunday night isn't the best time to go there.  Regardless, with how disappointed I was, I most certainly couldn't recommend this restaurant and will certainly never return with so many other superior options available in the area.