I've passed by this place quite a few times, but finally decided to dine in today. The service was very attentive, but I felt like they didn't go beyond what they teach you in table-waiting 101. Our server asked if we were ready for drinks, entrees, then desserts and let us know her personal favorites for each course, but didn't actually describe any of them. I honestly didn't have any problems with the service though, it's the food/prices that leave me less than satisfied. 

Guacamole ($15): Although it was pretty pricey, it was probably my favorite dish of the night. There were a lot of large chunks of avocado, which is something I could never complain about and it was very fresh and flavorful. The only thing that I didn't like was that the waitress asked if we were done with it once the chips ran out, even though we still had about a third of it left. It was just kind of annoying that she was trying to take the plate away, rather than offering us more chips.

Large pot of Jasmine Downy Pearls ($8.88) - Very aromatic and tasty. I would probably come here just for the tea.  

Chips and salsa ($4): I hardly touched the salsa, but I ate all the nice and crisp chips with the guacamole. Definitely worth the four bucks.

Pescado Frito ($6.50): Not very flavorful and not very "fried." If I'm going to pay $6.50 for ONE taco, I expect it to be pretty damn good. 

Dancing Eggplant ($9.88) - The waitress seemed a little reluctant when we ordered this. She made sure to warn us there were bonito flakes on it and the eggplant was boiled. I had the feeling she didn't like that at all. We thought it was just okay.

Traditional Sui Mai ($13.88): I really loved the crisp water chestnuts they added in the Sui Mai. The edible gold flakes on each piece also gave it a unique presentation. 

Don't Be Jealous (Hot and Sour Soup) $8.88: This was the most disgusting Hot and Sour soup I have every had. It seriously ruined my palette. The whole bowl of soup just reeked and tasted like hot red wine. I have NEVER tasted Hot and Sour soup like that before. I couldn't take more than two bites of it without feeling sick because of the strong wine flavor it had. Don doesn't even like Hot and Sour soup, but he could still taste how much worse it was than others. 

Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich ($8.88): Way too salty and saucy. And for a whopping $8.88, this was definitely not worth it. 

Jericalla ($11) - Have you ever had Abuelita Hot Chocolate? It comes in a package like this: http://beautifulspitup.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/abuelita-mexican-hot-chocolate1.jpg containing tablets of compressed cocoa, sugar, and cinnamon: http://beautifulspitup.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/cut-abuelita.jpg. Well, the small amount of custard on the bottom of the cup was covered in what seemed to be ground up tablets of Abuelita Hot Chocolate: http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/V1zh1nc2VASkoNUsyJS5JA/l.jpg and no, that was not a good thing. I felt like ai was just munching on hot chocolate powder. I mean, the custard and sorbet alone were good, but I couldn't eat those without eating all the powder. Plain and simple, it sucked. 

Overall, I loved the presentation of all the dishes, however the flavors just didn't match. The Hot and Sour soup really killed it for me. The only thing I think was worth coming here for was probably the tea, but that's still not something I would drive over here for.

Warning: If you look at your bank statement a day or two after coming here and the amount charged is a lot higher than what you actually paid, it's because they like to "pre-authorize" themselves for a 30% tip, but it goes down to whatever you actually paid them when the transaction clears. Why anyone would give this place a 30% tip is beyond me...