This is a review of the Happy Hour.

The Skinny: underseasoned and underwhelmed. Although they give you big portions, in this case, it isn't a good thing (2), service - stinks worse than the food (0) value: edible food but nothing spectacular, shoddy service makes this place a (2).

We came here to try their happy hour because we were enticed by their rather extensive half priced bar menu.

Normally when it comes to happy hours, we make it a point to sit at the bar because the bartender is right there offering you service. At this joint, the bartenders couldn't give a s&*t.

He barely acknowledged us as we sat down. After spending a good amount of time fetching 2 glasses of water (he was too busy flirting with 2 skanky looking chicks at the end of bar), he neglected to provide a menu. I had to sneak one away from our neighbour. 

By the time he returned, we barraged him with our menu selections because we didn't know when he'd come back from infinity and beyond. Then he asked us "are you sure you don't want a margarita?". 

Pet peeve rant. If I wanted a f&*king margarita I'd have ordered one. End of rant.

Realizing we weren't going to order booze, he pretty much ignored us. We had to ask for everything -- from more refills of water even when our empty glasses were in front of his face to f*&king cutlery. Don't even get me started on him lifting out heavy bins of dirty dishes and not washing his hands. Oh, and it took at least 10 minutes to find him to print out our check.

At one point, the bar was completely unmanned for at least 6 minutes. A bunch of servers were huddled around the drink order area, waiting for their drinks to be made. Yup, the bar area = major clusterf$&k. And lets face it... the restaurant was perhaps 25% capacity (maybe 40 customers) and that's being freaking generous.

The bartender actually had the gall to say just as he handed us our check which he finally got around to printing out. "Sorry about the poor service tonight. We just got slammed." By whom, I wonder, because the joint wasn't even hopping. 

In a way that was totally a dick move to try and garner sympathy. He knew that service was shoddy but didn't really acknowledge it until he realized that he was going to get a s*&tty tip. Sorry douche -- you still got a shitty tip anyway. He's lucky we left anything at all.

On to the food.We ordered the fish tacos (3 tacos, $13 regular price), the tacos al pastor ((3 tacos, $11 regular price), the steak flatbread (2 large portions, $11 regular price)  and the ahi tuna tacos (3 tacos, $9 regular price). Portion sizing in general for their bar menu is rather generous. However given the lower quality of their food, large amounts is not a boon at all.

We sampled their chips and salsa. Our server just plopped them on our table so I had no idea of what kind of salsa it was. The warm one is better than the cold one but neither one was truly worth mentioning. Their chips are on the thinner variety and needed some salt.

Ahi tuna tacos were pretty bad. The fish had a weird sweetness to it that was singularily unpleasant. Encased in a taco shell made soggy by the watery, flavourless, green slime masquerading as guacamole, I believe this was definitely the worst dish of the night.

The fish tacos had a very skimpy portion of fish in it. Or maybe because there are too many freaking slices of red raw onion to actually identify that there's some underseasoned fish hiding in there. Texturally uninteresting, it definitely needed more cabbage to add some crunch. It was just terribly bland and not very interesting dish.

Tacos al pastor are not legit. It looks like chunky, stewed upchuck instead of the roasted pork on a spit. If that wasn't bad enough, the pork was as desperately flavourless as the fish tacos. Mixing in the grilled pineapple wasn't going to save it. It was pretty mediocre.

The flatbread de bistek was the only thing that was truly palatable that night. The steak actually was seasoned and the flatbread was crisp - almost like a thicker cracker. It definitely wasn't anything astounding but at least it was okay. But as finger food, it's really messy to eat without a knife and fork. 

Overall, given the s*(tty service and the "okay to the-verge-of-nasty" food, I have no inclination to return. I was seriously debating about given this place a 1 star review. However the food was bad but wasn't completely inedible. For that, this joint squeeks by with a 2 starred review.