I think I've had my last mediocre experience with Macayo's to last me and justify finding a new restaurant.

A friend and I went to this location for dinner recently.  We were seated in the normal dining room section...and then left for ten minutes.  Well, during that time we perused the menu and picked out exactly what we wanted.  When the waitress finally approached our table, she took our drink orders and then left before we could give her our appetizer or entre order.  She came back fairly quickly with our drinks, took our appetizer order and then left again.

As we were waiting for our appetizer order (a cup of queso dip) I heard her approach the recently seated people behind me and ask them for their drink order.  The woman had indicated that they were ready to order their food also, so she prepared to take their order.  These are people that were seated after us.  At this point, I heard the party behind us inquire about the queso dip and the waitress responded, "These girls over here just ordered queso, so when it's done, I'll bring it by your table first so you can see what it looks like."  Really?  I've already waited long enough and I'm pretty hungry, but I have to wait longer for you to bring an item I'm paying for to another table for a display reason?

She finally came back to get our actual orders and I requsted a grilled chicken quesadilla with no peppers or onions, just chicken and cheese.  The waitress asked me..."so, you don't want the chicken we normally prepare with the onions and peppers?"  No, I just said that I didn't want that.  When our food came out, my plate only had the quesadilla, no sour cream, no quacamole...nothing.  I stopped her and asked if she could bring me a side of sour cream and she says..."I thought when you said no garnishes that you meant everything."  Ok, first off, I never said "no garnishes."  I said that I didn't want onions or peppers IN my food.  She also failed to honor my friend's request that they prepare her enchilada with extra sauce.

I think I'm just sick of getting ready to go out and paying for the experience, just for it to be so mediocre.  I know how to make a quesadilla and how to make an enchilada, next time I'll just stay home and do it all myself.