So now that I am the second one to review the Cinco De Mayo Massacre I will sail away in the boat of Asshole with Matthew C. I understand Cinco De Mayo is like a national holiday for drinking and eating lard filled Mexican food but holy frijoles this place was ridiculous.  As far as I know one of our fearless leaders called and made prior arrangements for seating for our group. Well, by the looks of it, they reserved the waiting area for us and forgot that we wanted to eat.  

My night started off crappy after standing at the bar trying to get the attention of the ladies working the bar for about 20 minutes before leaving the bar empty handed and frustrated. We then finally got seated and the waiter asked us what we wanted to drink... We ordered  Margaritas in hope we would be put into a Tequila Coma and that was not the case.. It was like pounding a bottle of Margarita mix hold the tequila. 

Next Misti Y.  was awesome enough to hook the table up with the table side guac, and I happened to be sitting with a group of other "Hot and Spicy" fans so we asked for our bowl to be HOT.... I think they took the lead of the person making the margaritas and kept out the main ingredient. Jalapeno. 

So by this point it was damn near Seis De Mayo and they took our order. We all put our orders in at the same time and i will say that all the food came out quickly... Well almost all the food... Matt C. was sitting to my right with nothing on the table in front of him. we all tried to get the attention of the waiters and when they finally listened to us, we said," he did not get his food" the waiter said okay let me go get it. About 10 minutes later we had to stop him again and this time he had to ask Matt what he had ordered and basically started this process all over again.. Horrible!!!!

Yes, I did open the door for them to earn another star back from us in which they did, but I am glad Matthew C. did not end up with a chipped tooth or something worse. 

I will not be back to this location... Esto era horrible y nunca voy a estar de vuelta