I really wanted to like this place. And it was not good at all. 

We stopped in on a Thursday night around 8:30. Salt of the Earth was too crowded, so we walked up the street to Verde. Since we anted to go here for a while but kept forgetting about it, we thought it kinda worked out that we could go there instead. 

The place was about 30% full. Most people were sitting outside and I think my 30% is pretty generous. We sat inside. Our waiter was very nice and welcoming. He read the specials. (there seemed to be more specials than food on the menu.) Also the descriptions of the food were so detailed that I really would have preferred if I could have read them myself. 

We ordered two tequila flights. For $6 each, it seemed like a bargain. Nothing was explained about what we would receive. He seemed to have read off brand names of tequila, but they could have been the names of mixed drinks. Regardless, a $6 tequila flight seemed like a good deal. 

For food we ordered the seviche special and the pork tacos ( also a special.) Someone promptly brought us water and chips and salsa. 

The chips and salsa were the first things to come out. Things were clearly not going to be good.... The salsa was green, like a tomatillo base? Maybe, but it was sweet... Didn't taste like much else. 

We waited a bit longer for our drinks and food. 

And a bit longer. 

The we got a fresh order of fish tacos with black beans and rice on the side. They looked great. I was hungry and I ate some of the beans and picked some veggies off the tacos. 

Then I remembered that we didn't order fish tacos. Fish gets fishy when fried or overcooked. The fish smell was a little too much. We eventually found our waiter and told him that we thought we had ordered the spicy pork tacos. He was like, "the pork tacos aren't spicy," and I was all "ummm.... Ok, but we didn't order fish tacos regardless." 

He took the tacos away. 

We waited some more. And ate sweet weird salsa. 

Then the ceviche came. The fish, which type I can't  recall now, was thick and fleshy and white. it should have been cut into smaller pieces. It was lemony and Limey. It needed salt and some other flavoring. It also didn't taste like fresh lemon or lime, but rather the bottled kind. 

The our tequila came. Either they were tiny mixed drinks with tequila or different kinds of tequila. One had tomato juice in it. They came with a paper label, but it didn't help. It told you about favors you might taste. Some tasted like straight warm tequila, while others tasted like mixed drinks. They were ok, but I still don't know what they are. I never saw the waiter again to ask. 

About 30 minutes later our pork tacos came. They were not good, the tortilla was good, as we're the pickled veggies on it. But the pork was big fat dry pieces that had been boiled. They were not tender. They should have been shredded with a lime squeezed on them. Big hard chunks of pork are not easy to eat in a soft taco shell. (The tacos came as a pair. They were large and served with a side of rice and beans. Also they were cheap... Like $10)

Ugh. Nothing was expensive (about $10 for entrees), but nothing was good enough to come back. Maybe the tequila?