After hearing great things about this place for several years my wife and I decided to try it for lunch.  First of all, it is much smaller than I had imagined.  As you enter there is a bar to the left with 5-6 stools and 3 booths.  To the right there are maybe 12-15 tables and a couple of booths and several high top tables in front of another bar.  It was too hot for us to consider eating outside but there looked to be maybe 8-10 tables on a patio.  The place is decorated in very kitschy Mexican, with lots of paintings of death masked people on the walls, etc.  The first thing we noticed was the enervating noise level.  It was so loud what with the music blaring, metal carts being rolled around, and other background noise we could barely hear each other across the table.  The acoustics are none existent.  The tables are right on top of one another, so there is no element of intimacy and you hear every word of what your dining neighbors are saying.  Unfortunately, we had a loud laughing guy right next to us who obnoxiously guffawed at everything his table mates said.  The extremely narrow tables are all set up so there is a chair on the outside and the inside seating is a continuous booth.  The tables are so close we had to slide ours to the side to let patrons at the adjoining table in and out and even then one old lady's big butt slammed into me so hard I thought she was falling on me.  Delightful way to start a meal.  The menu seemed interesting with a wide selection.  We passed on appetizers and my wife ordered the bacon wrapped hot dog while I ordered the Californian enchilada.  It is cheese filled for $10 but shrimp could be added for an extra $4.00.  I opted for the additional shrimp.  My mistake for not specifically asking how the shrimp was served.  When my plate arrived there were the three enchiladas with three small shrimp casually tossed on top of them.  Poor me, I had just assumed the shrimp would be placed INSIDE the enchiladas, chopped up and mixed with the cheese, as I've always had them before, not just adorning the top of the enchiladas.  $1.25 per shrimp seems a little pricey, even for Old Town Scottsdale.  Oh well, one is never too old to learn to ask specific questions.  The enchiladas were good, but nothing special; I'd rate them a 2 out of 5.  I've had much better at other Mexican restaurants.  My wife really liked her hot dog, which is a funny thing to have on a Mexican restaurant to begin with but she liked it.  As our meal was served I asked our waitress how much the chips and salsa cost, as we had not looked carefully at the appetizer section of the menu but had noticed the tables around as all had them.  She stated that there was no charge, but you had to ask for them to get them.  Oh, never had that happen before. Over all, I don't get the positive reviews and all the hype about this place.  This is obviously a trendy Scottsdale place du jour, but I wouldn't recommend you waste your time or money here.  BTW, service was good, water and tea glasses filled frequently and a nice waitress.  If you know anything about quality Mexican food there are dozens of better locations in and around Phoenix.  Don't jump on the bandwagon and go here.  I think its more for tourists who mostly experience Mexican food at Taco Bell.