Damn I hate to rate this place this low but they really dropped the ball last night.  I was able to get a last minute reservation at 8pm for our anniversary and that was more than gracious. Friends of mine have been talking about this place for years and I finally got the opportunity to try it out first hand. 

When we arrived there was complimentary valet which was awesome.  Never having been here before it took a little asking around to find the downstairs bar where we had our reservation.  The hostess was super nice and helpful and told us our table wasn't ready yet but that the bartenders would know we were waiting.  

The stairway down to the bar is fun,  yeah that sounds silly but it's cool. The downstairs bar ambience is sexy to say the least, including a fireplace:)  It's small yet welcoming and very warm.  We took a seat on the couch and one of the bartenders came by to get our drink order and informed us that he knew we were waiting for a table and that he would take care of us all night.  That he did. 

We were informed our table would be a little late because the people were still sitting around a bit. No worries, we were all about taking it slow and enjoying ourselves. Once we were sat, our server came by and gave us a very informed, detailed explaination of the specials,  and honestly EVERYTHING sounded amazing.  Granted we usually eat dinner around 7pm and at this point it was around 8:20 ish. We were hungry:)

Orders were placed and wine was enjoyed, and then we waited. A very long time.  Once our food finally came around I was pretty damn unhappy.  Our server himself told us that our ticket time was 50 minutes!  Apparently a 40 top came in and their food was a priority over the few smaller tables.  Almost an hour after ordering we finally got our food and I could definitely tell our food was an afterthought. It tasted good,  not amazing,  and was barely just warm enough.  Couldn't tell if it had been sitting around or was thrown together half assed. Our server did the best he could but not once did a manager come by to apologize for the food issue. 

They comp'ed us 2 drinks and gave us a free dessert. I dunno,  I just left with a bad taste in my mouth.  Definitely not an anniversary dinner I feel proud about bringing my husband to. That's frustrating. 

Like I said,  ambience/drinks and service were top notch. The kitchen and management really fell through on this tonight. First and probably the last time I'll come here.  

What a shame.