A long time ago, when I was in my twenties, and the Phoenix dining scene was barer than Lady Godiva, Carlos was a focal point for friends, co-workers and me. We'd get off our crappy little jobs, and gladly wait for a table to relish huge portions of "Mexican food" dripping with cheese.  This was the 80's and we thought it was pretty wonderful.  

A great deal has changed in twenty years. I've gotten older and crabbier. William Shatner is cool again. And the local restaurant scene has exploded with dazzling variety and quality.    

When I escorted my mom here on a recent rainy day, a rush of distant memories streamed back from young adulthood. Nothing had changed here in two decades. The restaurant interior looked exactly as I had remembered. Young diners off work, more absorbed in office politics than in their massive taco salads and chimichangas - just like we used to be.  And my food looked and tasted remarkably like it did eons ago. 

None of this, dear reader, is a good thing. 

Carlos O'Brien's, apparently stupified by its lucrative formula of white people phoning in bland Mexican food dripping with Monterey Jack, is stuck in a 1980's fern bar masking an even broader, unholier time warp.   The restaurant world has evolved, raised the bar, and it's abundantly clear nobody here gives a shit.  

To wit, I ordered fish tacos, which arrived, inexplicably, with no sauce or condiments of any kind. Just fish and dry cabbage in a tortilla?  To her credit, our waitress, who was perfectly pleasant, asked if I wanted any "sauce".  Um, yeah. This high maintenance fussbudget also likes milk on his cornflakes and syrup on his goddam waffles; please go to the trouble of fetching me this delightful "sauce" of yours.  
 
Well it would be, if it resembled any fish taco sauce I've encountered since the Carter administration. Instead, our server cheerfully lugs back a ramekin brimming with industrial strength tarter sauce which, on this drizzly day, could have doubled as roof patch. 

I know what you're thinking. New waitress. I'm overreacting. Please bear with me. First,  she's not a new waitress. I overheard her gabbing with another table (friends of hers, I guess) about serving them on previous visits, so she's not new. This isnt about the waitress. 

Second, I've never been served a dry fish taco in my life. No slaw dressing, not even a lime. Isnt this rather standard  preparation the kitchen's responsibility? 

Third, this is one of the half dozen lunch combos CB's been slinging in their sleep every weekday for thirty years. Could've been an oversight, but there's no misunderstanding about some off the wall request. 

Fourth, why would our waitress immediately ask if I wanted "sauce" unless she customarily served it  knowing the kitchen puts no sauce on the tacos? This isnt an oversight, it's business as usual.  

I want to re-emphasize that our waitress was not difficult at all. I'm not panning Carlos because of any personality clash. I'm panning Carlos because they're so out of touch with diners' basic expectations  in 2008. I'm panning them because, on a corporate or management level (not a waitress or cook level), they dont give a crap about what comes out of their kitchen.  

There was a time when Carlos O'Brien's held Phoenix in the palm of their cheese encrusted hands, but this maturing culinary burg has passed them by.