I don't know. Years ago I noticed that Cabo Wabo has a lighthouse as part of the exterior decorations. Back when I was single I actually owned and decorated my apartment with nick-nacks of lighthouses. I am married now, with kids, and yes a resident of Las Vegas. Lighthouses, actual and my have become extinct.

Here Cabo Wabo, the food was good. For an appetizer we ordered some good old fashioned chips and salsa, which were fine, although a few of our chips were stale. I ate fajitas (steak and chicken combo) and they were fine. The tortillas, three of them, were served wrapped in paper. two of the three tortillas needed to be peeled apart. I don't know, that just didn't seem right to me. My wife ordered a burrito and says it tasted fine. 

She also ordered a side of guacamole which cost $9.00. I ordered some french fries which cost $5.00. Seems to me these two side orders should have cost the same. I don't know, maybe that's just me. 

Seating, I don't know, I like having some elbowroom myself. But it's non-existant here. Tables are very close together. I noticed severs having to "squeeze it in" more than once while walking between tables. If there were an emergency situation. Or something loud like a car backfiring near-by, this crowded patio could become a problem.

When we arrived at Cabo Wabo we were inside The Miracle Mile shops. So we stopped at the host stand inside. We were told to go outside to the outside host stand. Now, I don't know, maybe it's just me, but if I were the host I would have said something to the effect of "We have a host stand just outside as well, follow me, let me take you there." I don't know just sounds a little more professional to me.

As the wife and I were departing, we passed by the Lighthouse to go inside and return to the Miracle Mile Shops. My wife mentioned that the inside of the place was quite empty (it was about 1:00pm) and was surprised the hostess didn't just seat us or walk us through like earlier mentioned. I don't know. I really want to like Cabo Wabo. My wife really enjoyed the experience. I'll wait to read her review and maybe rethink the whole persoal experience.