Honest review of the food. BEWARE! 
Fellow yelpers you really let me down. I have to assume that the ratings for this place are based on the drinks or pure bribery. I was in AZ so I thought it fitting to have Mexican food. This place had some of the best reviews as far as Mexican places went on yelp and I decided to check it out.

The waitress was very pleasant. and the place was pretty much empty. I showed up around 8:30PM on a Sunday in November.

ATMOSPHERE
I give them kudos for the excellent music. A mix of current tunes and some 90s favorites. They also have some great TVs. Temperature wise, even with the door open, it was a tad chilly and I wore my coat. Be it known I mentioned to the hostess when I walked in it was chilly, and after no change, I let her know I was going to get my coat, which also led to no change in the temperature. Glad I had brought it. 

FOOD
It started out well. I had the chips and salsa (you get green and red) I am a sucker for green salsa, and this did not disappoint. You do need to ask for the chips and salsa if you want them. I'm not the first yelper to mention this. Would be good it the management got the hint and reminded their servers to offer it. I put a little of the red salsa (which is Hot) in with the green to give it a little more zing. The chips were excellent.

Since the Tacos seemed to be all the rave on yelp (maybe because they are $1 on Tuesdays) I got the platter of 2 which comes with rice and beans. Here is what I thought:
-Rice - bland, (ok, i know its rice, it wasn't bad rice, just not knocking my socks off. I liked that it was soft and not dry.)
-Refried beans- also pretty unexciting, but since they were the most edible thing on my plate much of it was eaten
TACOS Part One
-Grilled Ono Taco - this fish taco was very dry. even adding salsa/chalula couldn't save it.  I think this taco, with the fish cooked properly could be good.
-Carnitas  Taco - This shredded pork taco was insanely greasy and unexciting. One bite was all I could manage. The cilantro and onions were barely discernible accompaniments.

So the waitress comes over and asks how everything is. I take a deep breath and let her know about the tacos. She sweetly asks if she can get me anything else. Still feeling optimistic I go for 2 other tacos that she recommends which are popular ones during their happy hour. She walks away.

A gentleman comes out and explains they are going to make me some replacement tacos and apologizes. I'm not sure who he actually was. No introduction was made. I told him I was optimistic and would definitely give it another shot. Just in the name of full disclosure, the waitress knew I was a yelper. I mentioned it a few times and I was taking photos of all the food she brought out.

TACOS Part Deux
In general, so many toppings were piled onto these two replacement tacos I think the chef was honestly trying to mask the mediocrity of the meat. (cheese, lettuce, tomato, sour cream - Taco Bell special)
-Shredded Beef Taco -  beef still a little dry, which can be expected. Didn't taste the green chiles it was allegedly marinated in. Unexciting
-Tinga taco - this shredded chicken taco was ok. It was marinated in chipotle sauce but was definitely still lacking something.

I have to say there was not an onion in sight within this 2nd round of tacos. I wonder if that's what was missing from the flavor. Lack of seasoning. I can't imagine this is how Southwesterners like this food. 

Also, these two replacement tacos (which didn't come out with rice and beans because I said I did not require another serving) came out on a tiny plate. I need to mention that another Yelper has also complained that squeezing two tacos on a small plate is extremely unwieldy. I looked like a little kid spilling tomato and cheese all over the table. Chef - Please just plate the two tacos on a large plate.

I will probably go back one more time and try a few more just to make certain I didn't just have bad luck. It seems some of the other reviewers had tacos which I did not try. If my opinion does change I will make sure to update the review.

$12 with tax/tip. I had a water.