I wanted to like Round Corner Cantina. I really did. But I have to say, after my first visit here I'm not dying to come back.

Before you even enter this place you have to deal with something that isn't really their fault: parking. And navigating traffic. On Butler Street. Always a joy! Once I managed to deal with this step and actually entered Cantina I wasn't really encouraged; the music was playing too loudly for my taste in the front room and wasn't much better in their back room, which was so dark I had to wonder how people even read their menus if they sit there. 

Looking for somewhere a bit quieter and brighter, my dinner companion and I headed to their outdoor patio, where we found high tables and chairs that I honestly thought I'd fall off of at some point during the meal, they were so unsteady. Fortunately that never happened, because we were right next to a part of the fence where the beams were extremely splintered - just thinking about tipping into them was painful!

Unfortunately, the service did absolutely nothing to improve my opinion of the place; I watched three tables that arrived after us get service. No one ever came to our table. After we finally flagged a waitress attending to a group a couple tables over, she said she'd grab our waitress. And we waited some more. While we waited the waitress that we flagged down went ahead and brought us some water...that came in plastic cups. I shudder to imagine just how much trash this place discards every day from these cups alone...

After finally ordering and waiting for what at least wasn't an unreasonable amount of time, I was able to enjoy a pretty tasty drink that came in a jar (they have jars for alcohol but not for your water?) but was disappointed with my pork tacos. The shells were kind of mushy and the sauce and toppings minimal; mine just didn't taste all that special. My dinner companion's fish tacos were actually better; I kind of wish we'd swapped.

I left just feeling let down. I honestly would've been happy to forgive this place's rustic look and loud music if the service and food were a bit better, but as it is I just don't see anything here that I'd want to brave the dreaded Butler street traffic again for.