I have to say that this was one of the biggest disappointments I've had in a restaurant. I had seen Cabo on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and couldn't wait to try it. I do not live in Charlotte any longer but was in town to visit relatives for the holidays so this was kind of a destination. The NoDa section is very much out of the way but it is a neat area with what they have done with it. There were 3 of us eating so we had a chance to taste a few different things. First of all they were jam packed which was a good sign but resulted in terrible service. We sat for about 5 minutes before anyone said hello and finally Pete showed up. He was friendly enough and took our drink orders. I had an IPA on tap and another one of us had the Original Cabo Margarita. The beer was great but the margarita was the worst margarita ever served. We asked for the margarita to be served "up" (no ice) and what showed up was a glass full of tequila and triple sec, no mixer what so ever. We asked Pete about this and he said he told the bartender that it was supposed to be served straight up and he guessed the bartender took that to mean just the liquor. Anyway Pete took it back and had them add the mixer and it really wasn't any better. As far as lunch was concerned, I ordered a bowl of seafood chowder and the blackened Mahi Mahi tacos with a side of black beans and rice. My wife ordered the battered white fish tacos with a fruit side and my brother ordered the battered white fish tacos with a side of mashers (mashed potatoes). A few minutes later our lunch was served. They forgot to bring my seafood chowder and instead of bringing me black beans and rice they served me mashers ( I didn't bother to say anything). My tacos were okay. The tortillas that they were served on were very good, the accouterments served on the taco were bland and virtually tasteless and the mashers were okay. I told them to just forget the seafood chowder. I also had one of the battered white fish tacos and they were tasteless as well. The fruit side was good. Our billed was $47.80 + gratuity which would have been fine if the food had been decent. Overall I would not recommend this restaurant and I definitely will not return. Charlotte has way too many good places to eat without wasting time and money here.