J says - "Save your money and go to SomeBurros down the street" 
L says - "Skip this one and go to the next Mexican restaurant on your list" 

Due to its glowing reviews on Yelp, we were excited to try La Hacienda. It is located at the Fairmont Princess and with a past outstanding dining experience at Bourbon Steak, we wanted to give this a shot. Unfortunately, we arrived at the Fairmont Princess excited but left disappointed. 

First Impression/Ambiance - Nice decor and very South West.  The plate settings were very nice and we liked the Desert Landscape Centerpiece. 

Food 
First, we were told that the Kitchen was not able to make Vegetarian Tacos. Even though, there were Tacos and a Grilled Vegetable Plate on the menu.  
CHIPS AND SALSA - Complimentary and the best part of our meal. Chips tasted very fresh and flavorful. The salsa was very smooth and had many bold flavors.  
VEGETABLE FAJITAS - It arrived in a tiny skillet on a plate with rice, guacamole, and a little extra salsa. Flour tortillas arrived but looked translucent. They seem to be made fresh but oily and under cooked. 
HALIBUT PLATE - The Halibut plate looked delicious. L was ready to go to town but was immediately disappointed on the first bite. The vegetable quinoa was good but the halibut was over cooked and dry. Even with the chimichurri sauce, L said the plate was just ok and tasted very bland.
 
Service - The hostess was very friendly but we found it interesting how she initially sat us in a dark corner of the restaurant, when we were the only diners at the time.  We asked to be seated by the window with much more adequate lighting and the hostess paused as if it would be a problem. On a good note, our waters were filled to the top consistently and our plates were cleared swiftly when we were done. However, when we did ask the busser/food runner if the Tortillas normally looked like this, she replied "I will ask the Chef". We waited, skipped dessert, paid our dinner bill, and left without knowing. 

For an expensive menu and a restaurant at the Fairmont Princess, this was overall a sad disappointment. We are surprised that so many diners have enjoyed their experiences here.