Writing this actually makes me sad.  I would actually like to rate it a 2.5 but I'm being kind and rounding up because I am hugely appreciative of what they have done with the building.  That being said when architecture is the 1st thing that comes to mind when talking about a restaurant, there is probably some room for improvement.

The usage of the space is remarkable. It's a very trendy looking place with warm tones and despite it being one large open room, they were able to pull off at least the appearance of intimacy. But that's where the warmth stops.  The deafening mix of customer driven music selection is way too loud. It is almost impossible to hear anyone even at a small four top without leaning in and utilizing your best lip reading skills.  And if the owners could limit the techno trance options to maybe 1/3 of the options, I would gladly toss in another half star.  The bar is spectacular however, so if you just want someplace to just soak in the atmosphere, park yourself under the magnificent chandelier and drink it in.

The menu is less than user friendly.  Everything listed is ala carte, however there seem to be combos available which only appear to be available to people on the inner circle.  We even asked if there was a possibility of getting a quesadilla (since tortillas and cheese are key components of several items) and were told that if it's not listed on the menu, it is not available.

The prices are way out of line with other similar venues.  The tacos are $4 per and they are the smallest street tacos I have seen in a very long time. They are not bad. They are just four bites and that is way too steep.  The burros are reasonably priced for what you get, so go with one of those if you don't eat like America's Next Top Model. The salsas (both fresh and bottled) are good but the chips come straight out of a bag and that irritates me. If you are going to sell yourself as a gastropub, you need to be able to carry off the "gastro" portion of the title. Everything else seems fresh, why would you chintz on the chips?!!  And the $8 guacamole? It's ok but no more. Yes it's fresh and clearly made on site but it is not worth even half that. I love that you can select chunky or smooth but that is where the love story ends.

Service is my final pick point. Our order taker was very friendly, but the four other people that sporadically delivered food left a lot to be desired.  There was a five minute lag between the first taco hitting our table and the last burro... unacceptable; and then we had to ask for the guacamole that was delivered and then were told they had given it to another table by mistake. They took that off the check but it just added to the already uneven service.

So I will probably give it another try after they have had some time to work the kinks out.  And I truly hope they do. Like I said, I'm unbelievably happy they have saved the building and I like what they have done with it for the most part. Now if they could just bring the food up to level of the space and work on the service it would be great place to hang out.