My daughter and I were super excited to see a new business move into the building at Dana Park Plaza and after researching the menu online, we decided to stop in for Happy Hour to check it out.

We visited on 12/13/12 and were seated very quickly as the place was very quiet and 4-5 employees were hanging out at the front desk.  The waitress took a few minutes to stop by and take our orders but was friendly.  I was disappointed that the web site shows guacamole in 2 sizes yet the menu only has one price but I figured it was worth a try since it was an "upscaled" version with pumpkin seeds and such.  It took a few minutes for the drinks and guacamole to show up and my daughter asked for sugar for her tea,which never came.  We had to finally get up after 15 minutes and ask for sugar after trying really hard to make eye contact or call a server to to the table.  Also noted, guacamole had NO pumpkin seeds either!

We decided to order a chicken quesadilla which came out promptly but was not as we had hoped.  The chicken was very wet and mushy, I hate to say this, but it reminded me of cat food.  I would rather have something with some texture, maybe chunks of chicken or sliced strips?  The taste was not there, I would not order any other items after this one :(  My daughter drank her tea and then waited and waited for a refill which is not acceptable when eating spicy foods.  Again, we had to flag down another staff member to fill her tea and at this point, we asked for a manager.  The manager came out after about 10 minutes?????  It was DEAD in the place and there were TWO managers on duty and it took that long???  He listened to my issues and he took the tea off the bill but I wasn't asking for anything at all, just to look into our issues.  I told him about the menu on the website and he said others had brought this issue up as well, but they have done nothing to correct it?? ODD!?

I would not recommend this establishment.  The margarita was good but other than that, it was no bueno!