Came here for dinner on a Friday night which was probably our first mistake since it was Friday night of March Madness.

Now... if you're looking for a loud, fun, entertaining time and you're staying at Mandalay Bay... this is a pretty good option.  

But if you are looking for good food, a nice relaxing meal with a bit of flair and creativity....  and great margaritas... go to Border Grill.  

This place is pricey and the food is just ok... and it's loud so if you want to have a conversation you'll be yelling most of the time.

The chips and salsa...  chips were a little stale... but the salsas were fresh.  Really like the creamy tomatillo salsa... it was tart but had a kick all while being creamy.  

We ordered the ceviche to start along with a pitcher of Pacifico and a blackberry muddled margarita.

The margarita was ok... I've had better so I only ordered 1... you could barely tell there were any blackberries in it.

The ceviche was small... had good heat and flavor... the odd thing was that it had cucumbers in it... good thing I like cucumbers.

The pozole... very tasty and hearty.... We all shared this... If (big IF) I go back... I'd order this and a beer.  It was comfort food in a bowl.  So Good.

Dinner... 
My girlfriend ordered an Arugula Chicken salad (she's on a diet so her splurge was cocktails)... but the Arugula turned out to be Spinach... not a big deal... but they should have told us of the menu / ingredient change.
My entrée was the Harache?  ... flat steak grilled with a chimichurri sauce on top of what was supposed to be a crispy tortilla... it was actually a soggy flatbread... I didn't eat the flatbread tortilla... but the steak and chimichurri was Great!
Hubby got the taco plate... wasn't anything special.
GF's hubby got the flautas... they were big but he said they were dry inside and only ate half.

For the 4 of us... 2 pitchers of beer, 1 margarita and 2 vodka cocktails... (plus the food mentioned above)... our total was $205 including tax and tip.  IMO... overpriced for what we got... Although, I'm pretty sure the bar tab was more than our food tab since drink pricing on Strip tends to be high... so... 

BTW.... did I mention the mariachi / roaming cover song band is loud and kinda obnoxious?  I found them annoying so this is one of the main reasons I won't go back.  But if you're drunk and looking to sing along off tune this would be a great place to hang.