If it wasn't for the food this place would only get 1 star....  Total Nightmare!

The Service was HORRIBLE! we came in for Dinner and I understand that it was late night, a little after Midnight, and there is only One Bartender, however, as sweet as she later became, she was a mess, 2 players in total at the bar, we walked in she was on her phone behind the cash register, we stood at the bar to ask for a menu and let her know we wanted a booth in the bar area as we did not want to sit up at the bar, she took more then a few minutes to greet us, finally we told her that we wanted to have a seat at the booth, she said okay, ill bring out some menus, 5 minutes went by so I went up to her at the bar where she was on her phone, and I asked for a draft the menu and a drink for my date, she handed me both I asked for an order of Chips and Salsa to start off with, and I went back to the booth so we could go over your menu. THE MENU HERE IS GREAT BTW. After 5 more minutes of waiting for her to take our order or bring out the chips and salsa, another lady who she had been talking to behind the bar brought out our chips and salsa and apologized for the service, and said ill tell her you are ready to order... this lady had to have been a guest as she was wearing a Putters Bar T-shirt... We were weirded out that someone other then an employee went back to get our Chips and Salsa... If it wasnt for us already being here so long and already ordering a drink We would have just left, I had to go back up to the bar to place my order...... 

 The cook was amazing, he brought out our food in a timely manner after I had gone up to order, he described to us what we had ordered and even asked if we needed anything else, any more chips and salsa and if everything looked good. He could barely speak english but he was not hard to understand and totally made a great representation.  

THE FOOD WAS EXCELLENT! The Shrimp Mexican Pizza, and the Ceviche were really really Good! I would recommend the food however I would have to mention the service....

I am not sure if I would come back, and Its a shame becuse the food was superb however the Service from Our bartender was just shitty. She was sweet towards the end and did check on us Once after our food had already came out, she said she was new to this location however I don't think that excuse had anything to do with her customer service I just wish she had a little better training in the Hospitality department especially with her being a graveyard bartender, thats the time a lot of service industry workers come have dinner and play the machines!