I frequented the downtown location for 2-3 years while I lived on the west side of town.  I never minded the drive downtown from out there because Cafe Rio was always worth it.

This location gets worse every single time I go.  They don't seem to wash the lettuce for their salads given the number of times I have gotten sick.  Not every time, but probably 3/5.  I don't get meat so it can't be that - has to be the lettuce.  100% of the time I have the center of the head of lettuce wind up in my salad.  That's right, 100% of the time.

Tonight was the final straw when I was explaining what I wanted on my salad and she proceeded to duplicate what I said onto my companion's salad.  That part wasn't so bad... it was that she threw a fit, told us it was our fault (read:  "You said...!"), and then proceeded to pick off the pico he didn't want with salad tongs rather than just starting him a fresh salad.

Also, the salads are served in a tortilla which is supposed to be warmed, with a smattering of cheese on top.  This location has taken to a) pre-warming the tortillas and then letting them sit until someone orders a salad - thus serving a rock-hard, cold tortilla with a salad in it.  Tonight, however, she wasn't even going to warm the tortilla at all - she just took it out of the pack and threw it in the pan.  When I asked her to warm it she didn't bother with the cheese.  I told her three times no beans yet she asked again, getting distracted in the middle by another re-do order a coworker brought back to her.

It's always really crowded, really noisy, full of HUGE parties, and honestly the food at this location has deteriorated beyond the point of it being salvageable by price.  The two of us eat at Chili's or Applebee's for about $25-$31 with regular drinks and a 20% tip.  Here we are at about the $21 range for getting our own food, our own drinks, and the lettuce innards.

I am going to try the new location by San Tan shopping center.  If that doesn't go well...  I'll probably skip Cafe Rio until I am back downtown for something.