Over the years I have past this place 1000's of times.  I finally had the opportunity to eat there yesterday and it was a big disappointment.

We arrived a little early and decided to have a Beer and much on some Chips & Salsa while waiting for a friend to arrive.  We also ordered a side of Guacamole to go with it.  The Chips & Salsa were ok and the Guacamole was ok.  The Chips didn't taste fresh and there was a bunch of mashed up small pieces at the bottom of the basket, which normally means we got an older batch and had the last basket before they prepared fresh chips.....Strike 1.

When my friend finally arrived, it took forever for the server to come by and take our order.  At first we didn't realize how long it was because we had a couple of Beers to hold us over, but after a while we began to notice that it was taking a long time.  I had to flag her down after waiting for 15 minutes.....Strike 2.

I ordered the Beef Fajitas & 1 of their Jalapeno & Cheese Tamales.  They are known for their Tamales, so I was excited to have an opportunity to try one.  The food came out pretty fast, but they didn't bring my Tamale and they didn't bring a friend's entree.  We waited for the food....they brought out my friend's entree, but forgot my Tamale.  I was too busy eating my Fajitas and didn't notice until I was 1/2 way through my food....I mentioned it to the waitress and she said she'd be right back with it.  Meanwhile, the Beef Fajitas were ok.....the flavor wasn't as robust as I would like them to be.....and the meat wasn't up to par.  It wasn't good quality steak in my opinion.

Everyone finished their food and the conversation was so good that I forgot about my Tamale until my friend brought it to my attention.....damn, by that point I didn't even want it.  So I mentioned it to the waitress.....she apologized, but it didn't seem sincere.

We had a couple more Beers after lunch and when they brought the check, I saw the freakin' Tamale on the bill!  What the hell?!  Strike 3!

At that point, I didn't care anymore and since the Tamale was only $3 I paid the damn bill and we left.

Overall, I was disappointed with the service and the food quality.

Will I return?  Not a chance.