OH, RICHARDSONS!!!  You broke my heart!  After 2 wonderful, memorable "home-run"  experiences in the past, I bring my family to share good times and brag on you...and YOU LET ME DOWN...BADLY!!  

Before arriving in Phoenix this weekend,   I learned though that the old Richardsons burned down but another "sister" restaurant "Rokerij" was serving the Richardsons menu.  I thought that's cool!

I am sorry to say that this time, it was a MAJOR FUMBLE.  I don't think a restaurant has ever disappointed me like Richardsons or Rokerij (or whatever they call themselves".  

I ordered one of their blackboard special entrees of the day:  Sea bass encrusted in pine-nuts.  The waitress told me I could have either mashed potatoe baked in a half of a jalapeno, or I could have plain mash potatoes.  I chose the plain mash potatoes since I cannot eat jalapeno.

My husband (who is trying to go vegan) ordered the calamari entree salad.  

My son ordered the pastole soup and a BBQ chicken pizza.

Past 2 experiences at Richardsons:  we were always served chips and salsa when we sat down.   This time:  no chips and salsa. 

So, we ordered some.  we didn't get it for 15 to 20 minutes.  (And they charged us.)

My son was served his Pastole soup at the same time as the pizza, not ahead of the pizza.  That was odd.  Then when he started eating the pizza, it was not the pizza he ordered.  It was a plain feta cheese pizza, not BBQ chicken.

My husband's salad tasted bitter...my husband said he thought the lettuce did not taste fresh.  

As for MY entree, it was served about 10 minutes AFTER my family received their food.  AWKWARD!!  My son and husband didn't feel comfortable eating their dinner when I sat there with nothing (except chips).  When my entree finally arrived, it had the wrong potato...the one I didn't order...the one with the jalapeno green pepper...not the plain mashed potato.  Also, the pine-nut encrusted sea bass didn't look like it had any pine-nuts.  I wouldn't have ever guessed that there was a shred of pine nut associated with that fish.  So, I inquired and was told that just because it said it was encrusted with pine nuts doesn't mean that it would be covered with pine-nuts...it was supposed to be a "dusting".  

It was clear by this time,. we were having major problems with our dining experience.  I thought, this can't be the same Richardsons I remembered from the past.  

The waitress was "busy" and my husband went in search of the manager at the front of the restaurant.  He was in the middle of explaining the problem to the manager when the phone rang...the manager told my husband he had to take the call and my husband was just left standing there.   (Oh, really??  You interrupt a customer standing in front of you telling you about a service issue to take a phone call?)  My husband is a good sport and he waited and then continued to expalin the problem.  

Some minutes later, the manager appeared at our table with the plain mashed potatoes.  As he served me the potatoes, he blurted out that "I wasn't really supposed to get a choice of potato in the first place, since I was ordering off the Richardsons menu".  (Recall the waitress gave me the option...I didn't ask for the option.  I didn't know what menu I was ordering off of...how am I supposed to know?) Is the manager actually telling  the customer that she shouldn't have gotten what they offered.  (OH REALLY??)  My husband explained then that the waitress had offered it.  Reply:  "She wasn't supposed to."  (OH, DEAR! WHAT'S A CUSTOMER SUPPOSED TO DO!)  

So, in summary:  most of what COULD  have gone wrong at Richardsons DID:
1)  Chips and salsa (I guess not offered to patrons complimentary anymore).   We requested them and were charged the $5...alright, I can pay for the chips.  It's just odd they don't offfer this anymore.  AND why did it take 20 minutes to get chips and salsa??
2)  My husband's salad did not taste fresh.  Poor guy...he had his hands full trying to voice his concern to the manager about my meal and my son's and his wasn't right either!
3)  My son's pizza:  they served him the wrong one.  Shouldn't the waitress be checking the order for accuracy before serving it??
4) My son's soup wasn't served before the pizza.  So he has pizza and soup served at the same time.  Maybe the waitress could have asked if he wanted the soup before or with the pizza.  We thought it would come before.  (ASSUME NOTHING AT THIS PLACE!)
5)  My mashed potato:  offered an option, served the option I didn't pick, then told by the manager that i shouldn't have had the option in the first place.  (JEESH!)

 By the way, the table next to us also had terrible service.  We overheard the waitress ask the patrons when they were asking for their check, "Did you ever get the beer you ordered?"  (DOESN'T SHE EVEN KNOW??)  

As stated before, I have experienced much better at Richardsons previously.  They should be embarrassed!!!!