This was was just ok. Not particularly great. I think Rubio's and Baja Fresh are way better thant his place and have much cheaper prices. BUT.. I had been stubborn to try this place many times b/c of the great music that I hear them playing at the location on the strip. However, on this day about 2 wks ago we were walking the miracle mile shops at hours when they shops were actually open! LOL. We alwys end up here to get a refill for my drink @ Fat Tuesdays when I feel like being a tourist. 

PHOTOS: You cant seem to go to a rest. on the strip w/out beign offered a photo. Well here they took a complimentry photo of us and then offered to sell us a larger one for amt. I think around $10 each. Um, no thanks. I'm @ La Salsa.. not Top of the World or the Paris restaurant.

APPETIZER: Well the chips and salsa is what we ordered. My bf jokingly said... we ordered "CHIPS and salsa...not broken pieces and salsa" Every chip was broken!! IT was like they gave us the crumbs at the bottom of the santitas bag that everyone throws away b/c its not worth trying to find one that you can actually use to pick up any salsa. And IF you do manage to get some you end up w/ it all over ur fingers. BLah!

ENTREE: I ordered the avocado chicken enchilada. which is new on the menu. it tasted ok.. but the chicken wasnt shredded like I thought it would be = and the avocado was basically whole. I asked the waiter if the guacamole had onions, he said yes. SO. I asked for it on the side. He brought it and to my surprise..delightfully, it had no onions! yay!!!! 
IT was delicious. way good. thats why they get 2 stars. no thanks to my uninformative waiter. and the dish said that it came with red or green chile sauce. I asked for red. My dish came with neither. VERY DRY.
So. the took my plate away and gave me a new one that had sauce. just enough to be painted on. well it was better than no sauce. 

We didnt order any drinks b/c at those prices and calories, didnt really feel like I needed any. that.. and we'd already shared a cookie @ toll house down the isle..and wow. .that was a million times better than this place! In fact that was the highlight of the day that afternoon... :) try the cookie!