Saturday / Sunday AYCE brunch

In true las vegas fashion, you get a flat rate to eat your heart out. 

For Strip food, main menu items seem reasonably priced and the brunch is cheap at $29.99. There are a few different flavors to choose from for the All-You-Can-Drink Bottomless mimosas. They're $5 per person; but on multiple occasions, the $5 was comped for me and my dining partner. Maybe its a local discount? 

At the beginning, you're served a plate of sliced fruit w/ a mango sauce and a plate of guava empanadas. Those empanadas are probably the best part of the menu! Not too sweet with the perfect crust and just a hint of cream cheese in the filling. After that I was a little under-enthused. The savory dishes start to taste the same after a while and the desserts are much too sweet. Their gimmick item is the Bacon Jalapeño PBJ. Peanut butter, jelly, egg, bacon, and a couple slices of mild jalapeno on a biscuit. Worth a try. It is AYCE after all. 

You would think a Top Chef Masters restaurant would be more impressive. And given that they've won Best Brunch awards from Seven, LVRJ, & LVW, I expected this place to knock my socks off! While I can't judge the main menu food, I can say the past two times I've done the brunch the food has been less than piping hot. I'm very particular about my food being served in a timely manner; not necessarily because I'm worried about F&B sanitation standards but rather I just enjoy eating scalding hot food. Most of the dishes are served with refried beans and some form of egg (poached, fried, or scrambled). When a restaurant uses so much of these filler ingredients, they have to keep in mind that one of the most common signs of a kitchen-to-table delay is congealed beans and cold yolks.
 
Despite the food being a little blah, the service is top-notch. Everyone is really friendly and my champagne flute was always filled to the brim. Border Grill is an impressive dining facility. It's huge and able to suit anyone's seating preferences. There's your usual indoor dining, the indoor atrium, and outdoor on the patio. On the patio, you can people-watch the fancy Mandalay pool. But you'll have to deal with insects, the weather, and the sights of all those people who shouldn't be wearing speedos. My area of choice is the atrium. The high-ceilings and natural light make your dining experience that much more pleasurable.