My local friend and I came here during restaurant week (last week). We each had the 3 course tasting menu, which by the way, is on the regular menu but is marked up $8 additional during restaurant week. They say it's because $4 goes to a children's charity, which is great, but what about the other $4?

I had the mushroom empanadas, the shrimp enchiladas in "lobster sauce", and the only dessert option which was some dark chocolate cookie sandwich (whoopie pie) and some cinnamon cream (?horchata). My friend had tuna tartare (more like a a hawaiian poke) and the steak. 

Food: Where do I begin? Oh I know...umm yes, the food was disgusting!! I'm sorry, I never like to say something like this, but both us felt the food was absolutely horrible. I even took home my leftovers and tried to eat them later, but I couldn't. I had to throw them away, and I don't usually throw food away. The flavors were completely off, did not compliment each other at all, and were very unbalanced. They have a sign outside saying this is the most authentic Mexican food. That could not be further from the truth. It seems as if the chef is trying very hard to create gourmet dishes, but ended up creating very very pretentious dishes that did not taste good at all. Whoever is in the kitchen does not appear to know how to work with ingredients and flavors. 

The Hawaiian-poke-style tuna tartare: very very strong flavor of dark sesame oil and soy sauce. Sesame oil is a strong flavor, and is supposed to be used lightly. The chef dumped it onto the tuna as a sauce. Same with the soy sauce.

Mushroom empanadas: The three small pieces were fried, but the crust was chewy and almost stale tasting, instead of crispy. The filling had almost no flavor. The sauce made of black beans, also had no flavor. 

The shrimp enchilladas: Very salty, but flavorless. The filling had a fishy taste, which I didn't expect for shrimp, but otherwise had no flavor. The tortillas had a soft, doughy texture that was more like cornbread. The sauce was a pretty shade of orange, but tasted like salty cream, no real flavor at all.

The dessert: This was absolutely the worst dish. Neither of us could eat it. The stuffed cake/cookie thing was stale and had a strange chewiness. It was a very very dark chocolate and had almost no sweetness at all. The cream filling was sort of hard, not creamy, and did not taste sweet or good. The accompanying cinnamon horchata was ok, but very strongly cinnamon-flavored, and nothing else, not sweet.

I cannot comment on the steak, because I don't eat beef.

Right after I left Vegas, I read an article about the chef/owner, Susan Feniger, in Westways magazine. The article presented her as doing innovative things with authentic Mexican food, which is something I would be interested in trying. I was very disappointed that I had such a poor experience. To be fair, the article was about the (original) Santa Monica location, which hopefully might be better, and I would be willing to give it a try.

Prices: Ridiculous! I know it's Mandalay Bay, and it's also a "gourmet" restaurant, but even so, the prices were way over the top. My plate of two enchilladas (with NO accompanying beans or rice or anything) would be $27 if a la carte. The cheapest entree was an a la carte chile relleno, which was $19. Our three-course menus are normally $42. However, the exact same menu was bumped up to $50 for restaurant week. When we asked why the price was elevated, we were told that $4 per person is donated to a children's charity during restaurant week. That does not account for an $8 price increase. 

Ambience: It's ok, like a typical four star Mexican restaurant. The patio seating overlooking the pool is nice. 

Service: This is the only reason I'm giving two stars instead of one. Our server, Kelly, was very friendly, accommodating, very attentive, and just overall amazing. She was very pushy in the beginning trying to make us order more items, but other than that, it was some of the best service I've had. 

PROS: Service, location in Mandalay Bay

CONS: FOOD (very poorly executed, bad taste); price

BOTTOM LINE: Something seems to be lost in translation between the chef owner who is in California, and the staff of this Vegas location. The food is horrible!