The courtyard patio is nice... They should stick with that and change everything else. 
I called to make a reservation that day for two and was told they weren't taking reservations because rain was in the forecast for that night. We arrived after about 5 minutes of rain to find that they had a party of 90 that was outside that they were trying to accommodate inside. The hostess was rude and said they were trying to figure out what to do with all the people outside that had to be brought inside due to the rain and it could be up to 2 hours until we're sat. Ok. A party of 90 would have been booked well in advance. They knew there was a chance of rain and may need to accommodate them inside prior to the rain falling, that's why they weren't taking reservations, right? We asked if we could eat at the bar and were told yes, only to go to the bar and be told "no because it suddenly got slammed in the bar." So we went back and put our name in because we saw plenty of dry tables throughout the dining areas and sat at the bar and had drinks. 
The bartender was friendly but we heard all the servers complaining and it was just a bad vibe all around. Thank god I was with good company here. I bought a 3 course meal for 2 on DealChicken that was going to expire and me lose my money or else we would have gone any place else. The margaritas were good. The appetizer, chorizo fundido, was good. We were done with those when it slowed down enough that the bartender said we could stay there and eat and our table was ready. We sat down at our table for a couple minutes without seeing a server and decided to go back to the bar to finish our food. The servers were confused about who was going to get our table, so it would have been a long time before we could have ordered our entrees if we didn't go back to the bar. My friend ordered tacos, which she had one and took the rest home since she was full on the appetizer and so much time passed between courses. I ordered the pollo margarita which was a little dry, but good. The potato thing was nasty. The chocolate cake we took to go and ate the next day was good. 
There's hundreds of restaurants in Old Town and this does not compete against any of them. If you want terrible food and service and a great patio, this is the place. If you go just a couple blocks northeast, you'll find great Mexican food, good service, and a great patio at a different restaurant. There's plenty of competition and this place must get by on a reputation from years ago, because it sucks now.