My friends arrived on a later flight and hadn't eaten their dinner yet, so this was the first restaurant we found here just by walking around the second floor of the Cosmo. The place looked interesting with it's very casual atmosphere, and so, although I was kind of skeptical about a place serving Chinese and Mexican food, we decided to keep an open mind as it looked pretty decent. But boy, was it a bad mistake coming here.

The hostess was nice enough to seat us right away even though the place looked relatively full. The server came over and welcomed us and asked us what we'd like to drink.....but I had a hard time understanding her as it sounded like she had laryngitis or something. Anyway, we decided to try a mix of dishes since the server recommended we perhaps try 2 Chinese dishes and 2 Mexican dishes just to mix it up. We  didn't want to order too much since it was pretty late so went ahead and ordered the Chips & Salsa, Beijing Glass noodles, Dancing Eggplant.....then we looked over at the next table and the dish they ordered looked interesting so we asked them how and what it was? ...it was the Gan Pung Ji Chicken and they told us it was very good! So ok, we went ahead and ordered it just to try something different.

Oh boy. The eggplant dish had a thick black sauce over it that totally overpowered the eggplant ....kind of tasted like and overly sweet Hoisin sauce, but whatever it was, we didn't like it at all. The eggplant itself was cooked ok, but would have been tasteless without something on it, but not that strong. Next, was the Beijing Glass noodles which is more like a small noodle salad where you have to mix all the ingredients together yourself. Something tasted off about these noodles, and again, we didn't like it at all. Next was the chicken dish. It's basically a fancied up lemon chicken type dish. sauce was starchy and way too sweet.

I think the best part of the dinner was the Chips and Salsa which tasted fresh...and together with our Coronas and red wine....somewhat made us forget about the Chinese food we had just ate. 

I can't say I will ever come back to this place as there are so many better places to eat in Vegas. And the prices of the dishes here are not cheap for what you get! Next time I think we'll stick to a real Chinese restaurant for real Chinese food.