We went on a Sunday for a late lunch.

No one greeted us as we walked in and we waited there for a few minutes, the bartender glancing over at us once but largely ignoring us the whole time. When the girl came out of the back, she said she was sorry and blamed the computers being down for her not being at the front. She then took us across the patio and into an uncomfortably cold room with a bunch of flies buzzing around. There was a strong smell of chemical cleaners. We were greeted by our server within a few minutes. He asked us for our drink orders (just sodas) and came back a few minutes later with those and our chips with salsa.

The chips were great; fresh. warm, and lightly salted. The salsas, though, tasted jarred and not fresh at all. They were okay; it would've been really easy to just chop up some fresh cilantro and mix it in to give it a brighter flavor. Tasted like Sam's Club salsa.

While ordering, my mom asked if they had any specials and our server paused, looked unsure, and just said "Uhhh no, I don't think so," and then asked what we wanted. After ordering, he came around to top off our drinks and chips somewhat often, but it took 35 minutes for us to get our food with almost nobody else eating at the restaurant.

When our food came, our plates were hot and there was a dried crust on top of my beans; a clear sign of sitting under a heat-lamp for 5 or 10 minutes. I ordered the "Street Tacos" with el pastor, carnitas, and swordfish. What little meat was actually on the plate was buried under a massive pile of cabbage, shredded cheese, and red onions. I literally couldn't tell which taco had which meat in it until I bit into it. With no sauce, all of the "fillers" on the tacos made for a very dry, veggie-heavy bite. Carnitas was nothing special; swordfish was decent, but had too much spice for the delicate flavor of the fish; el pastor just tasted like someone grilled pork with nothing on it but orange juice. Black beans were alright, but certainly not the best I'd ever had.

My girlfriend had the guacamole on her burrito and said it tasted bland and flat, as though it had been in a refrigerator for a few days. She also said the big chicken burrito she got was "average".

When our server came to clear our dishes, I had eaten one taco (the carnitas, out of hunger) and maybe a bite out of the others. He asked if I was finished, I said "Yes," and he just took it without asking if I enjoyed everything as there was still more than half of my food left. If he didn't care or even notice that I didn't eat a big part of my meal, I don't care to bring up the problem, especially when the rest of my experience was so mediocre.

Even while accounting for the computers being down, our server still took a long time to write out the bill and bring it to us. By that time, we were there for 75 minutes and wound up spending 90 there before leaving.

Each time the door opened up (they have two buildings and have to bring food out of one, through the patio area, and into the other), more flies flew in and they kept landing on all of our food and drinks.

The theme is really forced. The colors are obnoxiously bright and some of the decorations look like tacky garage-sale items. The music is really loud (where we were) and some of the songs were really annoying and repetitive.

They bring food out of the kitchen through a tiny hallway next to the bar, around a series of blind corners. This hallway is also where the restrooms are and my mom nearly knocked over a server carrying a huge tray of sizzling food, and she had to back out of the hallway before going into the restroom. The server then came right through the entrance part of the restaurant, forcing people just walking in to move out of the way.

Overall impressions:

Pros:

+ Food wasn't terrible
+ Server was polite
+ Menu offers a few more traditional Mexican items than your average Americanized Mexican restaurant

Cons:

- Food wasn't noteworthy; maybe a 5/10. What wasn't fresh was boring and what tasted fresh had flaws with flavor and ingredient balance.
- Server seemed unknowledgeable and was slow, even with almost no one else dining.
- Theme and music got annoying after awhile
- Flies buzzing in our faces

Lasting thought: Just another mediocre Americanized Mexican restaurant with more attention to theme and atmosphere than on food and service quality. Not sure on the night-life (the patio would probably be nice and they have a full-service bar), but this early-afternoon meal left me still searching for some classic juicy, tangy, fresh, crunchy, and creamy Mexican food. I could've gone to a hole-in-the-wall Mexican food place, spent 15 minutes, spent half the money, and had the same amount of food on a completely different quality level.

Recommendation: If you want to spend $13 for a plate of average food with average service surrounded by a very forced theme, go for it. If not, look for lunch and early dinner elsewhere. Probably won't come back.