The Skinny: supposedly healthy Mexican fusion with very little flavour (2) counter service is efficient but nothing special, where the hell is the salsa bar? (2) value: $6.50 for a huge tasteless plate of white rice and beans with little protein and veg? that's a little pricey (2).

We've been waiting forever for the Wahoos to open at the Boca location. However we spotted the large sign on the 215 stating that there was one just off Rainbow. Ecstatic, my hubby brought us in to taste their fusion healthy take on Mexican classics.

This particular restaurant is outfitted to serve as both a bar and a restaurant. If you are adverse to cigarette smoke, stay away from the booths closest to the bar area. Even though there is a wall separating the two areas, the smell of smoke does waft through the open door to the bar into the eating area. You have been warned!

Ordering is a breeze really. Pick your filling (Chicken, pork, shrimp, beef, fish, mushrooms, tofu, veggies) then decide whether your want it in a taco, enchilada or burrito style. If you don't feel like doing it Mexican style, you can also order in a bowl over rice. Or you can just get a salad, soup or your standard sides (quesadillas, chips and salsa, nachos, etc.) Combination plates come with rice and beans instead of your standard chips.

Well, feeling a little hungrier than usual, I opted for their standard combination plate ($6.50) - two carnitas tacos with white rice and black beans. The hubs tried two different styled fish tacos and tried their white beans instead.

I would like to say that the combination plates aren't that healthy. Even though they might be low in fat, you can't tell me a massive plate of white rice with very little vegetables (what was on top of the tacos) is healthy. Filling, yes. Healthy, not so much. It may be healthier if they offered a salad option instead of beans and rice.

Okay, enough of my rant on nutrition and on to the food.

I have to say for the above mentioned carnitas and fish tacos (grilled in two different styles) were rather lacking in flavour. I actually used the salt shaker on the table. Here's the thing - I never use salt at the table (you can ask my husband). The pico de gallo served on top of the tacos used rather mealy overripe tomatoes which lead to an unpleasant texture. As well, I don't think they really dried off the cabbage/lettuce very well because the tortillas were sopping wet.

The beans were okay but nothing spectacular. I think the white cajun beans had more seasoning and hence, tasted better than the black beans. The rice was standard issue, nothing that exciting.

I was also disappointed to the lack of a salsa bar. As a Mexican fusion place, you gotta at least have some sort of salsa and limes around. Nope. The closest thing was the stack of lemons for your iced tea by the soda fountain. Lame.

Overall, given the lackluster flavours, the soggy textures and the lack of a salsa bar, I feel no overwhelming urge to have a repeat experience. Although relatively inexpensive, the food just isn't that good and holds no value in my books. A 2 starred review.