shmoogled definitions of CULT on the Web:

+ followers of an exclusive system of religious beliefs and practices 

+ fad: an interest followed with exaggerated zeal; "he always follows the latest fads"; "it was all the rage that season" 

+ followers of an unorthodox, extremist, or false religion or sect who often live outside of conventional society under the direction of a charismatic leader 

+ a religion or sect that is generally considered to be unorthodox, extremist, or false; "it was a satanic cult" 

May I now introduce... the regular customers of Chino Bandido.

I am a HUGE fan of cheap-ass 'Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives' type of joints, too, but this place is so over-rated; I'm just sick of hearing about it.

Sure, there are some flavor combinations that you can get here that would be difficult to find elsewhere, but the slight novelty is not worth the trouble.

If the fairly average tasting food were good enough, I'd be able to overlook the location in a strip mall that has 'Future Home of North Phoenix's Crack Whore Day Labor Center' written all over it.

If the portions were large enough, I could overlook the ugly (and inconvenient to eat out of) pie-tin ToGo box that your food is served in, and the price that seems like a decent price only until you get your food.

If more of the barely cordial staff I encountered were like the minority smiley and friendly staff, I could over look the STUPID and arbitrary ordering system that one is expected to follow.  There wasn't really much help, as some described, and why should you need help ordering when you are just picking a meat-rice-format combination, anyway?!?!

Although there are a few dishes that are pretty tasty, there is nothing 'fusion' about the menu aside from the fact that you can have your Jamaican or Chinese entree rolled into a burrito or cooked into a quesadilla.  
~Big Whoop~
It's neither as much of a choice nor as satisfying as it seems like it should be.  
All of these supposed choice combinations and yet no Brown Rice.

The redeeming factor earning my second star was the friendly youngster washing tables, chatting up customers as they finished eating and he whisked away their garbage, offering to bring them an extra cookie for the road.

I also felt yucky about the whole inconsiderate, non-'PC' atmosphere surrounding the bandito panda and the 'takee-outee' part of the name, and I'm not a very PC person, in general.  They may as well have put up posters of rair-road and raundry workers in pointee hats with rong pointee mustaches saying 'ah-so, you want extra starch in your Revi's?' to a grizzly old Gold Rush 49'er.

Oh, and just go and look for yourself at their Health Inspection reports.

YEESH