This place use to be on our short list of regular places to visit. The shrimp tacos and mexi-slaw were worth waiting for.

I hadn't been in a few years until yesterday, when I decided I had been going without Cabo for long enough! 

It was quite chilly outside, so when the hostess sat us at a table directly in front of the door, I asked that we be moved into the "bar" room. She hesitated and said service would take a while if we moved, even though I could see several empty tables. We agreed to stay right in front of the door. It was cold. When other guests walked in they tended to leave the door open, and the hostess was rarely there to close it, so that wasn't very comfy.

The hostess never smiled, and often rolled her eyes at the backs of other guests, and once at a crying baby. That was a turn off. They couldn't see her, but we could. 

I got my usual shrimp tacos and slaw. The shells to the tacos had been very lightly fried, but were greasy and tasted of old oil. The slaw has changed. Not as much flavor and the spicy seeds they put on it were missing (that was the best part!)

My son got the $6.96 shrimp burrito from the kids menu. He got a side of Baja Rice. It would have been nice if the server had told us the burrito was already filled with Baja Rice, which was described as having chutney on it, but that must have been missing too. So the not-so-good rice and burrito were left with one bite out of each. 

My daughter got the lemon seared shrimp tacos. Basically bait shrimp with lemon seasoning on it. She asked for the fresh fruit option as a side, but they didn't have any, so she got the veggie medley, which I ate. She picked the shrimp out and ate them solo. 

My husband got swordfish tacos (maybe burritos?) and mexi-slaw. He LOVED the swordfish, but even as an avid slaw lover (and just all around food lover!), he left his slaw to the trash. 
 
On a side note, our server was nice. The vegetable medley was really tasty, and I wish I would have just gotten a huge bowl of that! 

Not sure we will be back, which makes me sad. This was my go-to recommendation for any new comers to Charlotte.