Where did they go wrong? Their quality has always been between a 3-5.  The 5 star experience make up for the "A-OK" experience.

Today was just a disaster and I'm very off put about coming back here for a while.

Here are a few suggestions that I hope they follow as I've been eating at this place for over a year now:

1. Learn to begin calling orders by number and not by what people ordered. It will help with the inevitable confusion that ensues when people order the same thing!

2. It may make sense for you to have more than one register to take orders!

3. When I give you my card to pay, please, please, PLEASE stop walking away with it.  Fraud is abundant and you force me to have to watch your every move to make sure you don't swipe my card again.

4. When I order "FOR HERE" DO NOT put it in to go because it's easier for you...  Believe it or not, when you order "FOR HERE" you get better quality tacos and a larger portion.

5. Be consistent in your assembly of tacos!  Usually we get lots of cheese and chicken in our chicken tacos.  Now we get mostly lettuce, a PINCH of cheese and a few slivers of chicken! WHY? WHY? WHY?

6. WASH YOUR HANDS if you handle money and then my food.

7. Put priority on handing the food to your customers, rather than taking in the orders (see #2 about getting another register). Nothing chaps my a$$ more than waiting another 10 mins because you let me stare at my tacos and let them get cold as you take peoples orders. PRIORITIZE!

Summary:
What happened to the A-Team here. I came here today (1/8/2014) and it was like the C-Team was working the place.  Usually the cooks are fast and efficient, it looked like they were half asleep this time.  The cashier was very inefficient and slow and did not put the food out when it was ready.  I was just watching my food get cold and the food pile up behind him.  Then the food came with hardly any chicken or cheese.  Seriously? These are chicken tacos!  Either the entire team needs more training or some energy drinks.  What happened to my A-Team?!?

I've been horribly disappointed with my most recent experience so I think I will have to put this Roberto's location on timeout for a while.  There are better places now than this place - like Baja Taco right down the street.