I had been to this place more than a few times and tried the chicken in just about every shape and form. I've had the Chicken Tacos, the Chicken Burrito, Chicken Fajitas and the Chicken Quesadilla. Someone on here calls it modern Mexican Food, I just call it fancy shmancy and artsy fartsy. No matter what I order it just tastes like it has too much pepper, a little sour and nothing like authentic mexican cuisine. First of all the Salsa sucks. It's just not good at all nor are the chips that go with it. I don't think many people are used to paying $4 or $5 for chips and salsa when they go to a Mexican place. I know I am not. In every other place on the planet It is free and usually arrives almost before you are handed your menus. Last time I went for lunch I tried the Tortilla soup. It had the consistency of a butternut squash soup with zero chicken inside. If I did not read it on the menu and was just handed a cup I would never have guessed what it was. Their Fajitas are painfully average, Not sure if you like paying over $10 for the equivalent of one thinly sliced half chicken breast and some fried peppers and onions. Just seem like less quality than I am used to recieving. The rice is mediocre and usually comes cold on the plate, the black beans have an over bearing peppery taste that I could definately do without. Their roasted red pepper sauce put overtop the Chimichange may be gourmet but it is too sour and tastes like stomach acid. Not really what I would call delicious or even a sought after flavor. I just never got this place. I think it is has more of a draw for people wanting to go drink in a trendy place that is popular with the 20 something dirty panty crowd. In my opinion if you want a good burrito and don't need to have a few drinks before eating it just walk into a Chipotle and pay your $6.50 and be on your way. Save yourself from overpriced food and over tipping the short stocky waitress with glasses, messy hair and no makeup on that seem to be in every Mad Mex. I think it must be a pre-requisite to working there.