If you're familiar with aviation, you'll be familiar with braking action. For this place I give a "poor" braking action report. I just got back from going here on a Saturday afternoon. The place was busy, but not overly so. We were asked if we'd like a seat next to the pond, and decided that a 4 year old would enjoy the view of the turtles wading gently in the pond, and the ducks doing anything possible to avoid the scorching sun committed to frying their little brains after prolonged exposure.

What was not anticipated, however, was the flys. Are you kidding me? I should not be sitting in a restaurant where I'm about to shell out $50 for lunch and have the pleasure of swatting flys while eating. Iraq? Sure. Afghanistan? Definitely. Mexico? Comes with the turf. North Scottsdale/Cave Creek/ Carefree? WTF.... over? 

Also not anticipated was the service. There seems to be a conflict between me and my mate on this one. She goes with "average", I go with "tardy". She's thinking I'm being "harsh". I'm  thinking I'm being fair. That said, I just think that the server was borderline lazy. Asked for the water carafe to be refilled, and someone else ended up bringing it sevvvvvveral minutes later, while the water station was literally across from our table. Asked for our salsa to be refilled, he looked at it, acknowledged and walked away. I made a "bet" that he would forget. I was not let down. Winner winner chicken dinner. But not quite the win I had in mind. This went on with bussing, refills, etc. He seemed just a bit "behind the situation", had poor SA, and was not interested in performing at a high level. 

The food was eh. Well. My food was eh. I got the enchilada plate, she ordered the pollo fundito. I liked the fundito. It is Ajo Al's Pollo Con Queso in disguise. It is good, but if faced with Al's or El Encanto, I'll go with Al's every time. The beans were a little heavy on the lard. Like I said, it was just sort of bland-ish all the way around. 

Understand, if I were going to Filiberto's, this would be more than adequate food. However, we paid $47 for lunch and dollar for dollar, it sucked.