Wow, this may be one of my first 2 star meals.  Probably because I was so pissed how terrible it was.

I get it.  Late at night, with a rowdy crowd, drinks, ladies and guys, who really cares about the food?  So that's why I'm giving it 2 stars instead of one.

The chips and salsa were ordered (it's not free) and it wasn't bad.  I liked the different salsas and the chips were fresh.  

I had steak tacos.  I'm not looking for the absolute in authenticity.  When I saw the tacos arrive at the table I was a little bummed about flour tortillas for tacos.  But I'm game to have some flour tacos once in a while.

It was your typical "gringo" taco.  Flour tortilla, iceberg lettuce, shredded cheddar, and meat.  The meat had a good flavor, but was extremely fatty.  There were pieces of fat that I was spitting out.  

For the record, I'm not a fat-o-phobe.  Give me pork bellies, pastrami, chinese spare ribs, beef short ribs, etc.  I don't run away and demand leanness.  The meat could have been easily trimmed.  The fat really did not have any place in these tacos.  

What bothered me the most (and I'm still thinking about it) was that the taco without the meat tasted a lot like Del Taco/Taco Bell.  I'm not dramatic in my reviews, and I don't pull the "this place tasted like fast food" card unless really deserving.  I would even go as far to say that it was borderline "grody".  And I haven't used that word since I was 7.

All in all, the ambiance and "potential" gave this place 2 stars.  The prices were outrageous for what I got, even despite this being Vegas.  

With that being said, management could maybe try a little harder to make the tacos a little more memorable.  Perhaps a more rustic or hand made tortilla (flour is still ok if you must) and perhaps a sprinkle of Cotija cheese.  Trim that fat off the meat and maybe add a nice thin slice of avocado inside the taco.  Maybe a little Guajillo chile or chipotle flavor would add to the flavor profile.  

Anyways, I see this place could be a lot of fun for drinks and having a good time, but I'll pass on the food unless it's for something that you absolutely can't mess up (I think), like a quesadilla.  But anything is possible.