We have eaten at Javier's 4 times and have loved the food and the Tamarind Margarita's which is why we chose to go back to Javier's in the Aria this past weekend while in Vegas.

We split the Cabo Azul which has been what we get each time we visit. This time when the dish arrived it was warm but not hot. I did not complain because I was hungry and it was not cold. My husband took the shrimp taco and I, the enchilada. 

The waitress came by asked how everything was, we responded fine. Then we tried to split the relleno pepper, it was a tough pepper and difficult to cut. It was not thoroughly cooked, it was not soft or grilled as the item normally is nor was their much sauce atop of the dish. We ate a little bit of the inside on  1/2 the pepper. Then I said to myself for $36 this should be better and this dish is a 1/3 of what was ordered. We told our waitress, of our issue and she can also see the pepper and  1/2 the dish untouched. When she brought the bill I noticed there was no discount or any compensation for the bad food. I mentioned this to her and she said didn't my manager come over? We responded no. We waited over 10 minutes and had to tell her twice that no one had come to our table. Finally, 2 managers came by. (Meanwhile the restaurant was pretty full but not packed) We explained our complaint, their response was: We should have checked the pepper before telling our waitress everything was ok and also the waitress said some of the pepper was eaten. I explained I didn't think to try something I wasn't eating first, as I wouldn't want it to get cold and besides who would think it would not be cooked. They said they would make a bill adjustment and return. The bill adjustment was $6.00 off. Give me a break, Our 3 drinks were $48 and the bill still was over $80.00 and we get $6.00 off.  We told them this was our 3rd visit to this location and we've been to Newport Beach and recommended others. I do not think $6.00 off was enough, most companies do far more than what they need in order to make a good impression and have the customer leave with a good taste in their mouth wanting to come back. In Vegas there are choices and a ton of them. I will not give this location another chance, with poor management and handling off the problem they aren't worthy of our business. I understand things go wrong and aren't perfect, it is how someone handles the problem that counts.  Javier's in Vegas fell flat on their face.