I don't like giving low star reviews but i'm sorry my experience here was very poor. The two stars are for the food but i would give five for the environment and decorations.

When we first came in it was pretty crowded even for a wednesday night at 7:30. They had 2 or 3 open tables but they were too close to other people so we sat at the bar. There was no sign saying please wait to be seated or seat yourself and it appeared that the host was also the waiter and maybe even the cook. Once we sat at the bar a woman greeted us and provided us with menu and asked us what we would like to drink. I asked for a margarita and she said "do you have tequila." i didn't understand the question seeing that this was a bar and tequila is what is served in a margarita. Then she says that they don't have a liquor license but if i had brought my own they could prepare one for me. I was completely caught off guard especially since they have bar glasses that hang above their drink station and a whole rack of what are now empty wine bottles. Very misleading..BYOB is cool but don't have a bar look exactly like a bar then tell me you don't serve alcohol, what a rip! They even had one of those rubber drink mats that said Patron tequila on it so what the hell?? 

Any who, I asked for a virgin margarita that she said she could make and of course after 30 minutes she must have forgot because it never arrived at the table. I decided to just go with a water and one of the bottled mexican sodas, Jarritos. We ordered the avocado fries which was $8 so I assumed we would receive plenty. When the plate arrived it was a measly 6 slices of avocado with salsa evenly placed around a plate on a bed of lettuce. (see photo) I was like WTH is this. $8 for these little slices, It had to be only half of an actual avocado and the fact that i was splitting it with my sister made it even worse. After the app we looked over the menu which appeared to have alot of good choices. I chose the potato flautas and my sister order the curry goat.

Each meal came with rice and beans, for mine it was mexican rice and hers was coconut rice. We waited about 15 minutes for our food to arrive and when it finally did boy did it look dry! The rice on both our plates was not moist at all and looked like it had been sitting wayyyy too long on the plate. My dish said it came with sour cream and lettuce which were both missing. I asked for the cream but she didn't even notice that the lettuce was missing. Before she brought my food she told me that they had run out of potato flautas so i said chicken was ok. Expecting chicken in my meal i bit into it and discovered that it was potato. I find it strange that you don't know what dish your serving your customers. The flautas were premade not in the store but probably from a box and they tossed large pieces of shredded cheese on top of the flautas which only partially melted so it just peeled off like dried elmers glue. Thy shell was way to thick and there was almost no potato inside. The beans were flavorless like they came straight out of the can and were just heated. The rice was ok but it also tasted like it came out of a box and had been sitting wayyyy too long. 

My sisters meal was nothing to rave about either. She ordered the curry goat which once it came to her table was very dry with no curry on it whatsoever. When you think of curry you think of a thai place that makes it like a sauce for your rice. I've had plenty of caribbean food and this curry was not what real curry was supposed to be. they should have said curry flavored instead of curry goat. When she asked for more  sauce the waitress went to the kitchen and then returned saying that the curry is prepared with the dish so that there was no extra sauce on the side. WHAT??? How do you not have extra curry when it is essentially a sauce. I mean really people, it was like pulled pork without the BBQ sauce. (see pic) Her rice was dry and flavorless as well. Coconut rice is supposed to be sweet and a lil saucy but this stuff was like steamed white rice you get at a chinese spot. The only thing we ended up enjoying was the guacamole because it was very thick, creamy and had a little spice to it. Other than that all the rest of the food wasn't even worth my taste buds time.

My hubby came late and ordered a burrito with marinated pork. they brought out the burrito but with no sauce. He opened it up to see what was inside and it was 90 percent rice and beans and a few spoons of pork shreds. It tasted alot better than our meal but the fact that it came out dry AGAIN just left me shaking my head. After we finished our meal I was ready to pay and go. Unfortunately my hubby was talked in to ordering dessert. I protested but he couldn't resist. he ordered the churros and my sis got one of their truffles. The churros looked great when they came out but they were overcooked. the truffles were nothing to rave about either. 

Everything was DRY DRY DRY..I won't be going back!