After falling for their amazing carnitas at Scottsdale Spice, I badly wanted to give their restaurant a try so tada!  Saturday Night with the boys commenced!  

Walking in was a treat.  El Palacio was all decked out for some Halloween fun!  The donkeys wore dinosaur pet costumes and tacky-yet-adorable vinyls covered the windows.  They also were advertising heavily that they'll be at this weekend's AZ Taco Festival.  I was mesmerized and ecstatic.  After ordering a rich horchata and getting the complimentary two bowls of salsa and a delicious homemade bean dip with some chips, I checked-in on the Yelp app and discovered a "free appetizer with purchase of any entree" offer.  Yes!  This night keeps getting better and better!

Our waitress had recommended us to get the Fiesta Sampler for the check-in offer since we're new patrons of the place and it was a great suggestion.  There were cheesy quesadillas, crunchy taquitos, tiny tacos with warm chorizo and potatoes, and dressed-up nachos all on this plate.  It was a lot of food and a part of me wishes they brought it out before our entrees because I was hungry and I was too busy stuffing my face with carnitas to pay too much attention to the appetizers.  Bah. 

I stuck with my Carnitas Rancheras, not straying to steal bites off anyone else's plate.  It came out piping hot and smelling of delicious meats!  Three warm tortillas stayed wrapped up in their foil and were waiting for me to get my green-painted nails on them.  I piled my little tortilla up with a helping of succulent slow-cooked pork, I spooned some onions and guacamole, added my pico de gallo [sorry El Palacio, I think my pico's better], and threw on some beans and rice just because.  It was an amazing first bite.  Minus their pico de gallo being a bit wimpy, I did find that the seasoning on their carnitas to be light-handed.  Where's the heat, man!?  Make me sweat!  The portions are very generous.  Three tortillas was not enough for all that juicy meat they give you.  The free cinnamon sugar apple-filled taquito-dessert thing with whipped cream they give you with the bill was delish.

All in all, I had a great night out with good food and great company.  Service was a bit slow and the wait was pretty killer considering it wasn't even packed nor were there any big parties in the place but oh well.  Nothing great company can't cure.  I would come back for sure.  The Mole Poblano is calling my name.  Help me.