5/31/13

Finally stopped in for my first time visit to order takeout.  Since it was my first time, I wanted to check out the menu board overhead, but staring up at menu boards while people are waiting to take my order has never been my cup o' tea, so I looked around for a leaflet to peruse through, instead.  I liked the open layout of the grill and kitchen, as i was able to see the cooks in action.  I read under "Habanero Specialties" a listing for Chiles rellenos, a roasted poblano chile stuffed with jack cheese combo (rice, choice of beans-refried or black, choice of tortillas (corn, wheat, or flour) and pico de gallo for $9, and I'm a cheese-lover, so I had to try this. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=GtRJBN7OK6Vhu6x-zgZgrA#GtRJBN7OK6Vhu6x-zgZgrA  Looking around for a meaty meal, I saw under "Parrillada," that I could get a four-meat combo http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/habaneros-mexican-grill-scottsdale?select=GtRJBN7OK6Vhu6x-zgZgrA#vd5i45jyypKwClT1WigsnQ (grilled steak and chicken, chorizo, and carnitas, with rice, choice of beans, choice of tortilla, guacamole, and sour cream for one person, $11, but I also noticed that diners could add shrimp to their meals, so I wondered if the red meats were grilled alongside the shrimp (I'm allergic to shellfish), or perhaps there is a designated area where shrimp are partitioned away from the other meats, and looking past the order-taker's shoulder, I could see that shrimp are indeed cooked on the same grill with the meats.  I told the order-taker that I would like to try some of their barbecue, but I can't if the meats are cooked in the same area as the shrimp, since I have a shrimp allergy, and she fired off a few sentences in Spanish to the cook, who replied with a few sentences of his own, after which she turned to me and said that my meats would be prepared in a separate pan.  Sweet!!

While my orders were cooking, I surveyed the place and observed that while the resto is small, it didn't FEEL small, because of all the flourishes that gave the place a bigger presence (wooden furnishings and counters, a mini-bar with a handful of Mexican beer pumps, a small fridge stocked with bottles of Mexican beer if you don't want to order drafts, a counter in front of the grills where you may dine, or sit and sip on a pint of beer while you wait for your takeout (which is what one guy did while I paid for my order and waited it out on one of the dining tables).  There's even patio seating, should you choose to dine alfresco, or if you don't want to leave the restaurant smelling like you spent all day cooking in the kitchen!

Both dishes were muy delicioso!  Since I had two entrees, I decided to try both bean choices (refried and black), as well as two tortilla choices (wheat and flour), and they were all very good!  The black beans were soft and tender- I was expecting something like biting into boiled lima or kidney beans, but the black beans were softer, more akin to firm, spring peas (not mushy!).  I also appreciated that both bean choices weren't very salty and tasted freshly-prepared and sprinkled with cotija cheese, not from cans and doctored over the stove.  The chile relleno batter tasted decidedly eggy, which I did not mind, but if you don't like your foods eggy, then you might want to stay away from this dish.  I usually try to avoid tomatoes (inflammatory), but the pico de gallo smelled so bright and flavorful that I couldn't resist, and I'm glad I didn't, for it complemented the cheesy relleno perfectly!  As for the barbecue meats, I liked them all, even the spicy chorizo!  I'd say the grilled steak was my fave, followed by the diabolical chorizo, which also came with similarly-seasoned, grilled cubed potatoes.  (I didn't mind the spice level of the chorizo while the meal was fresh, but I noticed that it tasted too salty and too spicy for me to tolerate subsequent leftover meals- strange, that.)  While I enjoyed the grilled chicken (I try to avoid anything corn-based, since I'm allergic to corn, and yes, that would also include eggs... one or two in a batter is OK for me on most days), I wondered if I could order my next barbecue combo sans chicken and with more grilled steak, instead?  Doesn't hurt to ask...

I returned the next night for another installment, since Mom finished the chile relleno leftovers soon after I arrived home with them.  Would love to go back and dine-in one of these days, and perhaps enjoy a complementing beverage and dessert with my meal!  :)  Mmm... happy hour menu sounds delightful, too!
http://www.habaneros.mx/Happy_Hour.html