American Fare is dominated by MEAT. I grew up eating meat and still consume other mammals, avians, and our friends in the sea on occasion. However after my recent learnings of the industries that fuel my beloved bacon mushroom cheeseburger I have decided a change is needed!  Personally, I call it an aware-a=tarian.

Anyhow, what I am getting at is that going out to eat, being primarily an eater of plants is like going to a fast food restaurant and asking for a water cup. Never Satisfied!   Instead of being attentive to the fact that you want to eat plants, the vegetarian options are usually a bland house salad with sponge flavored tomatoes, and cabbage that would be better suited as a packing material than food. 

This isn't the case at Sol. I am not sure of their vegetable sourcing but everything tasted fresh, and of origin from some type of soil. In addition we had an excellent waiter from Chicago via Croatia, who's name I will refrain from butchering. He was attentive, knowledgable, polite and more than helpful with my friends 17 month old. We were there this Saturday, late morning and there was also a brunch offering. 

Sweet potato tacos were yummy, as was the veggie burrito as were the mushroom and poblano tacos. Also, I was talking to the waiter about the vampiro* taco and he brought one of those out as well. Very good stuff. The chips and salsa were fairly boss like too, being made of tostadas with some seasoning on them. Salsas were fresh and unique but not weird. 

Only negative about this place was the host that seated us was definitely a bit of a control freak. He didn't appreciate the fact that we wanted to move tables to accommodate my friends baby. I get that we are in North Scottsdale, and you're not catering to 17 month olds, we get it... But babies are made in DC Ranch too Mr  middle aged snobby host, so be nice. 

Now I was here on a Saturday morning and it was fairly slow. I could really see this place being capable of being full of more material seeking individuals than myself, but to each their own. With that being said I hardly EVER dine out in the 'Dale, but again this was not an awful experience at all!  Also our server was phenomenal and that makes all the difference. Peace out yelpers.