I went here expecting a nice experience and left despising the place. Our party had reserved a big table in the back as part of a going away dinner for a fellow co-worker. Since I wanted to treat my co-worker who was leaving, I asked to speak to our waitress upon entering. She merely grunted okay but did not seem pleased to actually have to talk to me about this task. Perhaps she didn't want to work that day...
Anyway we all sat down and took orders. I decided to split a plate with my friend who is participating in Ramadan. She absolutely had to abstain from alcohol, so we decided to split an appetizer of guacamole and fish tacos. The title read "Ensenada" fish tacos. And the description underneath made no mention of alcohol. In fact, the item above this was "Beer-Battered" fish tacos. So to be practical I thought those were the two different alcohol vs. non-alcohol options.
Lo and behold, when we get the order the food runner says "beer-battered" tacos. I was surprised and said, "What do you mean? We got Ensenada." He proceeds to say Ensenada is beer-battered. And I'm thinking why the hell are the "beer-battered" tacos described as such and how are patrons supposed to automatically know "Ensenada" is basically the exact same thing? The description should at least have said it was cooked in alcohol as well. Nowhere in the description did it say how it was cooked. 
Our waitress, Beth, proceeded to act like we should have known better, stating, "What's the problem here?" as she noticed our convo with the runner. The two proceeded to explain the beer gets cooked out of it. Well, excuse us, but that's not the point. My friend is taking Ramadan seriously and was not about to break her vow just because the entree description didn't note the alcohol (but specified it on other items!). After the debate, they proceeded to serve us grilled tacos instead, which were mediocre at best. I was really disappointed considering the place is sold as a bit higher end, especially based on location/atmosphere. 
To make the experience even better, our guacamole never showed up. And by that time we didn't care, considering our server would probably think it was just us, trying to be difficult. We agreed to make sure there was no charge for it, but when the check came out it was on the receipt. So we brought that up and it was taken off but the whole night felt like a giant screw up of an unworthy meal. And having the waitstaff act like we were being "picky" about the alcohol was uncalled for, especially considering the reason. Disappointing experience, unwelcoming service and inadequately described menu.