I don't even know where to begin...  We came in on Wednesday and really enjoyed our food and service.  We enjoyed it so much that we decided to return last night (Sunday).  It was clearly busier than it had been during the day, however, the experience was not what we had hoped for.  We checked in with the hostesses and were told the wait would be 15-35 minutes.  We decided to put our name on the list and grab a drink at the bar.  They don't have pagers so we wanted to stick near by in hopes a table would open up.  It took nearly 10 minutes for the bartenders to notice us at the end of the bar waiting to order a drink.  I will say, we all enjoyed our margaritas but the wait was a little much.  As we finished up our drinks, we realized we had been waiting for 45 minutes at this point.  Checked with the hostess stand and they said another 10-15 minutes.  Waiting.. waiting.. waiting.. another 25 minutes went by and then we were seated.  We were surprised because we noticed multiple vacant tables where we were seated and wondered why we had not been seated sooner, knowing we could have been in and out by this point.  We first thought, perhaps they were all reserved?  But we did not see anyone sit at any of these at any point.  We started off with the guacamole and then ordered our entrees.  Our server returned quite some time after we had ordered our entrees and let us know one of the items we had ordered had been 86'd for the night.  We wondered why it not only took him this long to let us know, but why our entree orders were being put in after so much time had elapsed at this point.. There were three people at our table and one persons order came out first.  The server was apologetic but she finished her entire meal before mine and the other persons came out.  The timing could not have been more off.  The food was not as great as the first time and neither was our experience.  Our server was kind but full of excuses.  Two of us at the table work in a restaurant and understand things happen and problems do occur.  However, we both felt it could have been handled much better.  We won't be rushing back here anytime soon, if at all.