Oh SOL, I wanted to like you.  We decided on this restaurant because our friends wanted to be nearby since they just had a baby.  I read the reviews and checked their website, so I was very excited and hopeful. I made a reservation because I knew this could be a zoo.  The place is very nice, they made a lot of changes from the old Parc.  I hope they get their act together, however it is not only the service, but food is lacking taste that brings customers back over and over.  For a while I am sure it will be packed, since it is typical of Scottsdale to go to the newest place and the sheep all flock to the scene to see and be seen. But I digress.  We ordered our drinks and waited, and waited, my friend then told me, wow the drinks sure take a long time.  Finally they came.  My hubby had the Partida Margarita with muddled jalapeño (they were nice to do it, since he doesn't like Cucumber on his drinks).  Our friends also had Margaritas, one House and one regular Partida.  I decided for the Orin Swift The Prisoner, now one of my favorites.  The drinks were very good and that is what earned them the extra star.  As for the food, here we go,  my hubby had the Taco Vampiro, wow so underwhelming for a small $6.75 taco.  I don't mind paying for great food, but this was nothing special.  He also had the Chicken Emoladas, which were ok.  Our friend Jeff had the short ribs Barbacoa en Cazuela.  I had a little taste of the meat and it was almost bland.  I had the Baja Seafood Cocktel, taste was super bland and the seafood was overcooked and so chewy I felt I was eating rubber.  I added some of the salsa that was on the table and it still didn't get that much flavor.    I also had the Ensalada SOL, well this is nothing special, tons of iceberg lettuce 5 1/2 inch pieces of mango and 5 1/2 inch pieces of avocado. We had to request glasses of water a couple of times once to our server and another to the woman that seem to be walking around every so often.   Will I come back, maybe for drinks.