Border Grill has the best brunch in Vegas.

There. I said it. So why doesn't it get 5 stars? Two minor issues, both of which can be easily fixed. (More on that later...)

We sat on the patio for Easter brunch. Although it was crowded, service was pretty fast, and the food--as usual--was delicious. For $40 each (plus $15 each for bottomless mimosas), my husband and I tried the following (in order of preference):

Breakfast Fries (The BEST! Can't go wrong with Mexican poutine!)
Chicken and Blue Corn Waffle
Yucatan Egg Benedict
Chorizo and Egg Taco
Smoked Salmon Slider
Fried Green Tomatillos
Machaca Chilaquiles
Fresh Fruit (served in a pastry cone)
Egg White Oyster Rockefeller (too much egg; not enough oyster)
Bananas Foster Crepes
Plus copious cucumber mimosas for me and traditional ones (with OJ) for him

Per usual, we ordered from the menu, and the staff brought out the food in waves. As I said, the food was great, and our waiter kept the drinks coming. I was pleasantly surprised by the cucumber mimosas, which I'd never had (or heard of) but are now definitely my favorite.

Unfortunately, there was some miscommunication between the kitchen and the servers, because our food kept going to the wrong table and we kept getting food that we didn't order. That wasn't too big a deal, because all the diners around us were friendly and had no problem passing over the correct plates, but it seemed like the tickets were somehow one table off.

The other minor problem was that there was nothing to put your used silverware on while you were waiting for your next plates to come out. We ended up tearing an empanada in half and using it as spoon rests for our forks and knives, but it would be great (and easy) to just bring out a couple of little plates for diners to rest their silverware on. (Especially for us diners on the patio, where the tables were a little dusty.)

That said, we will definitely be back to Border Grill, and I hope I can bump my grade up to 5 stars next time around. (And I hope they put the Breakfast Fries on the permanent brunch menu. YUM-MY!)