Headline: WOAH!  HOW MUCH????

It's the opening day of the MMS 2011 conference, and I'm being a booth babe at the Splunk booth (if you are here - stop by and say hi).  We decided to take a wander to see what deliciousness awaits us in this gastronomic wonderland that is the strip.  Not wanting to stray too far from the Expo Hall, we settled on the Border Grill, which - the sign will tell you - was featured on Top Chef Masters, or at least the chef was, or something like that.

So I was expecting top notch food - after all, that's what you would expect from someone who has been featured on Top Chef Masters.  Alas, the fame must have gotten to her head - either that or she has decided to quit her day job, because the food was really average.

But we are getting ahead of ourselves.  First off, where is it - It's in the Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino complex, relatively near to the convention center.  The atmosphere can only be described as "the same as the rest of the place - hectic, frantic, please I just want a quiet place to eat lunch!"  

The efficient staff poured us water into the cute wine glasses (I'd prefer a bigger glass and some ice, personally - alas, it was not to be).  After a while, we ordered - I ordered some nice guacamole and a Chicken Poblano Torta with fries.  Nothing special - just the basics.

We got the chips - cold - and three different types of salsa, in bowls so shallow that we could hardly scoop.  Nice enough, but very very average.  Then the guacamole came.  Ok - this stuff is a little bit above the average, but you want HOW MUCH for this Guacamole?  NINE BUCKS?  Seriously underwhelmed here.  Maybe we are being punished for not being comped.

The Poblano Chicken Torta was alright - average.  The chicken was well cooked, and the poblano was spicy, so it was a good sandwich, but you want HOW MUCH for this sandwich?  It isn't really a Torta, so we'll call it a sandwich from now on.  $19 for that?  Oh, and the fries were cold as well.

Seriously, folks, if this is the best that a Top Chef Master can do, I'm disappointed.  I can get this quality from somewhere else for quarter of the cost and still be satisfied.