For brunch on our last day in Vegas, we opted for the AYCE brunch at the Border Grill at the Mandalay. Although it is an AYCE brunch, the format is not that of a brunch buffet.  You can order as many tapas sized plates from the menu as you want.  The restaurant recommends ordering 3 per person.  We ended up ordering approximately 5 per person, but probably only ate 3-4 as some were misses that we didn't finish.  

When you arrive, plates of cut fruit and guava and cheese empanadas are quickly set on the table.  Simple appetizers as they are, they were some of the best things all day.  The fruits included a spear of pineapple, a few of watermelon, honeydew, and a few slices of strawberry with a passionfruit puree.  The fruit and empananadas were a great start to the meal.  The fruit was sweet and the puree was very complimentary.  I loved the light, flaky crust of the pastry and the guava jam was delicious.  

The absolute best dish of the day were the steak and eggs over a crispy potato cake.  Hot steak, crispy potatoes, egg yolk, guacamole = perfection.  Also good was the sweet corn tamale, which was subtley sweet with kernels of yellow corn inside and offset by the bright pico de gallo and the cool sour cream.  The Shrimp and Grits was also popular with its spicy sauce. 

Some of the other dishes didn't fare as well.  The chicken enchiladas and the chilaquiles were clearly pre-assembled and had been reheated but not to optimum temperature.  They were barely warm as compared to the hot seared steak and hot steamed tamale, above.  The flavor of the enchiladas were okay but it just wasn't hot enough and with the chilaquiles, the chips were totally soggy. 

Some dishes were just imbalanced.  The short rib hash with yams were overly sweet from the yams.  The PBJ biscuit with bacon, PB & J tasted exactly what you might think it would, and the eggs benedict had a bit of clashing flavors with the yucatan pork, marinated red onions and hollandaise.  Also, everything was served with pico de gallo and sour cream.  Lovely condiments, generally, but it was tiring to see them so overused.  

We had little room for dessert so we asked for more fresh fruit and shared one order of the Churro Tots.  These are more like mini doughnuts rolled in cinnamon and sugar but I must admit they were nicely fried and light.  

All in all, it's a good brunch concept but the food isn't perfect.   Reflecting on everything we tried, it was hard to overlook the combination of the lukewarm pre-assembled food and the not quite natural assemblage of American and Latin flavors.  If you were to come, stick with the Steak & Eggs, Shrimp & Grits and some of the more standard Mexican fare.