It was a Christmas brunch in the making.  The guest list was set.  The location was made and it so happened to be the Border Grill in Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino.  Thank goodness this brunch was set right after the Packers Game, because I did NOT want to miss it.

So I've been hearing a lot of great stuff about this place from many friends, Yelpers or not.  It's a Sunday Brunch for $29.99.  This brunch menu includes and array of tapas style small plates, ALL YOU CAN EAT!  We had a party of 8 and Border Grill was super cool to transform the small plates into a family style platter to accommodate our party.  The best part:  pay an extra $5 and you have a bottomless mimosa special.  STEAL!!!

For the mimosa, I stuck to the same flavor which was amazing: the pomegranate mimosa.  They literally have a selection to choose from.  It's awesome!!  For the brunch portion, here's what I got and here's what I thought:

Short Rib Hash and Eggs - Beer braised Short Ribs hashed with caramelized onions and yams with a sunny side up egg.  This dish was to die for!!  The short rib was rich in flavor from the Negro Modelo.  The yams made the dish a little sweet, but in an AH-MAZE-ING way.  Crack the egg and the yolk adds a thick depth of flavor to the dish.  I LOVED IT SOOOOO MUCH!!

Peruvian Shrimp and Grits - Chile marinated shrimp, poblano chiles and Parmesan grits.  The shrimp was a little spicy but super flavorful and cooked perfectly.  I even grossed my table out with the tail.  I'm a proud Filipino who happens to love eating the crunchy tails of the shrimp.  Don't judge me! LOL.  The grits were good, but certainly an acquired taste.  

Yucatan Egg Benedict - Manchego cheese biscuit, roasted pork, poached egg, hollandaise sauce served with pickled onions.  Not the favorite, that's for sure.  I don't know if it was dense and soggy biscuit, or the poached egg or the texture of the pickled onions.  Something just didn't add up.  

Crispy Potato Rajas Taco - YUMMY!!  Potatoes and chiles, Mexican cheeses, guacamole, corn relish and chipotle aoili.  This was a GREAT dish!  My mouth is still salivating over this taco.  Who would have thought?!  A potato taco!

Churro Tots - dulce de leche infused churros, cinnamon sugar, caramel and pear dipping sauce with whipped cream.  This was the perfect end to our very huge brunch!  The churros were little bite sized goodness and the dipping sauces were the perfect touch!!

All in all, we had a great time.  We were sat on the outside deck.  Although in the winter, the warmers made it feel comfortable.  The decor was a little eclectic but it worked.  I definitely think you should try this brunch if you have not.  It's a little pricey, but perfect for the strip and great for a Holiday like Christmas!!  I'm definitely going to push for making this an annual event :)