I couldn't agree more with the opening line of Sandy N.'s review of Border Grill:  This restaurant IS "a must when visiting Las Vegas."

Ever since my first visit to this location in Mandalay Bay in '05, I've made sure to visit every chance I have when I'm in Vegas.  Located in the restaurant wing of Mandalay Bay, it's definitely a trek to get here, but totally worth the trip (if you get to the Shark Reef you've walked too far.)

I would recommend making reservations, but it's not necessary.  Upon our arrival, the hostess was very friendly, polite, as well as courteous, and promptly showed us to our table.  After having 1-2 minutes to briefly look over the menu, our server arrived at our table greeting us, and asked for our drink orders.  Well, as you might have guessed there are a fair selection of drinks with Mexican/Spanish roots on the menu, but my friend and I choose a drink special that evening:  the Cranberry mojito.  Priced at a Vegas-reasonable $9.00, it was a definitely a cool and refreshing start to our meal.

To start, we ordered the fresh house guacamole.  YOU MUST order the guacamole should you choose to dine here.  Not ordering the guacamole would be a travesty on your part.  It would be something like vacationing in Vegas but NOT gambling.  Ok enough said.  I should mention that there are complimentary chips and salsa with your meal as well.  The chips come with 3 types of salsa:  roasted pablano, tomatillo, & red jalapeño.  In addition to our guacamole, we decided to split a chicken empanadas from the appetizer menu.  This was served with pumpkin mole` and apple salad.  So delicious and just wonderful overall.

For dinner, I decided to order the chicken enchiladas, while my friend decided on a special for that evening, the turkey rienos with mole sauce.  I would have to admit that after sampling my friend's food, I would say I liked his much better than mine.  Don't get me wrong, my chicken enchiladas were delicious, a great dish overall.  It's just that I thought my friend's dish was well.....just better.  Needless to say, we both were very satisfied with our food and finished every single morsel on the plate, even most of the sauce was gone.  Just vanished.  2 dinner entrees and 2 cranberry mojitos later, we were 2 satisfied but stuffed customers!  

SERVICE:  Terrific.  Wonderful.  Phenomenal.  Excellent.  I could think of more adjectives but I think you get the picture.  The service was some of the best I've ever experienced in Vegas...ever.  Our server was just so "on it" the entire evening.  And when we mentioned that this wasn't our first time dining here, she said something to the effect of thanking us for choosing to dine here again.  After a wonderful meal, she provided us with a complimentary sorbet for dessert.  Now THAT was the icing on the cake.  Fantastic service.

Bottom Line:  Make sure to head to Border Grill to experience some of the best Mexican food and customer service Vegas has to offer.  You won't be disappointed.