The Skinny: underseasoning with odd textures do not make a good combination (2), service - shout-out to Dale our server... for him, the service rates a (5), value - it's expensive because the food just isn't that great. (2).

I'm torn about what to say about this place.

Went to dinner with my hubby last night and came armed with a Restaurant.com coupon. They do have a VIP club for locals but the Restaurant.com coupon offers a better discount than 15% off the check.

Just to say, the service is amazing! Shout-out to Dale our waiter who was a whirlwind but still took the time to ensure that we were well looked after. He introduced the menu to us and ensured that we got the most of our experience. Our water glasses were full and our food was served in a timely manner. While our food was okay, I saw him deal with an unhappy customer who didn't like her dish. He took the food back right away without question and apologized because he recommended it. Kudos to Dale!

Okay, on to the food.

My husband ordered the Border Grill Experience which was $42 for 3 courses which included an appetizer sampler, a steak dish with quesadilla, and tres leches cake. I, being less hungry, just ordered an chicken enchiladas for $26.

The chips were perhaps a little overcooked for our tastes. The salsas in general lacked salt and acidity (I like the flavour of lime to come through). Of the four we received the chipotle and the diablo salsas were the only two that seemed to be seasoned properly.

The appetizer plate came with a plantain empanada, a taquito, and a corn tamale. The plantain empanada had great flavour but poor texture from sitting underneath a sauce for a little too long - it really killed the crispiness of a empanada. The taquitos were nice but were a little on the bland side. The corn tamale had the taste and texture of creamed corn. It was one big, hot, gummy mess - a big miss for me.

The steak entree was good - the marinated tomatoes, cucumber and avocado had a nice acidity that cut through the richness of the beef. The steak itself was a rather large portion which we took part of it home. The accompanying quesadilla however was a little too strong on the cheese flavour for me but had a nice crispness to it.

My enchiladas were good but yet again a little blander than what I was expecting. Overall, they could have used some more of the filling as well. The combination of chicken, corn, and peppers was ok - not outsanding.

The tres leches cake had the correct flavours but had difficulties with texture. The sponge was right but wasn't luxuriously drenched in a lovely milk all the way through. So the result was the bottom layers were nice but the top layers were a little on the dry side.

Overall, there are a lot of issues at Border Grill with regards to execution. Normally, I would have given this place a two however in light of our excellent service, I bumped it up to a three.