I had been to the Border Grill once before for their Sunday brunch and I found it excellent.  Today, we stopped in for a late lunch and had another excellent meal.

We got an order of bacon guacamole for an appetizer and it came with four wedges of seasoned chips.  The guacamole was excellent.  The cotija cheese gave the guacamole a super flavor in addition to the bacon.  The chips tasted a bit stale and didn't have the crispness of their taco chips.  We were brought the complimentary chips and 3 salsas and all three were good but the inferna was the best flavor, yet it wasn't that spicy.

For our mains, I got one of the lunch specials--turkey mole enchiladas.  The enchiladas were spread inside with a thin layer of very good masa.  The enchiladas were covered with an almond mole that was complex in flavor and very good.  The enchiladas were filled with well seasoned turkey meat and there was a small frisée salad on top with some very thin fresh peach slices.   My wife got the carnitas tacos.  There were three soft tacos with two kinds of rice and some black beans with cotija cheese.  I ate one of the tacos and the pork and toppings were very good.  The chipotle salsa was very good.

We waited for awhile and then ordered two half desserts.  They allow you two pick two desserts and get a half portion of each.  We got the pastel Rufina.  The menu describes it this way:  layers of puff pastry, sweetened cream cheese, chocolate chunks, and fresh berries.  The berries were raspberries, strawberries, and blueberries and the dessert is made with eclair-like puff pastry and topped with the cream cheese and chocolate chunks.  It was superb!  The other selection was a small wedge of their flourless chocolate truffle cake. The menu describes it as rich, delicate chocolate truffle cake with prickly pear lychee sauce and raspberries.  The chocolate is very rich in flavor but it is not delicate.  It was very dense although very tasty.

Service was good although we waited for a time to get an iced tea refill.  I really like Border Grill and I'll be back.