31 May 2014, 08:00p

I've been to the Santa Monica and Downtown LA locations before so there was no objection from me when our local friend wanted to try this location.  Hubby finished early so we decided to go to the restaurant and see if we could get seated earlier than our 9p reservation.

It would take our friend a little while to get there so we sat at the bar and ordered a Border Shaker for Two.  Our cocktail waitress was very friendly and shortly after we ordered the bar got pretty crowded.  We were at a table and enjoyed our order.  It was so tasty that I was actually wondering if there was tequila in the drink as it was not noticeable at all.  Hubby did get quite buzzy, so that answered my question.  The shaker for two comes with two cocktail glasses, a shaker, a small bottle of tequila (enough for two shakers-full) and an extra glass with the other margarita ingredients.  The shaker contains the first round of the margarita mix and the tequila is added at the table before it's shaken (without a top).  When you're ready for round two, pour the second batch of mix into the mixer and add the rest of the tequila.  Note, the first round only had about a third of the tequila in it and the second round was too much to fit into the mixer.  We actually had to pour the tequila into our cocktail glasses.  Well worth the $29!

Our friend arrived and we were able to be seated an hour earlier than our 9p reservation time.  We were seated outside and even though it was still in the 90s, the sun had set, there was a breeze and it was actually quite comfortable.  Water was poured and chips with three types of salsa were brought to the table.  The chips are very light and crispy and appeared to be flour tortillas versus the traditional corn tortillas.  There is a red salsa, a green salsa and a chipotle salsa.  All three are good, but the smokiness of the chipotle easily made it my favorite.  The green came in a close second and the red seemed a bit pedestrian, possibly for the non-adventurous.

We ordered:

Blood Orange Margarita - for our friend
Corn Chowder (on the special's menu) - for our friend
Ceviche Trio (Peruvian, Baja, Tuna Credo) - for me and hubby
Chicken Poblano Enchiladas - for our friend
Gaucho Steak - for hubby
Tecate Carnitas - for me

The Ceviche Trio arrived first and it is a small sampling of the three different types of ceviche listed on the menu.  The trio is not listed, but our waitress informed us that we could do any combo of any of the ceviches.  We opted for the trio so we could try them all.  The Tuna Credo wasn't very exciting.  The seasonings weren't prominent enough and tasted pretty bland.  The Peruvian and Baja were a little more flavorful.  Hubby enjoyed the Baja the best and my favorite was the Peruvian.  All three had large amounts of fish (and shrimp in the Baja), but the portions are probably only large enough to share between two people.

Our friend had the corn chowder and he said it was very tasty, albeit a bit spicy.  He enjoyed the kick to it, though, and finished the entire bowl.

Our entrees arrived and all three were generous portions.  Our friend enjoyed his enchiladas and finished them.

Hubby ate about half of his steak which he really liked.  It was served over a bed of what appeared to be "chilaquiles", but he said it was a little odd.

My carnitas were excellent!  The presentation was pretty interesting as well, with the black bean salsa layered with what the corn grits above and then finished with a huge pile of carnitas, jalapeno bacon and onions.  A singular large flour tortilla accompanied.  I was only able to eat about a third of the meal and I was full.

Hubby and I both took our leftovers back to the hotel and had them the next day.  Still good!  It's been awhile since I'd been to the Border Grill and it was nice to have another experience to remind me why I enjoy this restaurant.  The staff and service were excellent and the generous portions of the tasty food don't hurt, either!