About four years ago, I had the best meal of my life at Border Grill. Unfortunately, I wasn't a proud member of yelp at the time so it went largely unnoticed.  Back then, I ordered an adobada pork chop that came with mashed potatoes and greens. The thick cut pork chop was smothered in an ancho chile sauce that makes me smile just thinking about it.  Unfortunately, my wife and I didn't make it back until this past Saturday night. Was it a special occasion? No, not really.  However, thanks to our older daughter, we were able to get out for a date night- our second in almost 3 years. So, yeah I guess it was a special occasion -for us anyway.  

So off we went hoping to recapture that memory of what we long considered to be one the best meals we have ever had the privilege of eating.  Before I could sit down or even look at a menu, I yelled out adobada pork chop please!  Our waiter Rob apologized and said that dish was no longer available on the regular menu.  What? What do you mean? There must be some mistake!  Rob told us that every now and then the dish is offered as a special-just not Saturday night.  Now what?

Instead of walking out kicking and screaming, we decided to give the new menu a shot. I settled on the tecate carnitas plate, and my wife chose the Kobe beef sopes. My dish was presented well with the tender pork in the center of the plate surrounded by fantastic guacamole, salsa, onions, cilantro, and a crunchy slaw. Since I ordered both flour and corn tortillas, I prepared my own tacos and ate till my shoes started feeling tight. The Kobe beef sopes were great! The portion was small (3 little sopes about the size of mini muffins), but the flavor more than made up for it. The cilantro mint slaw on top was heavenly. 

As far as the service is concerned, we couldn't have been more satisfied. Rob was friendly, attentive, and very knowledgeable about the menu. He provided us with a 10% discount since we signed up for their rewards card a number of years ago. I am glad he asked, since I forgot we did that. Border Grill also treated us to a free dessert since my wife and I were on a date for the first time in years. Well played Border Grill-well played! 

Call it what you want--- tex-mex, Mexican food, or fresh-mex.  Bottom line, this place offers quality food with complex flavors that will make you want to take your wife/husband out for more dates.  

Oh yeah, can someone let me know when the pork chop makes it back on the menu?