You really need to read this. It's a bit long. But, please hang in there. It's worth it. I was amazed by their concern for my issue. I am permanently disabled and walk with a cane with constant pain. I was walking from the convention center and food court area to the casino. I was stopped by a security guard at the Border Grill due to some ongoing floor reconstruction. Rather than telling me where I could pass, I had to ask the guard, "Where do I go?" She sat there on her wide butt and pointed to a steep long staircase headed downward. It should have already been quite apparent to her that I was in no condition to maneuver those steps. I then asked her how could I get down there, alluding to my obvious disability. She went on and on about an elevator, a walkway downstairs, and an escalator. But her description was unclear as it was obvious that she couldn't care less about my issue.

After about 10 or 15 minutes of wandering around trying to find where to go, I finally ended up finding a hotel employee who helped me find my way. It was a LONG walk around. No reason existed for me to even have gone down that long hallway in the first place. No signs were posted, no detour was shown. Just, "Good luck, disabled folks! You don't matter!" I was furious. This was not right. So, as I entered the area that finally got me downstairs below the restaurant, I told the security guard I saw about the problem. He told me to go tell the Manager at Border Grill. So, I did. Here's where my day was brightened. 

I approached the Manager, who was at their "Back Door" entrance. I told her the whole story. She seemed very concerned. However, I still wasn't feeling as though they were going to make any changes or improvements. So, I specifically asked that they find a way to divert the folks who have mobility issues so they can not go through what I just went through. She looked me right in the eye and said she'd handle it. Then, she asked if I wanted lunch. I told her, "No, I'm just walking through getting a little exercise. I just wanted to be sure nobody else has to go through that" She again offered me lunch and a drink, almost pulling me inside the restaurant. So, I accepted her kind offer. 

Now to the food! LOL. I had some chips and salsa (three kinds: two red, one green) and guacamole to start. It was delicious, and had good spices. I also had a "Mexican Mojito," which really kicked some butt. Then the chile relleno burger came. OMG - just look for yourself - I posted a photo here. Not only was it ridiculously huge, it was awesomely delicious as well. The fries were skin-on and fried just right, too. I barely got through half the plate. But, I did finish that drink! All-in-all a great meal. Comfortable porch-like atmosphere downstairs, too. I wasn't even aware that the Border Grill had a downstairs until this. Great service, great food, and now the best part. 

The manager (I wish I remembered her name!) came back to me near the end of my meal. She told me they are using their in-house elevator to divert disabled people around the construction. This eliminated a very long walk around that mess. Now, they can just go into the restaurant, take the elevator, and be where they need to be to get to the casino. Viola - problem recognized AND resolved within the time it took me to half-eat my free lunch. Now, THAT'S real service. They didn't have to do any of that. They could have just said, "OK" and left it at that; which is what I expected considering the first person (stupid lazy guard) I dealt with on this issue. But, that lady made my day. Not for the free lunch. I wasn't even that hungry. But for the kindness and consideration she had, and for having implemented an immediate fix. I'm impressed. Great job! Great food! Great service! Thanks!