I've been wanting to try the Border Grill in LA for the longest time.  But I was in Las Vegas for the weekend staying at Mandalay Bay, and there was a Border Grill at the Mandalay!  So me and my friends decided to give it a try.  I'm not a Vegas person at all since I don't like to gamble.  So I was just there for the pool, drinks and food!  
Susan Feniger of the Two Hot Tamales is the mastermind of Border Grill.  I've heard a lot of great things about it, so I was very excited to try it out!
We started out with the Cadillac margaritas and guacamole and chips.  I like my margaritas on the rocks no salt.  The waiter delivered mine with salt.  No biggie, I just wiped the salt away.
The guacamole was okay.  It was a bit on the creamy side for my taste.   I prefer guacamole on the chunky side.  One of my friends just loved the guac.
I decided to order one of the specials for the evening, which was highly recommended by our waiter.  It was tuna encrusted with pistachio served over a pobalno risotto topped with a jicama slaw.  My other two friends ordered the chile relleno and the pork slowly cooked in banana leaves.  
The tuna was way overcooked.  So overcooked that it was dry.  The waiter when explaining the special said it was cooked medium (slightly pink).  The risotto was also a big disappointment.  Some parts seemed like it wasn't cooked enough.  My dish was a big disappointment.  Also, my meal wish lukewarm at best.  It seemed like it was sitting out for a while.  I should've returned it after the first bite but I didn't since I had a second cadillac margarita to wash it down.
My friend's meals were way better than mine.  The chile relleno was very good.  But I thought the best meal was the pork slowly cooked in banana leaves.  It was cooked perfectly and great flavor.
For dessert we shared the empanadas stuffed with dark chocolate, milk chocolate, and white chocolate.  And we also shared the homemade ice cream, a scoop of vanilla bean, and a scoop of kahlua chip.  The dessert was the best part of the meal for me, unfortunately.  I really wanted to love Border Grill.  But my tuna special was a big disappointment.  I may give it a second try...this time checking out the LA restaurant.