What a JOKE, again...   I live very near this place and want it to be a good experience. I have continued to try to and give it another chance, but again it sucked.  Went on teh opening Bike Night of 2015. Thousands of people wanting to spend money on drinks, food, and just have a good time. Not here. Sat down after standing at the door for 4 or 5 minutes. Found a table very near the bar in the middle of the place. Cant miss us unless you're not even in the building. A male waiter walks by and purposely does not make eye contact. Probably because "I might have to actually take an order"... We can only find 2, yep 2 other servers outside of the bar.  How do you staff only 3 servers on one of the biggest nights of the year?   So, we sat. Tried to wave down one the ladies with no luck...   Trust me, we were not trying to say "hello" to anyone by waving.  So, we sat there as a JOKE (wanting and willing to spend money on food and drinks) within our group to see if someone would even acknowledge us, let alone ask if we want to order something...  Well, 20 minutes goes by and what do ya know??? NOTHING!!!  By the way, the place was half full at best, so it's not like anyone/someone was overwhelmed with work.  I looked across the bar near the back where the kitchen door was. Guess what?   The 2 servers are standing there shooting the bull...  Probably trying to figure out how to avoid any new customers coming in.   We weren't the only table with nothing or empty glasses...   We get up and walk out. Not once did we even get a Hello, Go to Hell, "F-off", Goodbye, NOTHING...   I did forget the first waiter who did a great job of ignoring us, maybe they did know we were there? Maybe the owners have so much money they didn't need ours? 

Either way. Yes, I am trying to have a little fun with my sarcasm. But, This place has no business trying to run a business.  Here's another little tidbit...   I had our company Christmas lunch here in 2013. Like I stated earlier, if you can get service, the food wasn't half bad, but the service they offered wasn't one bit better than that of a 20 minute picnic at a park. 

This place is located in one of Arizona's hottest locations and are the worst place in the district.   Just read the other reviews.   I have finally learned. WILL NOT BE BACK!!!       The only reason they receive 1 start is because you have to enter something, they don't deserve the 1!!!