Full disclosure: the food is a solid three; it's Dana and the rest of the staff that make Diego a four. 

In Vegas for Super Bowl weekend with a teenager in tow and no set Super Bowl party plans, that's where we found ourselves. Most parties were 21+ or booked. And as anal as we are about making plans and itineraries and reservations we chose to fly by the seat of our pants on this one. 

So around rolls game day and we were going to head to another spot but apparently we were too late. We'd walked past Diego a few times and had wanted to try it for lunch so we gave them a call. "Sure, we'll hold a table, when will you be here!" The daddy long legs of our crew shaved about seven minutes off what it should've taken us if we hustled so with about three minutes to spare we called back and they agreed to hold it longer. 

For last minute arrivals we were welcomed and given primo seating in a semi-private area with a big screen. Dana quickly came over to get the drinks flowing and orders started and took very good care of us. 

The regular margaritas were great and I usually only drink beer and wine. They were well-balanced and smooth. I tried a strawberry pineapple one later on but it was far too sweet for me. The beer list is no great shakes but they have what you'll usually find at a Mexican restaurant so that works. 

Starting with the chips and salsa and guacamole we were immediately impressed. Best salsa and guacamole. Like, wow. I can't believe we didn't just fill up on that. 

We had Taquitos with steak that were excellent. Nicely spiced, not just overdone with cumin or adobo. Also, they left no trace of that scary orange grease that's a by-product of bad Mexican restaurant food. They were crisp and surprisingly light - really good. The nachos were also fantastic - a good amount of toppings layered throughout instead of just sitting on top leaving naked hot, dry chips underneath. Also, much to my surprise and happiness, not a single chip was burned. Yay!

Diego isn't top of the line cuisine, especially not compared to the major names of chefs that have restaurants in the city, but it is a great place for simpler, cheaper fare and fantastic, fun servers.