My new favorite Mexican restaurant!  

The boyfriend and I were heading down to First Friday but we weren't feelin' food-trucky, so we yelped places nearby.  El Sombrero popped up a few blocks away. We read the description about it being around since the 50's, but it only had 111 reviews...we were confused, yet intrigued.  We pulled up and it didn't look like much from the outside.  The empty hostess stand out front didn't feel promising, but we stepped inside anyway...WOW.  We didn't expect the dining room to look the way it did.  It felt modern, hip and clean. That wasn't at all what we expected.  

We were seated by one of the waiters who quickly brought us out a bowl of chips and salsa, and took our drink order.  The chips were nicely seasoned and although thicker than I typically prefer, I couldn't stop once I got started.  I loved the salsa and the generous serving of it that we received.  We ordered the guacamole which was the perfect size for 2.  

I was in the mood for fajitas, but we asked our server which dish he recommended.  He recommended the Del Patron, a platter recommended for 2 people to share, with 3 cuts of steak, Mexican cream corn, potatoes, rice & beans.  Sounded perfect, and it came recommended, so we took the server's advice!  

The platter arrived with a generous serving of each type of steak. If I remember correctly it was a filet, hanger, and rib eye. Everything was delicious!!!  The salsa variation is my favorite on the platter - unlike any other place I've been to. There's a smokey salsa, a chimichurri and a super duper spicy one.  They were all good, but my favorite is the chimichurri. Mmmmmmm! 

We ended dinner with their version of bread pudding.  No complaints! We practically licked the plate clean :) 

We just went back the other night for another round of El Sombrero!  We couldn't help but order the same thing again.   They increased the price of the Del Patron from $45 to $55, but honestly at $45 I was wondering how they were going to stay in business with the portion sizes they give!  We brought my daughter this time as well and she ordered their chicken enchiladas.  Throughout the meal she raved about the food, decor and the atmosphere of the place!  That's a good sign coming from a VERY PICKY and CRITICAL 10 year old :) 

The ONLY negative (which I would rate this place a 4 stars out of 5) is that both times our food has been extremely slow to come out...to the point that the server has had to come out and apologize to us for the extended delay. We ordered our meat medium rare so it's definitely not due to the cooking time of the steaks - but maybe they're failing to prep a lot of the sides and salsas and make EVERYTHING on that dish upon order.  I hope they get more kitchen staff or figure out how to cut the waiting time!  Or maybe if they make everything fresh they should just be communicating that upon order so that the extended delay is expected. If they fix their minor service issues, they'll be 5 stars across the board for me! 

This place has been around for a while, but I think they've done a great job with modernizing their space to be more relevant to today's diners.  All of the servers are dressed nicely, which is rare in ANY Mexican joint in vegas.  I truly love this place and encourage everyone to try it out!!