Went to Comedor Guadalajara for a friend's birthday on a Friday night.  I saw they had Happy Hour deals so i went there a little early to have a drink in their bar or cantina except for they don't have one.  Bummer.  We had 7 people in our party and they don't take reservations so I put our name in ahead of time and just sat in the waiting area.  Another member of our party arrived too with the same thought I had to have a drink in the bar while waiting for the others to arrive.  The owner or manager was in the front at the hostess table and he was nice enough to let us go ahead and get seated while we waited for the rest of our party.  This was smart because my friend and I and ultimately a 3rd guest arrived and we had washed down 5 beers until the rest arrived.  You don't make money with people waiting to be seated.

We started off with appetizers of a couple of orders of cheese crisps and a side of guacamole.  wow were these good.  I totally recommend these to anybody for starters.  For dinner I ordered the Carne Asada Tampequeña.  It was Carne Asada, a cheese enchilada, rice, beans, tortillas and a side garnish of lettuce, tomatoes and guacamole.  Great meal at a great price.  i could barely finish it.  I love horchata and noticed they had it on the menu so I ordered a glass of it and it came in HUGE cup served over ice.  Tastiest horchata I've had in a long time.  For dessert I heard the Churros & Ice Cream was to die for so I tried it.  Holy hell is that good and a great idea.  if I can't have my fried ice cream, this definately ranks right up there.  The churros were hot and crispy and along with the vanilla flavored ice cream I wanted with it, I will be definitely getting that again!

I would give CG 5 stars but I have to take a star off for location.  It is in a dicey part of town but there were security guards watching the parking lot and parking when I left the restaurant at around 8 was a zoo so if you come in during prime dinner time you might have a hard time finding a spot.  While CG is very good unless I'm going to downtown for something, I probably wouldn't go back just for dinner and find something closer to me and in a better location.