Wow.  Just wow! 

This would be a 5 star review, but our service knocked it down a star

We waited about 45 minutes, but enjoyed the ambiance and the art work on the wall.  When we were seated, I already knew we were going to order the tableside guacamole (one of the items I found to be a bit over priced)  $12 for a pretty small bowl of guacamole.  Yes, it was fantabulous, so in the end I didn't mind paying...but it was a pretty small bowl to be shared between 3 people.  It was made very quickly (with little/no interaction from our server...when I noticed the other server in the area was laughing and explaining the process to his tables....however, our server was not the most personable of fellows...) and with very fresh ingredients, cilantro, jalapeno, pomegranate seeds...opted for no onions, and topped with fresh lime juice and seasonings.  It was delicious.  I also have to add that the tostadas that they use are fantastic.  Crispy, thick, not greasy or salty at all!

We ordered a couple of drinks, I chose my go-to drink: Michelada with Tecate.  I went picosito and it was delicious.  The right amount of hot sauce, lime juice and beer!  A friend of mine ordered the spicy margarita (which our server forgot and had to be reminded) and she loved it!  

As for our meals, 2 of us chose the Mariscos enchiladas.  A white cream sauce with oaxaca cheese, bay scallops, shrimp...HUGE shrimp cooked to perfections, and crab meat.  A few hunks of calabasitas and it was ...TO...DIE...FOR!!!  The sauce really complimented the various seafood and not one of the ingredients overpowered any other.  

The birthday girl opted for the carne asada tacos with spicy fries....spicy? Not so much...but very tasty!  

We were stuffed.  But...it was my friend's birthday so we had to have some dessert!  We looked over the menu and before we could finish deciding, they brought over the best flan I have ever had in my life!  The consistency was ideal and it was covered with this caramel sauce and candied pecans.  Needless to say, we made room for the flan!  

We were beyond satisfied with our meal, however...the service we received left a lot to be desired.  I found myself envious of the other tables who were greeted with smiles and had a server that waited for his customers to finish their sentences.  Ours made us feel as if we were a burden and he had better things to do.  He never acknowledged our orders and just walked away when we finished...almost before we finished and was always looking around instead of making eye contact.  

I will be back and hopefully the service I receive will warrant me doing the well-deserved 5-star marking for this place!

Thank you Chef Silvana!  You are a gem in the Valley of the Sun!