I came in here expecting fairly good food and crappy service/long waits. But hey it's 9:00 on a Saturday and not a ton of restaurants were open. We walked in and were seated immediately. We were totally proven wrong about the service. It was not just standard, but AMAZING service. The waiters checked up on us constantly and were great about filling up our drinks and chips. The manager was also walking around and making sure everyone was having a great time and talked to us. Now that's someone who really cares. Anyways we ordered the toritos (I think that's what they're called), 6 oysters on the half shell, and a filet of the garlic red snapper. The food was brought out insanely fast. We got it in around 7 minutes!! 

The food I must say was a solid four stars.  The garlic red snapper was to die for and making it into tacos was even more amazing, I highly recommend it and it earned a solid five stars. I was slightly less impressed with the appetizers. The oysters were very fresh but just not that great. I wish they had other options (they must have come from warm water and it is my fault for ordering oysters in August). They were fairly boring, not briny or buttery just boring. Mi had high expectations for the toritos (bacon wrapped shrimp stuffed peppers) because so many other people reviewed it. I personally thought them to be average. They were in soy sauce which I found off putting. Overall all the food including the chip and salsa were very good an we will definitely be back. I highly recommend sticking with seafood dishes. Next time I will have to get the whole fish 

Also as far as ambience goes, this place gets pretty loud (music is blaring) but it's a fun place if you want a drink or want to watch a game. There "bar/club" room is separate from their main dining room with the bar in the middle so it's quieter in some places. I wasn't there when there was live music but will definitely have to be when I go there next time.

Next time if I get different food that I like, this place will easily get 5 stars.