FIND MY UPDATED REVIEW. THE INITIAL REVIEW WAS A 3 STAR REVIEW WHEN I FIRST VISITED. THEY HAVE IMPROVED DRAMATICALLY AND THIS PLACE IS STRAIGHT BOMB!!!!

i'm a foodie and mexican/latino cuisine is absolutely my favorite. i give every establishment at least two tries before i write a review. every joint can have an off day with food quality and service and it may depend on what you order (anyone that tells you that everything on their menu is good is flat out lying, although there are exceptions). each of my reviews will layout the good, the bad, the ugly (if applicable) and an overall rating based on food quality, food quantity, ambience/decor, pricing and service. my intent in drafting reviews is to help the establishment improve so they can be successful, not to bury them unless the joint has no chance whatsoever. make sure you read the entire review to get a complete overview!

the good: salsas are made fresh daily and they have several options; mesquite hardwood grilled meats (good flavor), clean fresh ambience, friendly owners and staff

the bad: meats tend to be overcooked and a bit dry (they should grill the carne asada medium rare, but they don't); quantity of product is small for the price; prices a bit high for the amount of food; flan is average and is missing the all important burnt caramel sauce; limited menu choices (2-3 meats), no rice or beans, etc.

the ugly: one thing i find unacceptable is quality control of food and service. the order taking is done by one employee and one register with a line out the door (just opened so everyone is wanting to try it). the order taking is slow and the employee lacks knowledge of the menu even though the menu is limited. lack of attention to detail. i've eaten there twice (once take out and once dine in) and both times the order was incorrect. wrong tacos, burnt tortilla chips (i mean burnt as in dark brown to black), incomplete order. also, don't open until the staff is trained. nothing is more irritating than employees being trained as they prepare and serve you. no wonder the orders are incorrect.

overall review: this place could be a hidden gem and a permanent mesa establishment with a few tweaks and improvements. bigger quantities or lower prices, better food and service quality control and expand the menu a bit. i enjoyed the food, but it isn't quite where it needs to be. please get there because i love great mexican food.

face (food blogger tag name)