In sum, delicious and innovative brunch.

My instincts told me to overlook my interesting dinner experience from months ago and to give the brunch a whirl. Boy ol' boy am I glad I did. 

I did not make it easy on Verde either. I chose the huevos benedictos. The first properly cooked egg I learned to make back when I was a wee munchkin was poached eggs. Why poached? I LOVED eggs benedict. I've eaten this breakfast brunch staple since I could write in cursive. Hence, it is difficult to impress me with this dish. Verde's interpretation provided me new insight into traditional comfort breakfast.

Wow, wow wow! I cannot say enough wonderful things about this dish. Blue corn muffins were thicker than I would have thought and I enjoyed the sweet corn dimension. The house-cured bacon was smoky, sweet, caramelizing slabs of Nirvana. Next up, was the wild card for me: wilted escarole. Huh? When I read the description on the menu I would not let myself over think it- I wanted to try something different. Wow wow wow. This dish would not be the same without the slightly bitter and acidic wilted escarole. It provides another dimension of flavor that balances this dish. Why does traditional benedict lack this delicious component? The poached eggs were perfectly cooked with the yolk center seeping throughout the layers of deliciousness with only a soft nudge from a fork. 

Last and certainly not least- guajillo hollandaise. So few establishments can make a proper hollandaise. Let alone one that can balance acidity, smokiness, and heat. I loved this sauce. As the queen of sauces I can say I will spent endless hours in the kitchen attempting to recreate this masterpiece or perhaps I should just attend brunch here more often.  Either way, order this dish if you love Mexican cuisine and understand what a proper eggs benedict should be. This will allow one to appreciate the balance, depth and beautiful complexity this dish has to offer. 

My ravings about this restaurant does not stop at the eggs. The coffee. I am a coffee snob- through and through. I also appreciate it brewed strong the way I believe all coffee should be made. Their coffee has a strong body and the beans have a rich dark roast. The hand squeezed orange juice was a tad pricey at 4$ glass. Nevertheless, the OJ was fresh and yummy.

I tried a taste of my husband's has de carne ahumada. Another delightful dish [although I still think my dish was the best]. Cubed and sauteed sweet potatoes were a delicious spin on the typical potato hash. My husband even agreed and he is a white potato lover- through and through. Peppers and red onions were grilled and tasted nicely seasoned. The smoked brisket was balanced and cooked properly. Not dry, not overly seasoned but moist and possessed a mellow element of smoke. 

Jared also ordered a side of chorizo. Let me tell you, my husband is a sausage fiend. His basic food groups are beef, potatoes, and sausage. He could not say enough wonderful things about the chorizo and remarked one can taste the freshness of the pork and felt the balance of spices and tone of cinnamon were delicious. 

The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars was the speed of the service. We had a lovely waitress who was very nice. Yet, we waited quite a bit to be greeted and even longer for our coffee. In the morning, I NEED my caffeine...quickly. Other than the slow service [which was something we also experienced during our dinner a few months back] breakfast was excellent =)