We had a very enjoyable experience here. The service was outstanding and the food was delicious. Admittedly, though, we did not venture into any dishes on the China side of the menu. We opted to sit at the taco bar, which was kinda nice. 

For cocktails, we had the Salt Air Margarita and Mexican Mimosa. With the Mexican Mimosa, we ordered the first one with papaya juice (good, but a little boring) and the second one with guava juice (amazing). The Salt Air Margarita was particularly exceptional. Such a great and innovative way to do a margarita - and it definitely tasted far better than your typical margarita.

We started off with the queso fundido. The fresh tortillas were fantastic, but the queso itself was a bit of a let down. While it was good (and we certainly ate all of it), it didn't have a lot of flavor to it. Basically, we were expecting more.

We then shared two sets of two tacos - the barbacoa and Viva China. The barbacoa were incredibly delicious! So many great flavors, and just the right amounts of juiciness and crunch. The Viva China were interesting, but were quite salty. And the two Viva China tacos actually tasted different - one meatier and saltier, and one crispier and less salty. A good and interesting flavor experience, but we probably wouldn't order them again.

For dessert we ordered the flan. It was unlike any flan we have experienced before. It was served with ice cream and these awesome seared-like pineapple squares. All the flavors together (flan, ice cream, and pineapple) were absolutely incredible! And it was all even better when paired with the guava Mexican Mimosa. One of the best desserts we've had in a long time.

It was a little pricey (especially $6 for a bottle of Coke), but everything we had was delicious (so it was worth it). And the service was exceptional. Our server was very attentive and knew the menu well. One of the better service experiences we've had in awhile. And the space and decor is neat. Overall, great casual dining experience.