Delicious tortas, quick and friendly service, nice and clean location.

I'm holding on to the 5th star for now until I try more of the tortas. I may even have to dig into that Carlos V at some point if I work up a serious appetite one of these days. But this was quite a first experience and is easily a 4-star restaurant for me.

I came alone and was immediately seated. I was brought a basket of chips (kinda stale, not the greatest chips anyway) and salsa (nice and spicy, good flavor) to enjoy while I looked at the menu and waited for my entree.

The menu is extensive! There are a ton of different tortas to order (although I must admit that some of them seemed to be rather redundant), and there are other, non-tortas options as well. But with how delicious the tortas are, I'm not sure that I'll ever move on to the other options.

I ended up ordering El Principe with grilled chicken. It came out pretty quickly, and it was nice and hot. It was served with a small salad of lettuce, radishes, cucumbers, a charred chunk of onion, and a delicious broiled pepper. I dug into the salad and added some of the extra green salsa they brought with my sandwich. Then I dug into the sandwich. It was downright messy--grilled onions and chicken were falling all over my hands and plate. I added some salsa to several of the bites for some extra flavor, but it didn't need it. The chicken was nice and tender, the onions were soft and nicely charred, and the cheese, guacamole, and sauce all made for a great combination. The bolillo was very soft and tasty. All in all, this was an excellent sandwich!

The service was great throughout. I was acknowledged immediately when I walked in the door, even though the hostess had just left to seat somebody else. A guy in the kitchen saw me through the kitchen window and told me that somebody would be right with me. My server was very attentive and friendly as well.

I'll definitely be back, and if a few of the other tortas match this first one, I'll end up bumping my rating up to 5 stars.