Our first visit to Via was about five years ago shortly after we moved into the "Slope" aka Sunnyslope.  Back then the waiters were surly, the food was good, and the 99 cent margaritas would knock you on your tukus.  About the only thing that's changed in that time is the margaritas are now $2.99, but you'll still get the same great food and the same surly service.  Well, that's not entirely true of the service.  It's been my experience that if it's a slow night and you have a female server, then your service will be top notch.  If it's busy or you happen to get a male server, then it can get a little frustrating.

I personally think they have the best mild salsa in town.  I always fill up on chips and salsa then feel like someone needs to roll me out the door because I'm so full after dinner.  The portion sizes are huge, so you can't go wrong there.  My favorite dish is the #3 combination, Green Chili Con Carne with rice and beans.  My only complaint is the same with every other Mexican Food restaurant in town, is the lettuce they use as a garnish on the plate.  I've said it before and I'll say it again...Heck I might even climb up "S" mountain and scream it from there..."COLD LETTUCE HAS NO PLACE ON A HOT PLATE OF MEXICAN FOOD!"  There, I feel much better now.  But seriously, you don't eat the lettuce, at least I don't, and even when I accidently do, it's hot and soggy.  Who likes that?  But I digress.

The bar is small, and always crowded.  The patio is nice if the weather is good.  Their list of tequilas is almost two pages long on their menu.  So if you're a tequila aficionado, then you should check it out.  If I had to rate Via on food alone, I'd give it four and a half stars.  If I had to rate via on service alone I'd have to give it two and a half stars only because it's spotty approximately half of the time.  So if I average them together Via would get three and half stars, but I'm going to round it up to four because the last few times, the service has been better and I really like the place.