GREAT EXPERIENCE!!
Let's start with the CONS:
1- Place is kind of hidden, we passed it a couple of times, no visible signs from the street
2- Tacos are a little over priced
3- Not a large menu, do not expect to see 100 things to choose from
The PROS:
1- Not a chain restaurant
2- Great atmosphere
3- Easy to read menu, not to many choices which for us, worked out great!
4- Available parking
5- Something different to try when you need to excite your palate
6- Original flavors

We were immediately greeted as we walked in, on this terribly hot afternoon. The gentleman at the register was welcoming and genuine, most of all, when we mentioned that this was our first visit. He explained to us the difference between the tacos and even made suggestions on what appeared to be the most popular choices.
Noisy? Crowded? Not this Saturday, perhaps because school is out? Not sure, but for us, it was actually perfect.  Nice Latin music playing in the background, a couple swinging on the hammock and a man on his laptop in the "relaxing area", the tables were comfortable and there was lots of casual décor to look at.
We both had the 4-taco combos with a variety of tacos. By far our favorite was the Shanghai taco, yet we could not stop talking about the Texano and the Bombay.
The tortillas were not greasy; they were nice and hot and almost had a slight crunch to them. The meats were very tender, tasty and well prepared. The sauces were extremely savory and original. Although the tortillas appear to be small, these tacos pack a great amount of filling which made the prices definitely worth it. The sides were also quite surprising. I had the Quinoa Aztec salad, which was minty fresh and well seasoned and the fried plantains were still hot when brought to our table. My husband was more traditional, he chose the chips & salsa and black beans, both were very flavorful and appeared to be freshly cooked.  Over all we were very satisfied, and we are definitely planning on returning with friends. As another yelper said, not your traditional street-vendor tacos, but definitely something delicious to try and come back to when you want more than the usual! 
We would also like to mention that we did our homework, and although we had read about concerns with this restaurant in regards to health inspections, we verified that their last inspection in May 2013, had an A result. So let's be fair to our local businesses, let's read more than bad reviews when making a choice on where to take your business. Way to go Yayo's!