A gem off the strip.  We come to vegas 2x a year for work and have finally realized in the past two trips that we need to get off the strip to get away from overpriced, mediocre food.  Mundo was one of the places I found and I haven't been disappointed!

Most recently, we ate here last week with a group of 9 for a salesman dinner for hubby's company.  I felt the food would be accessible, there would be a good amount of alcohol flowing, and it wouldn't break the bank for that many people.  And the atmosphere/ look of the restaurant is impressive and beautiful.  When we were there they had a lot of beautiful in full bloom roses all over the restaurant.  

Overall the dinner went really well and we had some wonderful dishes.  Everyone was pretty happy.  The only exception to that was that 3 people ordered the skirt steak dish and said it was on the tough/chewy side and could have used more marinating.

Here's what we got:

Drinks
Paloma- a spin on a Margarita with grapefruit instead of lime juice
Margarita- love their classic margarita and they're only $9!
White wine- paco y lola arbarino from spain- delicious
Red wine- casillero del diablo carmenere from chile- run of the mill red, probably should have gone for something else.  

Apps (shared)
Tortilla chips & salsa- complementary.  Fresh salsa and freshly fried chips.  Nice!
Queso Flameado- comes with piping hot tortillas.  This was delicious but we were sharing and I couldn't tell what else was in it other than the melted cheese on top.  I think there's guacamole in there.  Would definitely get this again.  
Guacamole- this was fine but nothing that special.
Calamari- nicely fried calamari, but not a lot of them to share.  Probably wouldn't get this again.  
Ahi Tuna Tostada- this was an awesome dish.  Comes sliced into 6 wedges.  Very thin crispy tortilla with ground up ahi tuna spread on top.  It has some sort of garlic-y oil on it that makes it taste sooo good.  
Chopped salad- very nice and refreshing.  sweetened with cranberries.

Entrees
Chilean sea bass- comes in a paper "envelope".  Was told that this was a very good dish
Scallops- comes on a bed of rice mixed with corn and some other things.  The scallops looked like they were burnt to a crisp on one side, but actually they were perfectly cooked.  the rice was very nice and a little spicy.
Skirt steak- like I said, all three who got this said it was chewy and tough.  Disappointing to hear that.
Shrimp tamale- hubby got this and he was unimpressed with the tamale part, but the shrimp on top were really good.  Probably not worth the price of this entree.  

Dessert-
Churros- filled with some sort of chocolate ganache with a small dish of melted chocolate for dipping.  Perfect ending to the evening.