Went here last night. Mondays are the night to go - 1/2 off tapas. It was busy, but probably because it was on a Monday.  Also, I liked that there is no smoking. 

They had a pretty good selection of tapas. We probably tried about half of them.  Here is the list: 
Pil Pil Shrimp - came out sizzling hot in a cast oven pan. The shrimp were good sized, I think there were five or six shrimp in butter, garlic and other seasonings. 

Calamari - Tried both the fried and the grilled. I liked the grilled calamari better than the fried. Decent portion size, not huge but it is tapas. The calamari was still tender and the grilled had a great flavor and was served on squid ink.  The fried, still good, a light batter. There was one sauce missing, it is supposed to come with marinara and two aioli's but it only had one aoili.  

Striped seabass - This could easily by a small meal, one piece of fish.  It was still tender. I liked the onion and peppers it was served with. The fish in itself did not have much flavor. 

Stuffed piquito peppers - There were two in the order. I could have ate a whole plate. Grilled peppers stuffed with gooey cheese - need I say more. 

Fried Manchego - I love cheese curds, and this was like the spanish rendition. The manchego was a little salty, but Manchego is.  There are three wedges provided - it was tasty but a bit greesy I may skip this in the future. 

Pan Bohli - Two pieces of breach with serrano ham and cheese on it.  Good, a little greasy as they grilled the bread - but nothing really noteworthy so I probably would skip this again. 

I can't remember the name but sausage on potato - the waitress recommended this. It was good but I would probably not get this again. There were four servings/pieces - the sausages were about an inch long and although they had good flavor they were a little tough. They were sitting an a small mound of mashed potatos. 

The normal tapas price ranged from $6-$9 approximately. For the size of the items I think the price is a little high for the amount you get, but for 1/2 days it is a steal. We also got a pitcher of red sangria ($26) - it was okay, but not very sweet and had a more prominent wine taste than you normally get in most sangria's. I prefer it to be a bit sweeter. 

I was also impressed that they had Estrella beer on draft (the only place I have seen it) and $6 for a 16 oz poor which is good. Their wine list was also reasonably priced and although small they had some decent wines, not the normal Chateau St. Michelle etc you always see. I can't remember the list but I noted that they had Tobin James Cab. 

The waitress was nice and the food came out quick. Also they have half off sangria on Thursdays and happy hour from 4-6pm and 11pm-2am with 20% off tapas, and drink discounts for beer, wine and well.  Overall I liked it here for the price, I would come back on Mondays or during happy hour.