Two of us started 2015 off with a special New Year's Day brunch at Border Grill normally offered only on weekends.  Offered our choice of any table becasue we were the first people there, we chose to sit on the indoor patio along the Forum Shops. It was also well lighted for better photos.  It's always fun to watch tourists.  

We started with two complimentary guava empanadas and a bowl of fresh fruit before ordering.

Between the two of us, we ordered (descriptions from their menu):

Yucatan egg Benedict - manchego cheese biscuit, achiote roasted pork, avocado crema, hollandaise, pickled onions (2 orders)

Green corn tamales - sweet corn, salsa fresca, sour cream (1 order)

Fried green tomatillos - triple cream brie, hominy grits, spicy romesco, smoked chile hollandaise, pepper bacon  (1 order)

Bacon jalapeño PBJ - housemade peanut butter and grape jelly, crispy bacon, over easy egg, jalapeño  (2 orders)

Chicken and waffle - blue corn waffle, mango habanero coulis, spiced fried chicken, crème fraîche  (2 orders)

Peruvian shrimp and grits - aji panca salsa, roasted green chile, creamy parmesan grits (1 order)

Red velvet Johnny cakes - ancho chocolate shavings, candied pecans, wild berry syrup, vanilla crème fraîche (1 order)

Egg white oysters Rockefeller - seasonal tempura oyster, creamed spinach, crispy bacon, spicy tomato chutney (1 order)

Huevos rancheros - black bean panucho, ranchero salsa, sunny side egg, tomatillo relish, serrano chantilly (1 order)

Breakfast fries - beer braised short rib, chipotle hollandaise, applewood smoked bacon, over easy egg (1 order)

Churro tots - dulce de leche infused churros, cinnamon sugar, cajeta (1 order)

Capirotada French toast - bourbon maple syrup, walnuts, ancho cherry marmalade, goat cheese crema (1 order)

Rice pudding - shortbread cookie, brûléed banana slices (1 order)

The Border Grill brunch is an all you can eat menu with a cost of $34.99.  We ordered two dishes at a time and they were generally brought out at the same time or close to each other.  Where it's indicated 2 orders, we each got one.  Neither one of us repeated any dishes and we didn't share except for the churro tots and the rice pudding--a $9.00 up charge because it's not one of the brunch dishes which total 16.

My favorites were: Yucatan egg Benedict, fried green tomatillos, bacon jalapeño PBJ, shrimp and grits, chicken and waffle, churro tots, and rice pudding--basically everything I ordered.  The chicken and waffle was quite deceptive.  At first, I thought the mango habanero coulis was too sweet until I got a slice of habanero and the rest of the habanero flavor kicked in.  No longer sweet, it was a tasty, zingy dish.  The shrimp and grits were very good as was the bacon jalapeño PBJ.  The peanut butter was excellent and with the jelly and bacon, the biscuit had a very flavorful counterpoint.

Finishing off, the churro tots were good but the rice pudding was exceptional.  The pudding is well worth the up charge.  The portion is huge--easily shared--and it's a great finish to a wonderful brunch. 

Service except for one blip was exceptional.  Coffee was not refilled.  New cups of coffee were brought to replace empty or almost empty cups.  Someone was around often changing the coffee cups and adding water to our glasses.  The general manager, Jennifer, came early to introduce herself and welcome us to Border Grill.  She explained some of the designing done by Feniger/Milliken or their families, and we talked about the way some of their dishes are made.  Jennifer stopped at almost every table while we were there to make sure guests were satisfied or had any questions.

A good start to the new year and I hope the harbinger of many such fine meals.