So I've been going to this Chino Bandido place off and
on for a number of years. Great concept - Chinese/Mexican
(Con)fusion without any pretense. At the original location
by the horsey races they give Chino Bandido virgins the
whole flavor sample deal - you almost get a full meal just
trying all the different possible fillings. So in this
Chandler location I didn't notice that whole ritual. It
is more of just figure out what you want and fill out the order
sheet. 
   The order sheet seems to trip up a lot of folks.
It ain't rocket science or quantum finance, folks. Don't
even look at the sheet. Figure out what you want to eat
first and then look at the sheet (see photo) and figure out 
how to express that. 
  It's easy. You get 14 items to choose from: Carnitas, Chile
Relleno, Chinese BBQ Pork, Egg Foo Yung, Gringo Chicken, Hengrenade
Chicken, Jade Red Chicken, Jen Red Pork, Jerk Chicken, Emerald
Chicken, Teriyaki Chicken, Veggie Salad, Pollo Diablo, and Machaca.
Got all that? Now you can choose to get this as a rice bowl, 
combination, Quesadilla, or Burrito. 
   For the rice bowl, you just choose one item with steamed rice or
optional beans as well. You can also add fried rice for 75 cents.
   For the combo, you can choose two different items (it says 1-20 
but I think they meant 14) and circle either BLK for Black or REF for 
refried beans. Then you also choose what type of fried rice you want. 
JFR for Jerk Fried Rice, CFR for Chicken Fried Rice, PKFR for pork 
fried rice, and PLFR for plain fried rice. This is pretty much the 
full-on big plate. You can also get the items in either a burrito or 
a quesadilla by specifying a Q or B. This way you get a burrito or
quesadilla in addition to your fried rice and beans. 
   You can also get items as Quesadillas. You can mix more than one
item together if you're daring. Same with the burritos. 
   You can also order the rice and beans as a separate side if you 
didn't get the rice bowl or combo and wanted it anyway. You can get
it as a pint or quart as well if you want to take some home.
   Finally, the cookies. You get a free cookie anyway but if one ain't
enough they have a space for you to order half a dozen or a dozen.
   Drinks - pretty much self explanatory. I like this place. I don't need
an endorsement by Guy Fieri to justify my liking this place. This is 
an occasional lunch outing with co-workers when the mood strikes. Lately
I've just been getting Quesadillas and Burritos and skipping the whole
rice and beans thing. I don't need to fall asleep in any meetings thank
you. :) One thing about this location - even though you don't need 
higher education to fill out the order form you might still need a 
sextant, compass, telescope, and charts to find the place. The Google
map makes it look like it is right on Chandler but it's deep southeast 
into the mall. Lots of parking but not necessarily right next to the
place during the lunch rush.