This place has great potential for fun times with a huge outdoor patio and bar. I'm already visualizing the Cinco de Mayo party. The outdoor fire  was lit up on this chilly night and as you walk in, you're greeted by the friendly staff and welcoming patio. The indoor bar area was designed very well, with high tables, low tables and a long bar running the length of the room. The restaurant has a comfortable setting throughout. The music was hit or miss...for a tequila restaurant and bar, I would expect something more upbeat than the Righteous Bros. I think they are still working out the kinks on music but I'd go with your traditional Mexican theme. We don't really need another Chuys. What I mean is...there is room for a legit Mexican restaurant in town so own it. Your space lends itself to the title. The queso and guacamole were crowd pleasers. Chips and salsa were not free. I'm from California and never have I visited a Mexican restaurant that doesn't provide free chips and salsa. Considering your $10 micro-margaritas, I think it's something you might consider. We ordered it anyway and it was average (marinara tasting) but extremely fresh tasting. In fact, everything here seemed fresh and made with care. I would go with the queso before the salsa. The chips were impressive and unique. The margaritas were delicious (legit with lime juice and tequila) but also very small (dusted in a few slurps). There was more ice in the glass than liquid. I think the idea was to let the ice melt but I was too thirsty and the 3-4 ounces were gone quick. Kudos for having local beers on taps. The tacos were in flour tortillas and served street style. Between the 4 of us, I think we tried all of them. I loved the grilled chicken but will pass on the carnitas next time. My chicken taco was hearty but the carnitas taco was quite skimpy and the biggest chunk, a piece of fat. Others confirmed the grilled chicken was good. I didn't hear any comments (good or bad) about the mahi or steak tacos on the other side of the table. The white bean side was interesting. I'm not sure if I would go that route again but I'm glad I tried it. Huge tip: Park around the back of the building. Traveling on Providence towards Uptown, pass The Villa and make your first right. Then take your second right into the clearly marked, The Villa Parking Lot. The entrance to RuRu's is actually in back so it's a win-win. Don't park in front - limited spaces and you'll have to walk around anyway. A large parking lot was a huge plus. Lastly, service was prompt and friendly. The new employees seem happy but it was also apparent that the names of the dishes (all movie lines such as my favorite "Fat Guy in a Little Coat", was a confusing way to name dishes versus calling it, Grilled Chicken Taco. It was fun though. This is a happy addition to Charlotte and I hope they continue to improve on a great foundation. I cannot stress enough how awesome the design of the restaurant and bar are. We also liked the street style taco and small portions for good value. Even with my few not so favorable comments, it's well deserving of 4 stars after two days of being open. I'm sure it will get better and better with time. And, if you want us to buy tequila, then we want to hear some lively music at the risk of changing your Hollywood, eclectic Pandora station.