Yesterday was actually "Take Two" for us here, since we planned on meeting a friend for dinner.  He got called in to work and couldn't make it, but it wasn't necessarily a "tragic evening", because the food here is pretty amazing.

A quirky but compelling mix of Chinese and Mexican cuisine (but NOT ON THE SAME PLATE, thank GAWD!), you're free to mix-and-match however you please, just like the decor, which I can only describe as "Big Trouble In Little Chinese Tijuana."

We started off with chips and salsa. I am a sucker for fresh, warm chips and these pretty much RULED.  Most with a palate for something a little kickier will find the salsa wanting, but having been burned by too many MUY CALIENTE sauces in the past, I found this one just right.

Bear kicked it off with one of the tacos as well - I don't remember which, but the blissful look on his face was recommendation enough for me.  I decided to mix it up with two tacos: the chicken and mole poblano and the BBQ pork with marinated onions, along with "When Pigs Fly": four delicately steamed buns filled with more BBQ pork.  Bear had the "Special 8" Dim Sum - (probably not getting the name right, but I won't forget that taste!) - delicate, tasty jewels of meat, spices and veggies swathed in very light wrappers. I had bites of the chicken and pork...which I will have to definitely try in the future!

It was all A-MAZING. Paired with rum-and-Cokes for me (Negra Modelos for Bear), the tastes of each item are light and exquisite - tender meats, flavorful but not overpowering sauces, but don't sit brick-like in your stomach as most chain-restaurant style Chinese and/or Mexican foods have a tendency to do.  

Because I'd really had a taste for some pho noodles all week (nursing a pretty wicked cold earlier), I knew I wouldn't get them here, but when I saw "Dan-Dan Mian" noodles on the menu, I knew I wasn't leaving until I had some, which I ordered in lieu of dessert.  I love good "Dan-Dan" as much as the next Chinese food enthusiast, but THESE? Not saying it wasn't a healthy sized portion, but these bad boys made me wish for a kiddie-pool sized bowl that I could jump into and do the backstroke in. Oh, yeah.  They are THAT. FREAKIN'. GOOD.

Bear had a dessert I did have a bite of - mangos with a light creamy sauce and maybe pine nuts? - that I made a mental note to have next time we visit.

To sum it up - awesome food, great service from everyone, but most especially from our bartender/server Casey. However, I only have one 'caveat' to present.  When the bill arrived, it did give me one of those "RUH-ROH, RAGGY!" moments when I saw the total.  Not saying you have to be Mark Cuban or Steve Wynn to eat here, but if you have a more-than-healthy appetite - and we do, you may want to put China on your "Special Occasions Only" list.  It's just that all that wonderful food DOES add up (all tacos, dim sum and other items are priced separately), so you may want to have a "point guard" with you to keep an eye on the rising tab. 

Other than that, I would dare say that we'll be back!