An astounding 4 stars!

I do like me some Braddah's Island Style food, my biggest complaint was that it was a bit far from where I live.  No worries any longer with their newer 2nd location!  This one is less than 10 minutes from home!  Can get that Hawaiian-Mexican fusion food whenever the craving strikes!

Thankfully this location is pretty consistent with the original restaurant.  Menu is all there and still intact with all the same dining options.  Tacos, bowls, burritos, it's all there.  This location is roughly the same size as the other one, and the décor is very similar as well.  You got the local Hawaii, easy-breezy feel.  

The Hawaiian 'Chipotle' theme reigns as well.  You pick all of it - meats, rice, beans, salsas, toppings.  I like it, food my way.  

I stayed with my tried and true of all these make-your-own-Mexican places.  Burrito on whole wheat tortilla with chicken (Huli-Huli in this case), seaweed rice, black beans, little bit of the pinapple verde salsa, little bit of the tomato w/ Maui Onion salsa, sour cream, cheese, and extra lettuce.  Yep, that sucker is ginormous!  Good enough for a hungry local boy.

Burrito is still in excellent taste.  Love the sweetness from the Huli-Huli chicken and pineapple verde salsa, the char from the Maui Onion salsa, and the crunch from the lettuce.  So tasty!

Only gripe?  Bring back that damn addicting Pickapeppa sauce from Jamaica!  It made your burritos KILLER!  Sweet, tart, tangy, kick of heat...it was my favorite!  Your house made hot sauces are OK Braddah's but it doesn't compare to that stuff from Jamaica, mon.  In any case, at least add some Tapatio or Tabasco (Jalapeno or Chipotle flavor) to the hot sauce stable.

Don't even get me started on coconut bark.  I don't always get it because that stuff is a bit like crack.  Hard to resist after you first try!  Not much of a sweets guy but I like the stuff Braddah's puts in these little paper bags.  Almost like a drug trade of sorts, ha ha ha.

Braddah's...not bad brah, keep up the good work.