My friends Heather and Joe and I decided to meet up for dinner on a Wednesday evening, and Heather picked Barrio Cafe. I'd never been there before, and everyone is always telling me how good the food is, so I was quite excited. 

Before I even arrived, Heather sent me a text message that I can paraphrase with: The chairs are so uncomfortable, I think I'm going to cry. 

I called her and told her we should go somewhere else if she was so uncomfortable (oh, I should mention that Heather is pregnant ... with twins). Just then, Joe walked in and saved the day (dun-dun-da-da!) with a plush towel he happened to have in his car. Ahh ... Heather's tush was now at ease. 

When I arrived, Joe and Heather had already decided to get the Queso Fundido: Roasted poblanos, sauteed spinach, mushrooms and melted Oaxacan cheese with queso fresco & chorizo. It was served with chips and bread, and it was delicious. 

Joe and I also ordered la Sangria, which is their Sangria made with red wine, mango puree & Jack Daniels. This was also quite yummy - I'd love to try to recreate it at home.

Both Joe and Heather got the Enchiladas de Mole, which the waiter actually hesitated on and warned them that not everyone likes it. Heather and Joe were perplexed ... They like mole ... Apparently some people who like mole don't like the mole at Barrio Cafe ... Flashforward to the end of the meal: Neither Joe or Heather really thought the mole was that great.

I tried something completely different and got the Enchiladas de Hongos, sauteed wild mushroom melange with queso de cabra and aciete de trufa blanca. They pretty much had me at goat cheese (oops, I mean queso de cabra). Complimenting the dish were roasted vegetables that were so sweet .... Mmmm .... the cheese was light and fluffy, and the white corn tortillas were so soft that the enchiladas tasted like a Mexican version of cheese blintzes. 

I stopped myself from over-eating (although, it was so good, it took some major effort), and now I have leftovers to enjoy for lunch tomorrow. Yum!