Went over to enjoy HH with my friend. They had a decently sized HH menu so we were excited to try it out. On weekdays, HH lasts from 2pm-6pm, and the menu features $5 margaritas, $5 pitchers of Dos Equis or Negro Modelo, $2 tacos, and a few other items.

Joyride Tacos is a cute little spot that seems reminiscent of a beach bar. We went at an odd hour, and they were still pretty busy which seemed promising. There was room at the bar so we sat right away, and we were promptly served with waters and some chips with salsa. The salsa was light and very acidic with a very slight kick. 

The server brought over small plates, but the bottom one had crusted food (maybe guacamole based on the color) on it, but he promptly took it back as soon as he noticed. We got the prickly pear margarita and the bloody orange margarita, crispy fish tacos, pork adobada tacos, carne asada tacos, ceviche, and some beer. The pitchers of beer for $5 were smaller pitchers (the same size as they serve at Postino's HH). I don't like sweet drinks much, so the margarita was a bit sweet for me. Also, being from New Mexico, I was not very impressed with the prickly pear margarita nor the pork adovada; the margarita was nothing that memorable but not bad. It was strong at least, which is always good. My friend only said her bloody orange margarita was a lot sweeter than my margarita.

The food overall was a little bit bland. I personally like my food less salty, so if you are like me, it may be a nice change of pace from other restaurants in that sense. However, I know that under seasoned food is not looked upon kindly in restaurants. My friend liked the carne asada taco best as it did have some nice smokey notes, but again, it was under seasoned. The tacos were also a decent size (bigger than I thought they would be. I had expected more traditional sized tacos). The crispy fish tacos were probably my favorite, only because of how crisp they were, but they were also the least flavorful. The pork adovada and the carne asada were both dry.

They were pretty busy, but it did kind of suck that they forgot our order for more beer twice (two different servers too). Another server usually found us, fortunately, but it was a tad bit annoying to keep being told to hold on, while we waited. 

Overall, I think it is a decent HH spot, but definitely not my favorite. I would rank this maybe a 3.5 or 4 star experience. Not sure if I will really return as there are so many good restaurants in the area. Maybe if I am in the area and want some beer and California-style tacos (though I prefer authentic tacos)? Not the worst, but not anywhere near the best.