Within the first twenty minutes of being here, I decided I would give them one (maybe two) stars. When we entered, there was no hostess, so we went near the bar area and asked one of the waiters if we just seat ourselves. He said, "Yeah go ahead, sit anywhere and one of the other waiters will help you." Ok, no problem. We looked over the happy hour menu and decided upon a Sangria ($5), Mundo Martini ($6), Mundo Fries ($3), and Crispy Calamari ($8). If only there were someone willing to take our orders.... Ten minutes passes by and we still haven't been greeted by any of the waiters.

We notice a group of people coming in the restaurant and figure we're sure to be helped before they are. Wrong! The hostess that wasn't there before goes up to them and starts hugging everyone. They're all given a table, menus, and water immediately. That really ticked us off, so Don just went up to the bar and asked them if we're just suppose to order at the bar and bring the food/drinks to our table ourselves. The bartender felt pretty bad that we hadn't been helped at all yet, so she said she'd get everything for us. She took our orders, had water and complimentary chips/dip sent to our table, and brought the drinks over to our table. She was pretty much our server for the rest of our time there. Her customer service alone is what made us decide to give the place another star. Rather than just making us wait for someone else to finally come along, she went out of her way to start serving us on her own even though it wasn't her job. She kept coming over to our table to ask us how we were doing and how we were liking the food and drinks too.

One of the other servers finally came up to us (before we got our food and drinks) and just said, "Are you guys going to be ordering anything?" Seriously!? As if we were just planning on lounging at a dining table looking around for waiters for no reason... That guy never even greeted or said anything to us in the first place. It was really annoying. We told him we waited for a long time, so we just went to the bar to order. I feel like our bartender/waitress did a better job than any of the actual waiters would've done.

On to the food...

This is what really made me decide to give Mundo a four star rating. The calamari dish was probably one of the best I've ever had. I am a big fan of crispy (not burned) food and, just like the title says, the calamari is very crispy. They managed to make it very crispy, but not oily or greasy. It came with two sauces: cilantro serrano and sweet chipotle . They were both very good; It was even hard to decide which one I wanted to dip my calamari in. I would venture out here just for this dish alone. The Mundo Fries (sweet potato and Idaho potato) were also phenomenal. They were very crispy on the outside but perfectly cooked on the inside. The seasonings added to both dishes really intensified the flavors. I could eat both dishes without any dipping sauces and they'd still taste fantastic. Don described the complimentary chips we got as tasting "organic." I'm guessing that's a good thing? I don't know, but they tasted good with the salsa and both of the dipping sauces that came with the calamari (yes, I like to experiment).

To be honest, I REALLY wanted to give this place one star in the beginning, but the more the bartender helped the more I thought to myself, "Oh no, I can't give them one star anymore, she's too nice!" Then they brought out the food and I was totally sold. This is the perfect spot for a romantic date. The ambiance, delicious food, and super nice BARTENDERS really saved my experience.