I love this place!

I can't believe it took me this long to try this joint out, I don't know what is wrong with me!

Ambience: It's located in the beautiful Borgata - well, its beautiful for now, who know once the Condos come in - with two patios: a larger one in front, facing Scottsdale Road (but far enough back that its relaxing) with two awesome fire pits and a smaller patio section on the side. The wall that separates the front patio from the inside of the restaurant is constructed of windows that are able to be raised (like a garage door) to allow an open feel. Today, however, the windows were down since it was a little chilly and despite having heaters on the patio, we decided to sit inside, but next to the window so we could stare at the fire pit. The inside decor reminds me of a Southern beach home with the crisp white ceiling with exposed painted beams and the pops of color with bar stools and tables, which is really fun, but also relaxing. There are two TV's that face each other which limits their viewing to only one side of the restaurant and I also noticed a small, unoccupied DJ booth. We came here for lunch and although there was not a DJ the music was loud and the genre being played is something you might find at a dance club.

The food: We started with the Cheese and Guacamole Cheese Crisp ($9) and two iced teas. While we were waiting for our app and deciding on what we wanted for lunch, we were brought chips and salsa. The salsa wasn't anything special, but the chips were of higher quality than other Mexican restaurants. Also of higher quality was our cheese crisp. I still can't believe how enjoyable it was and I think its because of the mix of cheeses they use (Oaxaca, Asadero and Monterey).  I don't know it, but its definitely an app that should be tried! For our entrees we both went with the tacos, one order of grilled fish ($13.5) and an order of their award winning (the award came from the Taco Festival per the server) slow cooked BBQ pork ($11). Both entrees came with their rice which has corn mixed in and your choice of black or charro beans (pinto beans with bacon). We both enjoyed our entrees which each came with three, palm-sized tacos and we couldn't make any criticism regarding the food or the service. We had a great time.

I took off a star because of the higher prices, I know its supposed to be "upscale" mexican, but $9 for a cheese crisp is pretty step no matter how delicious it is. Regardless, I will be back!