To mix cultures, a Mexican Haiku:

Carnitas tacos.
Tableside guacamole.
¡Vida Cantina!

We stopped into Vida during their grand opening weekend, deciding that 5pm would be a reasonable time to try and catch a table without a reservation.  We were almost turned away.  The patio was packed.  The inside was empty, but about to fill up.  Consider yourself warned.

If you go, you absolutely must try the tableside guacamole.  It is made to order  from three avocados (six halves), cilantro, onions, tomatoes (and who knows what else) in a giant stone mortar and pestle, which stays on the table.  You unfortunately do not get to keep it.  That would be amazing.

This thing is as large as my head and I have a big head.  If you're there with one other person, you should try this before ordering dinner.  It might fill you up all by itself (and it doesn't really keep for the next day).  If you have a large group, it will probably do as your only appetizer.  Even after eating two bowls of chips with this guacamole  - and salsa, which they mix with what seems to be adobo at the table to suit your heat preference - we still had a massive amount left to take home.

For our meal, we had tortilla soup, corn with queso fresco (corn and cheese?  Awesome.) and carnitas tacos.  These might be the best tacos I've had in Charlotte.  The pork was so tender that after my first bite, I wasn't sure if I had any meat in my mouth.  It was that good.  The second bite gave me a bit of the skin, which was crispy and juicy at the same time.  But to eat meat that just melted in the mouth?  Nice.  I actually couldn't finish them because of the guacamole (unlike the guac, the tacos were good the next day).

The only bad side?  I wasn't terribly impressed with the sides.  The rice was average, the corn was decent, but how bad can it be - put cheese on something after you grill it and it's going to be good.  But still it seems like Vida is off to an excellent start.  Service moved along nicely - I heard they had some bumps earlier in the week, but it seems they have them ironed out now.  Why are you still reading?  Go get some of that guacamole.