Over the last few weeks I've been wondering about this restaurant based on the seemingly always full parking lot.  Curious, I perused their website and was impressed.  Their claim of  "flavorful spice" left me intrigued, so I had to see for myself if all the conundrum was true.

It was a beautiful evening, so we decided to sit outside. However, walking through the restaurant I felt the quaintness vibe and liked the simplicity of the decorations.  The bar was down to earth and I'm pretty sure I saw Norm sitting on the corner.  It was charming.  The outside patio area comes equipped with standing heat lamps, so when the sun set behind us, we still felt very comfortable.  The fact that the patio also faced inside the shopping area was nice, so that you didn't notice the busy traffic on Frank Lloyd Wright.

Service was very prompt and I noticed that my glass of tea and water were never allowed to reach empty.  In fact, when they asked to grab my glass I was surprised to find it half way gone.  They serve chips and salsa while you peruse the menu.  The chips are very tasty and no extra salt is needed.  The salsa on the other hand was okay.  We found out later in the meal that they had a salsa caliente, which I would highly suggest.  It was spicy, but anyone could handle it and it had more flavor than the mild salsa.

Tuesday is taco day.  A very good deal if you are on the lookout!  $6.95 for a choice of two tacos and a variety of fillings for any taste bud.  I tried the stacked enchiladas smothered in christmas style sauces (red and green chile), carne adovada, cheese, corn tortillas, and I topped it off with a perfectly over easy fried egg.  It was very delicious.  The pork was tender and flavorful and I'm pretty sure I was licking the plate to make sure I didn't miss anything.  I preferred the green chile sauce, but if you're not sure which way to go, like me, getting the christmas style was the way to do it!  Also, I cannot say enough about the rice.  It was the most flavorful, exciting rice I have ever gotten at a restaurant.  Gone are the days of ignoring the boring rice and beans here, so definitely make sure you try them.

If you're into happy hours, they were offering a dollar off all beers and seemed to have a good variety to choose from.  I also suggest checking out their website.  Every day something different is going on--True Blue Night, and Fresh Catch Friday, to only name a couple.  I'll definitely be checking out their blackboard specials, and perhaps stumble into a couple margaritas as well!  

I was hoping to find the spice and flavor they boasted about and I left completely satisfied.  This is a great place to hang out for practically any occasion without leaving your pocketbook empty.  Why is the parking lot full, I wondered?  Because the restaurant was packed with happy customers.