Now that I've dined at Cantina Laredo a handful of times, I'd say it's the place I'd recommend for people looking for a "nicer" Mexican restaurant. The best way I can describe it is to say that it "fits" in North Scottsdale. Although Cantina Laredo is not (as of yet) a chain restaurant, it definitely has the polished, upscale, corporate feel of let's say, for example, Cheesecake Factory... but it's quality Mexican food.

Every time I've ended up at Cantina Laredo it's been lunch... as odd as that happens to be for me. On one hand, this means I've had the benefit of lunch portions and lunch prices... on the other hand, it means I've never seen the diner menu (I'm assuming the short menu I have seen with the low prices was for lunch only). As of writing this review, there are many excellent two item lunch combos for $7.99.

As with most Mexican resturants, the meal began with tortilla chips and two kinds of salsa... only this time when they said one of the salsas was "hot" they actually meant temperature. They were equally spicy, but one was served warm. The flavors of the salsa varied greatly, which was appreciated.

The first time I dined, I had two cheese enchiladas with rice and beans (of which you get a choice between three varieties). I was nervous when the plate came to the table because it looked like they were drowning in red sauce, but they turned out to be excellent. The cheese managed to keep a great deal of flavor and the sauce turned out to be thicker than it first appeared.

Today for lunch, I had a cheese enchilada and beef taco combo. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the beef was what many other lesser Mexican restaurants would describe as "steak" although it also felt a little drier than I would've liked it. I still managed to "clean my plate", hence the positive review. My dining companion had a chicken enchilada and chicken taco combo and was very pleased as well.

This brings us to the desert tray. I did not have room for desert at the end of my meal... in fact, I ate waaaaay too much, but I passed the tray on the way to my booth (it's very strategically located so you see it before you start your meal). With the caveat that this is totally hearsay, I have it on "good authority" that the double chocolate cake is nothing short of amazing. Next time I go I think I'm going to leave room for either that or the flan.