This was my second visit to China Poblano, although my first visit was last year and it was limited to a couple dumplings and some drinks.  This time my wife and I came for lunch while the Cosmopolitan was getting our room ready.  The restaurant has one of the cooler buildouts in town - stylish and chic yet still comfortable.  The design aesthetic borrows from Chinese and Mexican traditions, much like the menu.  What was interesting to us was that we didn't sense much "fusion" between the two traditions - they menu is segregated between Chinese and Mexican dishes.  We had a mix, but no single dish we had really fused the two cusines.

Let's start off with a story.  Just after we sat down, a party of 4 sat next to us.  After a quick look at the menu they asked the server why they didn't see quesadillas and burritos.  The server explained that China Poblano's Mexican fare comes from the cuisine of Southern Mexico, while they were thinking more about the food along the US border.  The server expertly encouraged them to give the place a try, and they wouldn't be disappointed.  No dice - they got up and left anyway.  The server told us that happens a lot.

That was their loss.  We started with the special Chicken Tinga Tacos with chorizo, onions and potatoes, which my wife and I LOVED.  The potatoes in particular made the tacos, and they went great with the sauce, one of my favorites in the Mexican lexicon.

We also really enjoyed the Don't Be Jealous Hot and Sour Soup.  This was not your traditional Chinese hot and sour soup - the color was much darker, the sesame flavor really popped, as did the cilantro.  It had much more depth than we expected and was almost smoky.  

Of the Lucky 6 Sui Mai, we liked the scallop sui mai the best, then the beef and then the traditional shrimp & pork.  All were delicious though, and sui mai is always a personal favorite, whatever anyone puts in it.  

The Shrimp Mojo was good too, but the shrimp was a little overwhelmed by the sweet black roasted garlic.  It was a good dish, but I'd have preferred a little bit more shrimp flavor. 

Fun place with good food, but you have to like Chinese and Southern Mexican flavors, which my wife and I absolutely do.