Vegas, Vegas, Vegas. At some point in the last 5 or 10 years with the growth of the food celebrity industry and everyone becoming acquainted with terms like truffle oil, amuse bouche, and chevre, Vegas became a hub for Michelin stars. Most of this of course happened along the strip in the newer, or newly remodeled, hotels, so when you go to Vegas you should expect to spend lots of money on gambling, bottle service, and restaurants in a ridiculously tiny stretch of land. That is why I was surprised that apparently there is good food to be had off the strip too, and in this particular instance, in a place called Yayo Taco.

Ambiance (4): It's across from UNLV so its ramshackle environ is perfect for the location. It reminds me of a beach shack that you expect surfers to frequent, with lots of writing and graffiti on the walls and artsy items here and there that you expect to find in up and coming art districts frequented by hipsters. The no fuss shack setup compliments the simple yet great tacos.

Food (4): I love true tacos. What do I consider true tacos? Five ingredients or less served in double small corn tortillas. No hard shells, no shredded cheddar. They had a selection of about a dozen tacos. Half were classics like carnitas while the others were more adventurous like green chicken curry or Texas bbq, which in fight were two of the ones I tried. The green chicken curry was especially good with a tamarind chutney that said ''hello old friend'' as I chomped down on it (I loved tamarind juice as a kid although I did not like the fruit itself). On the classics side I had carnitas and al pastor and they were great. Not as good as my favorite spot in San Francisco, but definitely good and all of the above tacos stuck to the five ingredient parameter. There are other items on the menu like quesadillas and burritos, but I did not try those and frankly, it'd be a waste to...unless you are one of those burrito fanatics I guess. The side dishes are ok and vary in quality. One day I had pretty good rice and the next day not so much. Skip the sides.

To top it all off, Yayo has an impressive list of tequilas and beer. I am talking about what appeared to be like 100 beers easily. How they prevent the less popular ones from getting skunky, I have no clue. Maybe the UNLV students have a very varied palette and cycle through all the inventory in a timely manner. Bottomline: impressive drink selection.

Service (4): Friendly and down to earth staff. You can order and sit down or sit down and order and either way they will come over to your table and be attentive to your needs.  

Value (4): If you are an UNLV student you would be crazy not to eat here a few times a week. The price per taco is good and they have a good combo meal that will definitely fill you up with tacos and sides.

Overall: This place is awesome for the value and the food (in that order). I was impressed and I am bound to go back next time I am in town for work and have a rental car at my disposal. I wish I had had a place like that back when I was in college; I would have consumed a lot less Lipton's Noodles & Sauce (99 cent special) and Pizza Hut Express breadsticks (1.49).