I've been wanting to go to this place for a while, as it seemed to get good reviews on Yelp, but the original place off of Charleston Blvd. is a little far.  When I heard one opened near the Wynn, I thought I'd check it out with the family.

I had the adobada and carne asada tacos.  Both were good in their own respect, but I liked the adobada tacos the best.  Having gone to a few places like this around Vegas, you can definitely tell the difference with the quality of the meats and tastes of their spices.  I thought we had bought enough for the family, but it ended up everyone ate their share or was planning to eat their tacos.  So, I ended up buying some more adobada tacos, which was yuuumm yuuummm, again.

My sister-in-law had the lengua (tongue) tacos and she thought that was really good as well.  I'll definitely come back and try this taco, but will definitely get the adobada tacos too.

There were two drawbacks for me, which prevented me from giving it 5 stars.  First, the price is $2 per taco for most tacos.  I just feel weird paying $2 for tacos this size.  I'm used to paying 4 tacos for $5 at other places, granted the tacos are a wee-bit bigger here.  Instead of paying around $6 or so at other places, you end paying $8-10 (plus drink).  But, I guess you pay for the quality and taste here.  Initially, I thought it was because this place is on the Strip, but looking at the menu pics for the other Tacos El Gordo in Yelp, the price was the same. =(  The other issue is that they don't sell refried beans, which for some reason my 2 year old son loves and mixes it in with the tacos.  We were worried that he wouldn't eat them, as he gets picky at times, but to our surprise, he wolfed down his carne asada tacos.  This reinforces my thoughts on the taste and quality of the meats. =)

Although the price is a little more expensive per taco, it is worth it and as mentioned, I would come back to this place.  For folks visiting from out of town and staying in the Strip, the price is definitely good, compared to the cost of food at the hotels.  I would recommend others to try it.