I really enjoyed our dining experience here. If I could live on a diet of  just salt air margaritas, I would.  What a delightful concoction! We went for more of a Mexican feast than Chinese, so here is the breakdown.

The Tacos: 
Pancita al Pastor (slow-cooked pork belly/ pineapple) - Great play on flavors. The pork belly had good crispness to it and complemented the pineapple. 

Viva China* (soft beef tendon/ Kumamoto oyster/scallions/ Sichuan peppercorn sauce) - My husband's favorite. Great fusion taco. The tendon was cooked just right. 

Silencio (duck tongue/ fresh lychee) - Neither of us had tried duck tongue before, so we had to try it. FANTASTIC! The sauce had a bit of spice to it that really made work. 

Barbacoa de Res (Oaxacan-style barbeque beef/guajillo chile/ pickled cactus paddle) - The was a big taco filled with flavorful barbacoa and nopales. I'm not sure if it was worth the price, but it was tasty. 

Carnitas (braised baby pig/pork rinds/ spicy salsa verde cruda) - This was the favorite of the night. The carnitas were perfect, but the addition of the pork rinds really made this taco off the chain! We could have eaten 10 of these. 

The Rest:
Huitlacoche Noodles (wild mushrooms/ fresh Mexican corn truffle/ knife-shaved noodles) - The huitlacoche actually worked well in this dish. I wasn't sure going in, but felt adventurous. The noodles were cooked perfectly. This is a dish that is big enough to share. This dish was surprisingly spicy, so beware. 

Queso Fundido (melted chihuahua cheese/tequila blanco/fresh tortillas...with chorizo) - TASTY! Maybe a bit expensive. It reminded me of being with family in Mexico and eating fresh tortillas off of the comal with cheese. 

Mango Sticky Rice - The was actually a cream of sweet rice on top of Mango shave ice topped with crispy rice (think rice krispies) and fresh mango. Very refreshing! 

Our server was attentive and the manager even came by the see if we were satisfied. Overall, we had a pleasant dining experience.