I dated a chef for five years.  I learned how to chop onions and find good places to eat and act smug when we got sent special food out.  About three years into our relationship she helped open up Much Gusto.  She was a "creative consultant" for the menu and our roommate was the restaurant manager.  We also knew the chef she was working with and I often recall this chef as I dine there, who once told me a story with his thick Mexican accent about doing shrooms in Mexico and then burning all of his pants.  She only helped open the place, working ridiculous hours for about a month, and then when the kitchen and menu were in order she moved on. 

Even after she moved on from the opening, Mucho was a go-to place for a while.  Out roommate ran the place so one holiday when the restaurant was closed we got to go in there and cook our holiday meal in their kitchen, partake in the bar goods and act like big shots having the place to ourselves.  I have a million memories of staying after hours around the fire, on the patio, drinking vodka tonics and talking about food and music and people.  These are fond memories, so perhaps my review of the place as a current dining experience might be biased.  But I don't care, I'll always love Mucho. 

This was many years ago, I believe the owner is the same but the menu has changed, the chef has changed and we've been broken up for many years; she slings food at FnB and I date boys now instead of girls.  What's odd though is that despite it being a spot which was a staple in my past life with her it has upheld the test of time and become one of the boyfriend and I's favorite places for good food and tasty margaritas. 

The best thing you can order at Mucho are the flautas.  These are absolutely perfect; juicy and spicy and perfect with this tangy, thick sauce that kills me every time.  We also never fail to order the Quaso, as melted cheese with tortillas are just perfect in making you feel fat but also releasing two millions endorphins.  Most times we visit Mucho we split an order of the Quaso and an order of flautas and it's the perfect amount of food.  The margaritas are always well prepared and it's worth it to have like four if you go for happy hour.  The salsa is actually spicy and the bus boys are way better at refilling your empty chip bowl than the servers.  

Another thing I love about Mucho is that they play good music.  It may seem menial, but the stupid mainstream bullshit music that makes its way into most upscale-yet-not-fine-dining places is repetitive, crappy and mostly annoying.  I've heard Mucho play some bands I wouldn't normally expect to hear in such a place, and am always surprised and pleased by it.  As in, "holy shit they're playing old school Modest Mouse.  Weird."

The only complaint I have about Mucho is, of course, the service.  It's true what the other reviewers say, the service is slow, all the hot chicks that work there seem a little dumb, and you always have to wait forever for more drinks and sometimes they just plain forget.  Usually when we go to Mucho we're planning on hanging out for a while so it's not such a huge deal to wait, but I can understand how it gets annoying.  

They need to stop hiring hot chicks and hire some smart people instead. 

Recently, I went to Mucho for my 25th birthday, probably about five years after my first visit to the opening, and ate on the patio with a couple of close friends and partook in a cozy and memorable dining experience.  But like I said before, I'm biased.