Was in town over 4th of July weekend, had heard about this place here on Yelp, so figured to give it a try. Figured to skip the strip and head to TEG instead for lunch. It's a short 10 minute drive up I-15, and pretty much right off the FWY (after a couple turns). As has been mentioned on here, this new TEG is a converted gas station (You know how when you go to like an AM/PM or QT/BP/Race Trac to get gas they always have the one-stop-shop building behind the pumps where you pay for your gas and grab snacks/drinks? Yeah, well that's what this TEG is). I don't mind it at all, but they need to invest some money to get rid of the area in the parking lot where the gas pumps used to be, and make that into parking spaces.

Anywho, back to the review of TEG lol... So yeah, we went there for lunch on July4th. We were expecting the place to be packed based on Yelp reviews. To the contrary, the place was semi-desolate (I counted only 7 different patrons in there eating while we were there). So that was pretty cool. Judging by those who were there, it seemed like many locals frequent the place, at least during the afternoon hours. 

There was only 1 person in line in front of us, and so ordering was easy. It was our first time there, and I had read that you had to get into different lines and what not. We didn't. We just went to the guy standing behind the counter to the far right, and placed our order, and simply kept walking over to grab our order accordingly (sort of like the lunch line when you were in grade school). 

I skipped breakfast that day, because I wanted to make sure that I had a big appetite so as to taste as much as I possibly could, this being our first time. I ordered myself 3 tacos Al pastor, 3 tacos of asada, and 1 regular order of steak fries. Moms ordered herself 1 taco Al pastor/ 1 taco of asada and 1 sope of asada and she ordered pops 2 tacos Al pastor/ 2 tacos of asada.

Coming from LA, the land of all things authentic Mexican, we came in wondering how authentic/good TEG would be compared to the LA fare, and let me tell you, the Al pastor tacos were DELICIOUS! My parents commented on just how juicy they were and how tasty the meat was. We noticed the Al pastor tacos are put in different (smaller) double-tortillas, whereas the asada tacos were put in larger (single-tortillas). I'm going to assume this is both to make their bread/butter tacos (Al pastor) taste better, but also to possibly save on meat (granted, they do load the tacos with meat). While the asada tacos were good, I much preferred the Al pastor tacos (Not sure if it was the tortillas or the meat, or a combination of both), but they just had a better flavoring/taste than did the asada tacos. 

I am very glad I ordered a regular sized portion of the steak fries, because I was unable to finish it. To be honest, the steak fries were just meh to me. Nothing special about them. I mostly ate the meat/toppings and a few fries. It would have been nice had the fries been crispier and less soggy, and at least with some taste to them. (I grabbed a couple of fries from the bottom without any meat/toppings to make sure it wasn't my taste buds messing with me, but nope, the fries lacked any type of seasoning to them.) I'm going to assume they don't really season their fries, expecting you to use the meat/toppings as seasoning-- But other places, they really season their steak fries and you merely add flavor to it with the meats/toppings, not here.

The asada sope moms had, she thoroughly enjoyed and raved about. She said it was very well done, and the sope was tasty and not overdone. It helps that they have the masa (corn flour mix for the sopes) right there in front of you, which means they're making the sopes to order, rather than having them sit under a heat lamp-- This really makes a huge difference in the taste of any food (fresh vs stale). My parents are suckers for fresh made roasted tortillas (aka tostadas), and moms noticed they had them right next to the sope mix, so she asked for a few tostadas, which the kind lady was generous enough to give her 5. We're not used to eating sopes with tostadas, and so what my parents did was, they used the tostadas instead to add the excess meat that had fallen off their tacos unto the tostadas and drizzled them with the great tasting in-house salsas they had available. 

Overall, we had a pleasant (and cheap) lunch experience at Tacos El Gordo, and certainly will give them our business next time we're in town. Myself, I'm definitely loading up on just tacos Al pastor and having my fill with those.