My Girlfriend had suggested this restaurant and wanted to go for her birthday.  So very glad that we did!  First the web-site.  Impressive, easy to navigate and very informative!  When you get there, you notice a very nice outside seating area.  Informal but intimate.  It is summer though, and I didn't see any misting system, so I don't know how much use this will be during the hottest months of the summer.

Once inside the doors... BEAUTIFUL! The staff is well trained and even if no one is at the hostess stand you are noticed and spoken to immediately!  The interior is beautifully appointed!  Who ever was their interior designer....rock on!  The waitress was there as soon as we were seated, was professional, made excellent recommendations and was spot on with all her knowledge in helping us with our choices.
I highly recommend the pork shoulder, very tender and juicy.  The food is prepared and presented elegantly but not presumptuous.  Portions are small but the quality is high!  If you are a big eater, this is not the place for you.  If you are into food for the taste and preparation to enjoy well prepared food that has a little bit of a different twist... this IS the place for
 you!
My negatives, and why I can't give a full five stars is because of the seating and lighting.  Although I understand that they were trying to make the most of  space, the bulk of the tables are done in long booths with chairs on the opposite side of the table.  This means that you have tables (in most cases) immediately to the left and right of you.  While conversant with your table, you are privy to the entire conversation of the tables on either side of you and vice-versa. I find this distracting.   The mane private table requires a group of at least 6.  So, privacy is limited.  The lighting is very low, which while adding to the atmosphere, does nothing for trying to read the menu.  I would be fine with this if there was enough candle light on the table to tilt your menu to to read, but that isn't even close to adequate.  If the servers offered a pen-light, that would be the ideal.
That all being said, I have no problem recommending this restaurant and will happily return.
Every thing was timed well as far as when our different food items came out.  We were never rushed.  I like that!