This place really impressed us on our last visit about a week ago. We had been here a few times before but this most recent visit prompted a review write up.

My father in law, his wife, and my husband and were seated very promptly for our early dinner (about 5:30pm) on a Saturday night. We were seated at a window table with an incredible view of the town. We were immediately greeted and our drink orders were taken.
Renee and his team were ON THE BALL! our orders were taken, our drinks were always filled and chip bowls never empy. I never even had to request anything being the guys were VERY aware and observant of what was going on and never missed a beat in making sure we had everything. It really depends on preference but i did not feel they intruded or interrupted our dinner and conversations. 
The meals were great, and always is so I dont get why people comment the food is not very good. I have tried multiple dishes and it has always been as good as any other nicer Mexican restaurant. Yes, the prices are higher, almost all shrimp dishes were 18.99 but you can get the combo meals towards the end of the menu at reasonable prices of about 11.00. This is not Roberto's, Cafe Rio or anything similar, this is a nice restaurant to expect to pay the price. 

After finishing our meals, we continued to order drinks and Renee and his guys basically left us alone and we did not feel rushed so we took our time to enjoy the view, drinks, and great conversations. 

I will say the only minimal downsides were the parking as usual, if you dont get there early, parking is very limited so you have to park at the parking lot across or along the street. 
Also, there was a larger party seated somewhat close to us that had crying babies so that is not the restaurants fault but was a little distracting. 

The overall experience definitely made for an excellent night out. 
Try and get seating on either corner end of the restaurants where it has great views, feels a little more intimate, and is also quieter than the main center seating area.