The only reason I ended up here on a random adventure is because my pops hit 2k at Aria within the first 5 minutes of being there. Random day indeed, but happy as ever. He treated us all to Javier's because he loves lobsters enchiladas like you wouldn't believe. He indeed had that and he said it was amazing. I cannot attest to that since I do not enjoy seafood much, but I will take his word for it. 

As for me, BEST rice I have ever had thus far in my lifetime. I am a big big fan of (Spanish) rice. Anytime I can get it, I will. Unless I already know it sucks at a certain place, then that is a no go. However, Javier's is delicious, moist, mouth-watering. Whatever positive adjective you can think of, that is what it is. I wish I would have gotten more to go, but I was so full it didn't occur to me until later on when I was craving it. 

The next best thing I had was the chicken enchilada and the crispy chicken taco combo. This is usually on most menus of the Mexican restaurants I go to, but of course I had to compare my favorite. The enchilada was good, but not exploding in my mouth good. The sauce was a bit on the spice side for my taste buds, but not too overpowering where I needed to drench my mouth with water. And the chicken taco was stuffed with crisp bites all the way. Usually tacos just have a little bit of chicken on the bottom and that's it, but this one had chicken with every bite. It was really good. And of course the beans were good, but not as good as the rice my friends! 

Next, I washed it all down with a very delicious, but kind of on the small side, pomegranate margarita. They actually topped the drink with fresh pomegranate. It was very good, but for the price, I was expecting an actual margarita glass and not a rocks glass. Still good though. 

Lastly, and my absolute favorite is the decor and atmosphere of Javier's. It is a dark glamour like feeling when you walk in. There was a lot of tree branch designs coming out of the walls, but my favorite was the one that held multiple bottles of what looked like tequila and other variations of liquor.  It was so pretty, I wish I could have it in my future house. The next best thing was the back wall mural of skulls and skeletons. It was just so mesmerizing to look at. I could stare at it for hours, just examining each piece (4). 

This place is very expensive in some areas of their menu, but not too bad in others. My dish was only 19, not sure how much the drink was. I would save up to come here again for sure. Perfect for a nice date night. They also have a bar in the front. Such a neat place.