For my 2nd birthday dinner I chose the Rokerij. My hubby & I met my parents there at 6:30pm this past Sunday. I was kinda bummed we didn't eat down stairs but the main dinning room was very cool so I wasn't too disappointed. Even though we had reservations, we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. Once seated, we had a big, comfy booth with throw pillows, next to the fire place. & I know some people don't care for it but I loved the dim lighting! 

For starters we ordered the beef tenderloin toasts & calamari. The calamari was good but I didn't like the dipping sauce. It was too sweet, I prefer cocktail sauce. I'm pretty sure I said the beef toasts, not brie, but she brought out the brie. Still delicious but would have loved to try it with the beef. I would have said something but the service was so slow & our server disappeared for 10-20 minutes at a time. She seemed...high...on life maybe? Hmmm... 

Any way, for our entrees: my mom ordered the chimayo chicken (Richardson's menu), my dad the prime rib (Rokerij menu), my hubby the garlic shrimp pasta (Richardson's menu) & I ordered one of the specials-a trio of fish: salmon, mahi mahi & swordfish. For sides: 2 meals came with a salad, 3 meals came with their famous green chile potato, 2 meals opted for asparagus & 1 opted for zucchini. My mom did not like her chicken at all but loved the salad & asparagus that came with. My dad liked how rare his steak was cooked but said the horseradish sauce on top ruined the taste for him, loved his zucchini though. My hubby loved his garlic shrimp pasta & salad. I loved my trio of fish & asparagus, so yummy! Those of us who got the GCP did not really care for it, we must be a group of wimps because we found it to be too spicy. Very creative side dish though! 

Our total came to about $185, not including tip. We did have about 5-6 cocktails, plus 2 apps & 4 entrees. So I guess it wasn't too bad price-wise but my dad thought it was way too expensive. Maybe because he was footing the bill? Well, I think my hubs & I will come back for happy hour perhaps & I really want to check out the down stairs!