I don't know how this nice, but not too expensive restaurant right on the canal in The Venetian got so overlooked, but the three of us were seated right away on Valentine's Day.  We weren't in the "patio" (along the canal), but were beneath a graceful arch and close enough to see the gondolas drifting by - actually they were maneuvering quite a bit because it's near the embarkation point.  In fact, the only thing separating us was a small group celebrating a wedding - I thought it a very suitable venue for a Vegas reception....more of a choice to forego the big church wedding and Italian honeymoon instead of a we-can't-afford-it substitute.  Well, that's the vibe I got since they had obviously put in a lot of attention to detail with the nicest spot, table set up, cake table, etc.  Well, it lent some romance to our dinner since we weren't a menage a trois, but there with our teenage son.  The menu was very tempting - there were a few things we couldn't decide between.  Looking over at the next table, I recommended that my son order a dish full of shell fish, chicken skewers, and delicious looking bread; it turned out not to be quite enough for him.  The ceviche appetizer was sufficient as an entree for me though - the tuna was good, the shrimp and olive too salty, and the third not memorable.  Oh, another diner came over and asked me what I thought of it, so the dishes match the menu description very accurately!  My husband had the succulent pork, and we shared a carafe of strong (I felt) sangria.  It would have been nice if chips and salsa were included instead of being offered separately on the menu (duh, restaurateurs, I probably could have handled more sangria then).  I'm recommending it for kids also because watching the boats is pretty entertaining, it's noisy anyway, and I imagine the railings are close enough that they can't slip through.  I think this place was mentioned in one of the in-room magazines, but in this case, it wasn't all hype.  Besides the tastiness, the setting and presentation make it truly special.