Gallo Blanco is a Mexican restaurant in Phoenix that serves up some quality Mexican cuisine.  No Tex Mex here, instead you can find street style tacos, a creative elote, and some pretty good happy hour specials.

My Overall Rating - 4 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)

Atmosphere - Gallo Blanco is adjacent to the Clarenden hotel, so if it's your first time you might miss it.  Inside you'll find an open and modern space that matches the food perfectly.  There's also plenty of outdoor seating and bright colors everywhere and a bar if you're looking for more than tacos.  1 Star.

Service - Our servers were great.  Even though the food took some time to come out, they checked in often.  We sat outside on a cold fall afternoon, but our outdoor heater was out of fuel.  They were kind enough to move a working lamp to accommodate us.  1 Star.

Food - Get the elote.  Gallo Blanco serves this up on a whole corn, placing the sour cream and spices on top.  You then strip the corn off directly.  It looks amazing, tastes great, and was a really creative way to serve elote.  I liked it more because it limited the amount of sour cream.  The guacamole was also great.  Fresh, and with pineapples mixed in.  They used big chunks too, and I thought it was great.  They tacos were good not great.  The beef reminds me of Korean bugolgi marinated beef.  It was sweet (which is ok with me).  Shrimp and fish tacos while fresh, weren't any more memorable that other places I've been too.  So while the appetizers were great, our tacos weren't as good.  1 Star. 

Will I Return? - Yes.  Kids eat free, and they have great happy hour specials.  I'd return for those reasons and the elote/guac.  Gallo Blanco is solid, cool, and definitely worth a return visit.  1 Star.

My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):
1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.
1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.
2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.
1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. 

Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.