I can't believe I waited so long to come here! How many tacos, enchilada's and nachos have I missed? It really frightens me to think of this...

I wish I could say this is the whole package, but they're missing one thing I love in Mexican restaurants. But, we'll get to that later! 

While you head down the stairs to the basement, you may think, why am I going down a weird stairway to a creepy basement? But then you walk into the doorway downstairs and it's a beautiful restaurant! All dark wood with grand wooden tables. The decorations are everywhere, while borderline tacky, they're fun to look at. Especially the large picture of a blue haired warrior (I think warrior??). 

The server was super friendly and attentive and our apps and meal came out in what seemed like five seconds. Granted we were there around 6:30pm when it wasn't too busy, but it sure seemed hoppin' by the time we left around 8ish. 

I was excited to order a margarita, and even more excited when it came in a large shaker. Time to party!! It was good, but it wasn't awesome. I think it was a tad too sweet for me. Maybe a little less triple sec? But for $12, I'd say it was a good size.

There's literally 8 different salsa's to choose from, which can be a bit overwhelming. But if you want spicy or mild, fruit or veggie, it's all there. We tried the verde and the chipotle, and both were very good. I thought the chipotle was way different than I'd ever had, but I really liked it. Plus the chips were fresh and homemade. 

I ordered the enchilada, but switched it up with shrimp instead of chicken with a $2 up-charge.  It came loaded with lettuce, sauce and 3 corn tortilla's. Plus, white rice. I love me some sauce, so it was nice to mix in with the rice. And the enchilada was very tasty. I actually could go for one right now... hmmmmm....

So what was wrong? I was bummed about the gauc. It wasn't good. It wasn't bad. It was just lacking seasoning. I really thought it would have been awesome, being that the I have high standards with their taco stand out front. Hopefully that will get better, but I will surely be back to house some more food in the near future!