After my last review, Lenero's manager contacted me to see if I would like to come back for a complimentary experience in exchange for a revised review.   I called ahead on three separate occasions in an attempt to redeem this offer, and she was never at this location.  Other staff seemed unable to help, so on my third try I got them to admit Stacie had left, at which point I spoke to manager Ricardo.  He agreed to honor the offer, and I told him I would be in after six that night with the same dining companion.

We returned on another Wednesday night, and this time all the booths were full. Staff of two ladies greeted us promptly and cheerfully.   We again sat at the bar, and (after checking the draft prices which are not listed on the menu), I ordered a Kiltlifter for $4 on happy hour.  Not bad, for a premium high test draft.  I did not care for the loud hip hop music, but I tuned it out and focused on the food.  It did make it difficult to hear our server, who was right across the bar from us.  If the bar had not been empty, maybe the music wouldn't have seemed so loud.

Chips and warm salsa arrived right away.  The chips were hot and fresh, not crumbs!  And didn't appear to be bagged, or were at least very high quality fresh bagged chips.  Immediate improvement from my last visit!  The warm salsa has a pretty good kick to it.  I like that!  We asked if there was some milder salsa, and they offered pico de gallo, which was tasty and suited companion's mild tastes.

We ordered the queso fundido appetizer on happy hour for $4. It was served with warm tortillas, and we tried both the flour and corn, which our server said were both made in-house.  The flour tortilla was clearly homemade, a little thicker and smaller but delicious.  The queso was served in a hot crock, and although the sausage was not present in much quantity, the gravy with the cheese was delicious.  Server checked on us regularly, and after trying both types of tortilla, I ordered the carne asada tacos on flour ($8), one chicken and two steak.  Companion was not familiar with Mexican food, and didn't want to try the highly recommended green chili chicken enchiladas (I plan to try them on my next visit).  So I suggested a burrito of carne deshebrada (shredded brisket, rice, beans, cabbage). 

The burrito is huge.  It is accompanied only by sliced romaine and a slice of tomato.  Companion did not care for the burrito, which included grilled cabbage, not raw, and felt squeaky in the mouth.  We got the guajillo sauce on the side, and I devoured this rich, smoky sauce with my tacos.   The same grilled cabbage appeared in the carne asada tacos, which I had assumed would be topped with the cabbage in raw form.  But I really enjoyed the tacos, especially the excellent and flavorful beef.  Tacos were also accompanied by sliced romaine and a thin roma tomato slice.  

I requested a taste of the charro beans, as the meals did not come with side dishes.  I didn't think I could eat a whole side of beans, but a little taste was perfect, and I am so glad I tried them.  The charro beans are excellent.  With bacon and a thick broth, I would order a large bowl as a soup entree!  They are that good!

Our waters were filled regularly, and server was attentive.  When the time came to pay, I asked to see manager Ricardo.  He was not there, and apparently had been gone for hours although told server he would return.  Hmmmm.  After explaining our situation, server was baffled.  Call him, I said!  He agreed over the phone to take 50% off our bill, which I felt was fair given most of our last meal was wasted.   I decided not to hold it against him that he left without informing anyone of our conversation.  Dessert was offered, but we had leftovers, so we didn't order any more food.  

All in all, I am pleased with the improvements.  What a difference three months and new management makes!   Keep up the good work!  I will be back to try those enchiladas!