This place is great.  Both times I've been, I've had the roasted garlic plate (definitely a must) and the carne adovada.  I've had carne adovada at other places, but nothing compares to Richardson's.  The garlic plate is interesting -- it's basically a handful of roasted elephant garlic with different chiles and dipping sauces served with these little hard miniature toasts.  It's so incredibly dark in the dining room that you can't really see what's on the plate, so we just blindly spoon stuff on the toasts and munch away.  It's delicious!

If you're a fan of carne adovada, I highly recommend trying their version.  It's off-the-charts good.  The portions are very large -- I pecked away at my plate for an hour and still had to take half of it home with me.  Both times, I ate it the next morning with a fried egg on top.  SO GOOD.

The atmosphere is great.  Others described it as "cozy", but you might also say that it's small and cramped.  The tables are roomy but it's hard to get around in the place without bumping in to people.  We sat up at the bar once and people kept knocking in to us.  Both times we have gone were on a Thursday night for dinner and it's been PACKED.  Once was at 5:30, and another time was around 7pm.  If you have a party of 4 or more, it would be very wise to call for reservations, otherwise plan on waiting a while for a table.

The complimentary valet parking is a nice added touch.  

Both servers we have had were outstanding.  Last night, I knew they wanted our table (there were just 2 of us sitting at a large booth), but we never felt rushed or unappreciated.  The first time we went, we sat up at the bar to eat because the dining area was full, and the bartender was incredible.  She kept our drinks full and made some fantastic recommendations for dinner.  I wish I remembered her name because she was excellent.

The only reason I rated this place 4 stars instead of 5 is the lighting.  It's INCREDIBLY dark inside.  I've never been to a restaurant that was this dark.  Lots of bars do the dark lighting, and that's fine, but it's hard to see your plate and the menu with such dim lighting in the dining area.

Whenever friends and family visit from out of town, this is one of the places I take them, and everyone has loved it.