***Jose Andres' China Poblano in the Cosmopolitan Hotel scores a mediocre score of 3 stars on Yelp, but I found all of the food (I had two of their savory courses and 1 dessert) to be good to very good***

China Poblano features a mix of contemporary Mexican and Chinese dishes.  Some dishes are gussied up with contemporary cooking techniques or high end ingredients while other dishes veer more on the fusion side.  

I started with one of their tacos--a carnitas one topped with guacamole, fresh lime and chicarrones.  I thought the fillings were great.  The carnitas was moist and tender.  It was also nicely seasoned.  It had a good flavor and wasn't too salty (which happens a lot with carnitas).  The guacamole was cool and refreshing and it was a great contrast to the warm and savory carnitas.

The chicarrones were crispy and light.  The soft corn tortilla was fine, but it wasn't a good vessel for the meat juices.  The only problem with the taco was that it was too wet.

I also has the twenty vegetable fried rice and it was very good.  The rice had a nice soy flavor, but it was not too salty.  The vegetables provided great contrasts in textures, but with that many vegetables, which were cut up into small pieces as well as paired with a flavorful rice, the individual flavors of the vegetables were (as expected) kind of lost.

Still, there were a lot of vegetables including fresh greens, crispy sweet potato, haricot verts, squash, turnips, carrots, asparagus, Brussels sprouts, and watermelon radish.  There were also proteins like soft tofu and scambled egg.

For dessert, I opted for their flan and it was very good.  The flan was incredibly smooth, creamy and light like a panna cotta.  It was topped with a great cajeta gelee (rich caramel flavor).  There was also cajeta ice cream (incredibly dense and a great rich caramel flavor).  The plate was garnished with good pineapple, which was not too tart.

Service by the bartender Victor was excellent; he was incredibly personal and helpful with the menu.  You could tell he really wanted all of his customers to have the best experience possible.

Prices are not too bad considering that it was Vegas.  The fried rice dish was under $20 and it was a very generous portion.  Some portion sizes seem small in a few dishes when considering the prices (like the tacos), but it is still a better value than the many overpriced Vegas restaurants serving just so-so food.

In terms of the decor at China Poblano, the bar gives you a view of the chefs making the dim sum.  There is a main dining room, but I wasn't a fan of the tables (they kind of looked like what you would find at a gourmet order-at-the-counter spot).  Overall, the decor was forgettable and not that great.

I thought the food at China Poblano was good.  The food was pricey, but Vegas food tends to be pricey and there are places in Vegas serving much more expensive food that is not nearly as tasty or refined as what you can get at China Poblano.  I think China Poblano is a good spot for an upscale lunch.  And since the same menu (with the same prices) is featured at dinner, it is a good spot for a nice dinner with a more casual approach and more reasonable prices than the many overpriced high-end dinner places in Las Vegas.

I believe the Cosmopolitan offers both complimentary valet and self parking.