Pleasantly surprised after reading all of the bad reviews. It seems like the service might be hit or miss here, we got a hit! Me and a girlfriend tried this place after I purchased a Groupon. I was really excited - we have Cuban friends and they've cooked food we consider real comfort food.

We were seated promptly and our drink order was taken. I ordered an original mojito and my friend ordered a mango mojito. When the waiter came over to card us, he flirted with us both, "No... you're not really over 21? Such youthful faces - very beautiful!" Needless to say we'd started out on the right foot. 

Moments later our drinks arrived - super fresh mojitos served in little glasses. I was skeptical about the portion size not being enough for me (mojitos being my favorite drink) but it was strong and so flavorful I sipped at it all night without need for another one. When the bill came it was $7.50 for this tiny treasure. Not sure I'd pay that much again - and my friend's flavored mojito cost her $8.50. I wish they wouldn't raise the price a whole dollar for some flavoring. 

I ordered the Arroz Con Pollo (chicken and rice) because it's my theory that they probably had the basic traditional dishes down to a science. I wasn't disappointed. The dish was big enough to split between two people (I think it was $14). The chicken (although dark meat) was tender and fell right off the bone. The rice was flavorful and cooked well, and I can't say enough good things about the fried plantains that came with it. They were cooked perfectly!

My friend had the Vaca... something something. (By the time she explained to me what she'd ordered I think the mojito kicked in.) It was super flavorful shredded chicken served with white rice and black beans. I felt like the chicken was dry when it was alone, but the combination of everything in the dish was wonderful. She had no complaints - ate the whole damn thing. 

We took our sweet time having dinner - we spent well over an hour here and never felt rushed out. Our bill came (52.98 before Groupon), we paid, we left. At the end of the night I was highly satisfied and I'd certainly go back. Not so sure I would order alcohol here again, but it was such a nice addition to the meal that I certainly would be tempted.