Short Version: 
     Food - Excellent
     Service - Decent but not stellar
     Ambiance - Relaxing
All in all, this place should receive a 5 star review but there is always something that doesn't go quite right on each visit so it falls from the lofty 5 to a 4.

Longer Version:
Every year we come to phoenix for 2 - 3 weeks.  Blue Adobe is always a must for at least one night of dining.  The Blue Adobe night starts with an afternoon baseball game followed by a walk in the McDowell Sonoran Preserve.  A short drive latter puts us in the restaurant at twilight.  Because of the time we have never had a wait.  Coincidently enough on our four visits we have always been seated at the same table.  

The restaurant is dim but not gloomy.  The ceiling is high and painted black for the faux outside ant night feeling.  The tables are not crowded on top of one another. The floor layout is clean and there are dividing walls to keep the place from being just one big room filled with table.  It is well decorated with charming simplicity.  The overall effect makes this a relaxing and comfortable place to eat.

The host staff warmly greeted us adequately took us to our table.  Upon leaving they said goodbye (and not in that fake hostess that really means get the heck out of here).  The servers have all been fast, efficient and friendly.  The wait staff has always worked well as a team.  Meaning that if our waiter was doing something else, another waiter might help bus a plate as she past.  The wait staff seemed knowledgeable (to a degree) on the menu and was willing to help us with our decisions.  While each sever did a better than adequate job it always lacked something from a stellar or amazing experience.  None of them were amazingly friendly or attentive - just more than enough to get the job done.  Plus there were always two or three things that each server did that was not quite right.  Like on the last trip, my quesadilla did not come with enough dipping sauce so I asked for some more sauce.  The server said no problem but he had neglected to mention that there was a $1.00 charge for extra sauce.  Now the one buck was not an issue it is just that he should have given me the information and an option to make a decision.  Add to this: reaching across me to get another dinner's plate instead of walking around the table and not waiting for us to respond to his question "how is everything?" before leaving.  These are small issues but take the service from high (5) to just over average (4).

Now for the reason to dine out: The Food!
For four years I have used the Blue Adobe as my benchmark for judging Mexican restaurants in Phoenix.  I have only come across one that I find is truly serves better food (Los Sombreros Mexican).  The lobster dip appetizer is creamy and flavortastic!  The shrimp quesadilla with mango salsa makes my mouth water months after having eaten it.  The two make a great way to start off a meal when shared with the whole table or combined for a single meal for one.  Over the years we have tried various menu items and have found all to be tasty.  Items of note are: Big D liked the staked enchiladas. He described it as a unique and fun way to eat excellent food.  He loved the Taos combo (but traded the shrimp enchilada to J for some of her Chimichanga.  J calls the chimi one of the three best she has ever had.  She also shrimp cocktail rellenos and complains that she has to choose between the two entrees.  While M may tri other items on the second visit each trip - the first one she gets the Raspberry Tenderloin.  She finds the unique combination of raspberry, mango and pork to be awe-inspiring.  I stick with the apps as a meal.  We have even tried the Oscar Medallions as an appetizer - wonderful choice.  Delicious meat with the taste of crab is a unique thing to savor.  Add some sweetness through the mango salsa and you are one step closer to heaven. 
On the down side food wise:  While the lobster macaroni is almost to die for, they charge $25 for a portion that is too small to be called a meal for even a child.  We all agree that the crab cakes are passible but nothing to rave at and have a weird after taste.  The seafood enchiladas, the lazy tacos, and the Las Cruces kabobs all come with salmon and shrimp but feature the salmon with shrimp as almost an afterthought.  Since we are not big fans of salmon this was not great for us and they did not seem willing to cook it with just halibut and shrimp.  

Overall, the food is outstanding.  For most items the price is reasonable, portions are good and the sides fitting.  Because of some less than great experiments - the combined feeling of the foods is a 5-.

This place should receive a 5, but the service just pulls it to the 4.5 and I can't round this one up.