Today is a day packed with first for me.  First time trying the new Cookie Butter shaved snow at SnowFlake Shavery (get it with Oreo and Caramel Sauce).  Then after dessert dinner at the new Komex location that just opened today!  Ordered the Beef Chow Fettuccine, another first for me. And also the Daeji Bulgogi (Pork) Nacho, possible a first for me again.  Yep.  1st. First. 第一次. #1? Four 1sts, not very lucky for a Taiwanese person. 

I can also add not knowing about this "grand opening" of the new Komex second location to the list of my many first too. Making it a not lucky, but more importantly not unlucky 5 firsts kinda day. 

So I came here after getting some desserts.  One of my friends, Will, was disappointed with the pho he just had at one of the local Vietnamese restaurants.  Michael K was down for some dinner.  So I just tagged along, even though I should have stopped after taking on a Monster.  The real secret to my girlish figure (just for Tu Anh), SnowFlake meal replacement, but you have to have it plain without the condensed milk (exception for the nuts as toppings is okay).

The restaurant is huge compared to their first location, even though it has the same capacity.  The decoration is minimalistic but still Fluffy-approved, a lot of bamboo related decor. 

After looking over the menu, we decided to just ordered two full sized items.  It was a good thing too, because I didn't feel like batting cleanup or having leftover.  Simply put, you get a lot of food for what you are paying.  A definite plus for feeding a family or large group on a nominal budget.

The Chow Fettuccine with Beef was good (just $8.50 for a full order). Nice flavor, but I felt it was on the greasy side.  We still killed it like it was one of Michael K's famous Macha Cheesecake with Strawberries.

The Daeji Bulgogi (Pork) Nacho is big too.  Flavor and freshness of the ingredients are good, I just wanted more of the meat along with the salsa, cheese, etc. with my nacho.

Service was great. The waitress,in spite of having just a tenure of 3 whole days or 72 hours or less, was impressively knowledgeable about the menu and the questions the others threw her way.  Food came out fairly fast, even though some thought we would be waiting forever because of that party of 20 that was seated ahead of us.

Overall, I enjoyed the experience here, food could be better, but still a good time getting mild verbal abuse from a good friend about giving up on liberty and the pursuit of happiness, and possible 6-figure annual income leasing out my soul to Wall Street.

Even though it took over from a defunct bar, and the bar is still there, no alcohol is currently being served here.  Beer and wine liquor license is in the works, until then order a kids friendly beverage.

3.5 stars.  Can't beat the portions you get here, and a definite must for people that wants leftover so they don't have to cook for the next 1.5 days.