Now those my friends, were some $12 tacos.  

I know what you're thinking, who in their right mind would pay $12 for some tacos?? I know this, because I was thinking the same exact thing.  Personally, I have issues paying just about anything over $4 for tacos, because I happen to think that's all there worth.  I know I sound like a cheapskate, but I'm really not, I swear!  For a good piece of steak or a nice piece of fish, I expect to pay much more than $12, but there is something about tacos, maybe the fact that I can get spectacular ones at Loco Patron for $1 and $2 on Tuesdays that makes me not want to break the bank.  But, I digress...

I was sitting at home on Cinco de Mayo feeling sorry for myself and content to remain there for the rest of the night, when the lovely Christina P demanded that I get off my ass and come meet her for some late-evening grub at Padres.  As you can imagine, especially with my tolerance for obnoxious drunks, I was not looking forward to going to a Mexican restaurant on this holiday, where I was certain I'd want to punch every patron in the place.  However, Christina P assured me that Padres was not my typical Mexican Cantina and that I would like it.  With the promise of booze and friends, I shot out my door like lightning.

And boy am I glad I did! Yes, Padres was annoying at first with the seemingly 800 people in attendance and nowhere to park, but I was immediately put at ease with a quick beer and a fun bongo driven band to distract me.  We were sat fairly quickly considering how many people were there, and that is where my love affair with these delicious tacos began, and everything went kind of blurry from there.

At our poor overworked waitress' suggestion, I ordered the short rib tacos.  I scoffed at the price, $11.99.  I further scoffed at the fact that there were no drink specials and it was Cinco de Mayo and we were at a Mexican Restaurant.  After a little sweet-talking, she agreed to give us Happy Hour beer prices which is all I could've asked for.

And then they came out.  They didn't look that remarkable at first, oversized, which was nice considering the price, but nothing special...until my first bite.  It was literally the most tender beef I have ever had in a Mexican restaurant, at any Arizona restaurant period.  They melted in my mouth.  They were rich and flavorful.  I had to consult Nathan S. to make sure I wasn't dreaming these magical tacos up, but he confirmed I was lucid and spot on in my diagnosis.

Now those were some $12 tacos...best $12 I've ever spent.