Serrano's Mexican Restaurant is the classic example of not judging a book by it's cover. I know I've driven by this place multiple times before, but simply never noticed it. Oddly enough, it's taken the place of an old Taco Bell on Sunset, right in between Green Valley and Mountain Vista. Inside is nothing like a Taco Bell though, or any other fast food place for that matter. It's bright, clean and nicely decorated. It is a full fledged fast casual restaurant with booth and table seating, a sauce bar, drink fountain, etc.

Because it is more fast casual, there isn't much in the way of service, but the guy we placed our order with was nice and informative. I had some questions about a few things on the menu, as well as if they made some of the sauces and pepper mixes in house (which they do), and he answered them all without hesitation. It's also a nice touch that they bring the food out to you when ready, and will ask if you need anything from there.

When it comes to the food, there's plenty of options. I like that everything on the menu is actual Mexican food, and they have stuff you don't normally see, like ceviche. Everything is reasonably priced and we decided to share quite a few things that came out to only about $50. 

From the appetizers, we started with the Ceviche and Queso Fundido. The fundido is a blend of cheeses that comes out ooey and gooey but nice and thick at the same time. It's got great flavor that goes well with the warm corn tortillas served alongside it, or their fresh chips, which are served with the ceviche. And the ceviche is pretty dang good too. They are a little heavy on the tomato, but the amount of citrus is spot on. I really like that they use Mahi-mahi in it, and serve it with what looks like almost an entire half of fresh avocado. This is one of the best ceviches I've had in town, and the portion size is huge for only $8.99.

On the main dish side, we also shared a couple Pastor Street Tacos and a Chipotle Shrimp Burrito. While the pastor was a tad on the dry side, it still had great flavor. I did have to add some sauce to it, but they have a great variety of sauces, and the tacos were decent with a number of them. The shrimp burrito on the other hand was a huge surprise. It was packed full of plump, juicy shrimp, rice and a delicious chipotle sauce. It didn't taste like a plain jane jarred sauce, and the shrimp was cooked well. It was also only $8.99 and served with both rice and beans on the side. Other reviews mention how great their shrimp tacos are, and if the burrito is anything to off of, I can't wait to try those.

Aside from having great food, I think Serrano's fresh sauce and in-housed pickled peppers really make them stand out from other fast casual Mexican restaurants. They have a good variety of house made sauces ranging from mild, to hot sauces that use serranos and habaneros. Their pickled peppers are unbelievable, and good enough to be eaten either on their own, or on top of other food. They even have a whole wall display with popular bottled sauces if that's your thing.

Overall, Serrano's is definitely a place that has a lot more to offer than what you'd think from looking at the outside. Don't just drive by or you'll be missing a very worthy stop. It's a bit far from me, but I'd definitely come back without thinking twice.