SOL is one of our favorite casual restaurants in the Scottsdale Quarter shopping area.  It's located on the North end of the Quarter, so I recommend parking in the North Garage.  

They're known for their Tacos...and they deliver the goods!  Some of the menu items I've had here are:

Naked Guacamole (Hass Avocado, Cilantro, Lime, Onion, Serrano, Tomato), $8.75

Chorizo and Mushrooms con Queso (Chorizo, Mushrooms, 3 Mexican Cheeses, Serrano & Scallions), $12.50

Street Taco Flight (2 each Carne Asada, Carnitas, Chicken Tacos), $18

Vampiro Taco (Cheese, Serrano Chile, Scallions,  Carne Asada, Guacamole, Pico, Chipotle Sauce, Cotixa Cheese), $6.75

Taco Buffalada (Chicken, Carne Asada, Carnitas, Cheese, Onion, Guacamole, Pico, Radish), $6.50

3 Carne Asada Tacos, $14.50

3 Carnitas Tacos, $13.00

My favorite out of all of the Tacos is the Vampiro Taco.  It's full of flavor and has a unique taste to it.  The Buffalada Taco is a close second....although I think mixing all of those Meats together on one Taco is a bit much.  Their traditional street Tacos (Carne Asada/Carnitas) are very good, but I prefer eating those from a hole in the wall Mexican restaurant.

Their appetizers are very good too.  The Naked Guacamole is amazing, so is the Chorizo and Mushrooms con Queso.  Those two can fill you up though, so don't order too much food if you decide to go with one of those apps.

The service here is so/so.  When it gets busy, the attentiveness of the servers declines....and this place gets very busy, especially at dinner time and happy hour.  Whenever it's busy, we have to wave down our servers to keep our glasses full, order more Wine, etc.

The vibe here is pretty cool too.  When the weather is great, the patio is a nice place to be.  However, when it gets hot and the misters turn on, it can be a bit too much.  The misters on the patio pump out a lot of water....too much in my opinion.  It's kind of funny because it looks like a tropical rainforest when they turn on the misters in the middle of the Summer heat....there's a massive "fog" and it can get you a bit soaked.  I joked about it with a bartender one night and he said that the misters are controlled by the shopping mall and not by the individual businesses, so they have no control over it.  Oh well, it makes for great people watching.

Return Factor - 95%