We biked down after work today to try out fuego's newest restaurant, and if you know me at all though, you know my real motivation was the froyo next door. It was the "let's try out the new Fuego" that convinced my wife to go. ;)

Fuego cityscape brings you a collection of the best of their options from their collective menus. We came in during happy hour and shared the pork quesadilla and chicken street tacos. The food is eerily similar to fuego taco and fuego bistro, but I can't say much about how it relates to fuego cantina in north phoenix, since i've not been there yet myself. If you're a fan of Bistro or Taco, you'll definitely enjoy the food here also.

The pork quesadilla was definitely a winner, not sure what was in the sauce which topped the juicy roasted pork, but it was sweet, tasty and defintiely worth ordering. The chicken tacos were a solid choice, but I'll likely skip them and try something different next time.

There's not too much room for them to work with in this new location, but they did ok with the space. The ambiance isn't exactly what I was expecting from Fuego, it's sort of a mall food court chic, or qdoba / chipotle looking layout. The soda dispenser is out in the middle of the dining area, and what looked to be a counter over looking the kitchen area. I wasn't sure at first if we were supposed to sit then order, order then sit, fill our own cups, wait to be seated - I'm thinking they are likely utilizing the space from the last tenant (vitimin t tacos) with no modifications.The wait staff happliy directed us to a table and began asking about drinks and food, wich eased my over all confusion. 

And no, I didn't have to fill my own drink glass.

Over all, I loved the food, but wasn't too excited about the ambiance and layout. It seems to be setup to suit more of an on the go lunch crowd than an after work or evening dining experience. If I come back again, I'll likely try the meatloaf sliders, also a happy hour deal at $6. Who doesn't like a good meatloaf?