I came across an article on Gallo Blanco and was intrigued by the write up that I wanted to go and try it. The chef is Doug Robson who was born in Mexico, and came to local fame as the original chef at La Grande Orange. 

On a note of whimsy my wife and I decided to make the long haul from the North Desert Mountains down to that resurging downtown Phoenix area. Of course I'm always skeptical on the idea that down Phoenix is turning into a real downtown where people are on the streets after 5pm. However; one has to be careful using this measure as a sign that turnaround is happening as no one is on the streets on a hot September night.

Upon arriving at the address the navigation system lead us to, I recall thinking "this just doesn't look good". The building was one of those nondescript 8 story 1970's building with a  "Clarendon Hotel" sign and in another boxy red sign "Gallo Blanco". At the door to the Clarendon was a glowing orb that was reminiscent of something Spock may have had in his bedroom during "Pon Farr".

Summoning up the courage of the force, we got out and ventured into this quirky environment and I'm glad that we did. We entered through the hotel and the restaurant literally runs into the lobby although they are two very distinct and non related businesses. The restaurant itself reminded me of the scene in Seattle in the early 90's. It was youthful with a funky vibe going on and had Chicano art dotting the walls.
 
We decided to sit in the bar as it seemed to have a lively scene going on. Our waitress was a very hip and cool gal, from of all places, New Jersey by way of Colorado. My wide ordered the White Sangria and I asked our waitress what she recommended. When she said that they fresh squeeze all their juices, I immediately ordered a margarita. You used to be able to find a good margarita in this town, but now all you find is syrupy pre mixed crap. Well this, my friends, was a great and fabulously refreshing margarita. You just can't go wrong with fresh squeezed lime juice.

After tasting the margarita I noticed that they also had Augua Fresca's and I had a feeling these would be good as well. We ordered the Honey Dew fresca and Wow, what a refreshing drink and not to sweet.
We ordered some appetizers, as we like to sample a lot of different flavors at new restaurant. We started with the guacamole. 

They charge for chips and salsa but if you order the guac they bring chips and salsa. The guac was very good, but the chips left a little on the table. Of course I am a chip snob and only fresh made chips piping hot ever perk my interest. I found these a little flat. The salsas were okay with the tomatillo being good and the red salsa being a little spicy but nothing stellar. They were also served in squeeze bottles. Guess the economy has impacted everyone.

We decided to order one more app which was the "Chicarron de Queso", or for the laymen: "Fried Cheese". While this has nothing to do with Chicahrrones its fried Manchengo cheese and is really good, but extremely rich, which our waitress  did warn us about. 
After that we each ordered the entire line up of Tacos (steak, pork, fish, vegetable, and shrimp). They are served street style with little fresh made corn tortillas. 

The fish tacos were made with Alaskan Halibut and were delicious. The steak tacos had a wonderful flavor and the pork tacos created a "tacos al pastor" simulation that was devine with a fresh bit of pineapple to sweeten things up.  The shrimp taco didn't disappoint, and the vegetable tacos were the surprise of the night with a wonderful fresh and inviting flavor. We also ordered a Mexican ear of street corn. This is grilled and rolled in some mayo and Cojita cheese..yum yum yum.

At this point we were just too full for desert. The food has a wonderful freshness to it and I would definitely go back again. We have heard that the "Chilaquiles Verdes" are really good as well.

Dress casual, adopt an easy going attitude, and leave all pretense at home and you will have a wonderful dining experience here. It does give one hope that central Phoenix may indeed be making a small comeback after all.