Okay, first of all, Tuesdays and Wednesdays are totally jam-packed and you WILL have a wait, so be patient - the food is worth it.  Tuesdays are all day happy hour - nuff said there.  Wednesday is Salsa night and that is apparently a very big deal.  I am a Tuesday night girl, myself, for the obvious reason.  I actually stayed at the Clarendon this week (the funky hotel in which this restaurant is located), so I have eaten here more this week than in all my previous weeks (over a year and a half) in Phoenix.  The food is truly fabulous and they have great drinks, too.  

First the food.  Their tacos are all delicious.  My favorite for the combo of low calories and big taste is the grilled fish taco.  They are small, and inexpensive, and are on happy hour special before 6 and all day Tuesday.  The other tacos - the pork carnitas, shrimp, veggie - are all spectacular, and the salsas (served in those old timey squeeze bottles like you see mustard served in diners) are muy delicioso!  The salmon is delicious and perfectly prepared with a honey glaze.  Everything has a little kick to it but nothing is super hot.  Their breakfast is super good and non-typical, if you are looking for something special I suggest trying their huevos rancheros - but it is not like Mama's.  No red and green chile sauce, just a nice spicey tomato based salsa, and lots of it.  They make a great salad wth kale and (wait for it...) corn nuts.  I'm not even kidding, and it is reallllllly good.  

My friend had the posole and while it did not look like mama made it, either, she assured me it was amazing, and it looked delicious.  The guacamole is creamy and not spicy, but there is the aforementioned yummy salsa/hot sauce on the table so you can adjust to taste.

They have some decent wine selections at an affordable price - some $5 happy hour specials that were awesome.  They also have some fancy drinks with fruity stuff in them, "aguas frescas" spiked or not, and other specialty drinks, as well.

The wait staff has always been friendly and professional, with the exception of a very snarky and obviously overly-impressed-with-himself bartender.  I thought after the first time I caught the rudeness that he might be having an off day, but having been at this bar 3 or 4 times now it is clear he is just a jerk.  He is rude to everyone, not just me (that might be understandable but he was rude to my sweet friends who EVERYONE likes so this time it isn't me.)  And quite put out to be asked for a drink at any hour and no matter how many or few customers he has.  He is the only reason I didn't give the place 5 stars, because it is hard to avoid him when you have to wait 30 mins for a table.  Call ahead or go a bit early and get yourself a table because the food is awesome and everyone else there seems very nice and helpful.