It may be 100-plus degrees outside, but that isn't going to stop me from sitting on one of the prettiest patios in the Valley for dinner. I went to Old Town Tortilla Factory in Old Town Scottsdale, which combines two of my favorite dining elements-a classy atmosphere with tasty Sonoran-influenced food (the menu also has Native American influences, too).

The restaurant is known for its gorgeous outdoor seating, with candlelit tables and twinkly lights decorating pecan trees throughout the patio. It also has a really cool outdoor bar, which serves excellent margaritas-I had a Blue Agave Margarita ($8.50), with Blue Curaco-it was really sweet, which I liked.

I had been there once previously with a big group, and while everything went smoothly then, things this time were a little rougher. Our server, who was busy with several other tables,  didn't write down our order, and the chips and salsa ($4.99) we ordered came after our salads, only after we asked our server what was up.

I got a Tequila Lime Salad ($4.50), which was amazing and would be a great meal in itself (there's also a dinner portion for $8.99). The leafy greens were topped with refreshing pico de gallo and covered in a tequila lime dressing that had the perfect amount of tart to it. It was so good!

I also really liked the yummy handmade tortillas that were delivered to every table, which were accompanied by a really scrumptious butter. I could have had a meal of that alone!

For my entree, I ordered the Green Enchilada, with cheese and tomatillo sauce ($13.99). Even though I specified I didn't want chicken in it, the enchiladas came with chicken in them, and I didn't have time to eat a new order, which I had to take home. It's just a reminder that no matter how uncool it may look, servers should write down orders to get everything out right. Having disappointing service sort of made the beautiful surroundings a little less appealing, but I would probably still go back because the food, when it comes out correctly, is so delicious.