I was craving some messy goodness so I decided to come here since there has been so many positive reviews.  

SERVICE BREAKDOWN:
When we first walk through the door, there were 4-5 seats with 2 people already seated.  I thought there was a line so I sat and waited to be asked how many in my party, etc.  Nobody stopped by, nobody acknowledge that we walked through the door.  

After waiting about 5 minutes, I finally asked the 2 people next to me if they were waiting to be seated since they just got done cleaning 2 tables and was told no, and that they were here to pickup their take out.  I was extremely unhappy since I was starving and really wanted food!  I actually reconsidered going somewhere else to eat... 

I finally had to stop a waitress and told her I needed a table for 2 and she told me to wait a few minutes.  Thankfully a minute later we were seated.  

After all that misunderstanding, the service quality quickly turned around.  The waitress, who I believe is the wife, was friendly and polite.  All the staff stopped by our table throughout the meal to make sure we liked everything and check if we needed anything else. 

FOOD BREAKDOWN:
Chips and Salsa (complimentary) - I really loved that the chips were made there and not the typical store bought ones.  The salsa and guca was not spicy which was fine since we werent told that it was spicy.  I did like that they had a spice tray (similar to the ones you would see in a Thai restaurant) so you can really make it spicier if needed ^_^

Fusion Chimichanga (Fried Burrito topped with Enchilada Sauce, Marinated Cabbage, Onions, Cillantro, and PIco de Gallo) - I picked the Spicy Pork as the meat of choice for this dish and it was flavorful but had no kick to it whatsoever.  I will say for the price ($7.99) the size was completely worth it ^_^ It was pretty much the size of my head which was totally awesome!  The chimichanga was loaded with the topping and served on a warm plate.  This is not something you cant eat with your hands!

Fusion Bulgogi Nachos (Meat, Mozzarella Cheese, Pico de Gallo, Jalapeno, and Korean Hot Sauce) - We did a half order and I wished i got the full! This was my favorite thing out of the two items.  I wish other restaurants made their own chips cause it was what made the dish!!  I loved that you can add Kimchi without any additional cost!  It was so delicious that I need to go back and order this again.