This is definitely a go to spot when I'm in Vegas and if you're in town you should give it a try but that being said I would lean more toward the Mexican side of the menu (not because I'm half Mexican either) and less on the Chinese side. So for the record I love Chinese food...I do live in Alhambra...one of LA County's Asian food Meccas.

I was hearing about how bomb China Poblano's tacos were and I was like "ahhh tacos are tacos"... right? 

NO...not so much. The first time I ordered we ordered Lobster, Carnitas and Chicken tacos. Each taco has it's flavorful meat lay on a freshly made warm tasty corn tortilla. Also, a bit of fresh in house made salsas that are loaded with flavor and not so heavy on spice and some fresh cilantro are added.  I have to say each and every taco I tasted was fantastic. 

However, the stand out star of the show in my humble little opinion is the Carnitas Taco, it is a very succulent braised baby pork meat... but it is topped off with an in house made small fried pork rind. Can I say that after I had that little added crunch in my taco...I thought to myself "why in the hell didn't I think of that". If you've had chips in your sandwich you know what I'm talking about. This extra little crunch make it pop and sets it apart from all other tacos. Ohhh...yum! The freshly made guacamole is so so good, perfectly made and even there chips are very very good and there just chips!

In addition to ordering the tacos the first time we ordered some Chinese food too. I love veggies ...very big on vegetables and among my favorite is eggplant. Naturally I ordered the Dancing Eggplant from menu and the Lemon Pepper Shrimp dish. The shrimp was a little to spicy for me personally but it was fine, nothing to write home about but not bad. 

The only item that went array was the eggplant. I don't understand how anyone could go wrong with eggplant...it is so meaty and absorbs flavor when cooking it like no other veggie. Not only was this the worse eggplant dish I've ever tasted it was the worst tasting food I've ever eaten period! I think it must have been steamed and it was if someone sucked all the flavor and life out of it...nasty. Sorry CP it was bad. Hence the 4 stars instead of 5. However, as horrible as that dish was everything else I've had and every time I've eaten there I enjoy it. 

By the way you can dine in or order take out...and eat it in your room. Oh and it is on the pricey side for tapas style food...but hey it's Vegas :) . Enjoy!