I walked into Ta'carbon this mid-Sunday afternoon as a referral from a Hispanic friend,    "You want real Mexican food, then go to Ta'carbon." 
So there I went. It is a Mexican fast food (comida campesina) restaurant. We walk in around 4pm and  it is packed. We overhear that is normal. I look up at the menu board that is right above the front counter. The menu is in Spanish with English subtitles I inwardly smile and think,  "how appropriate." having lived in Mexico I don't particularly notice the language difference,  but on seeing the menu I  look around and realize the clientele is almost 100% Hispanic. Me and one other the exception. I think,  maybe this restaurant does serve real Mexican food. My anticipation meter subtley rises. 
I look up at the menu board and decide right away to order one of my favorites, Tacos al Pastor. When I resided in Mexico City for a few years that dish was a perennial choice. I would be able to judge well the quality of the Ta'carbon food with my previous experience with these tacos.
I told the wife (the Sinaloense) to go ahead and order for us. She enjoys organizing things, she took immediate control and starting working the ample salsa bar while I went to find an available table. It was crowded so I worked to find one. There is a nice selection of salsas a cream green smooth and light,  a tomatillo with a little bite and two reds with a moderate and a heftier spiciness. The condiments are fresh and tasty. 
After the Sinaloense finishes setting up our condiments I begin to feel perplexed. The restaurant patrons are quiet. It's noticeable. It's strange. I learn back and take in the restaurant's panorama. What is causing this quiet ambience? There is background music, mariachi,  of course, it is ubiquitous Mexican white noise,  the perfect element for Ta'carbon. The eating area I is a little hot. There are four ceiling fans: two are silently whipping around, one is limping along and the last one is on an extended siesta. Mexico! 
It's warm but not overly so and more importantly the clients don't care,  they keep streaming in. The serious quiet attitude of the patrons continues to intrigue me. Then I notice it. I see the source and am surprised. The source of the seriousness flows from the countermen. The behind the counter team is absolutely unique. Being a gringo l am accustomed to the tried and true clutch of obsequious smiles and attitudes of wait staff. In Gringolandia that is what consistently works - this is not Gringo Land. These boys in matching red polos are serious about what they do and they express it in every move and motion. They move in an almost militaristic precision with their only strategic objective as pure customer satisfaction. In dealing with the customer they are completely focused, serious with no hint of a smile or obsequiousness and they treat everyone exactly the same. In walks a young Latina with every curve perfectly placed as she saunters up to the counterman he focuses completely on her order his eyes stay fixated on her eyes. He's utterly professional what a relief it must be for the customers to know that everyone from olive cleavage to octogenarian dentures receive the same exacting service. The countermen could be aptly described as the Mexican cooks 'Seal Team' Red; dedicated, disciplined and focused. This professional quiet aura is transmitted to the customers. It's magical. 
The tacos al pastor arrived,  they were delicious not dry, but moist.  The small hand - made corn tortillas were on the side just like Mexico City tacos. The tacos come desegregated allowing one to construct them as one wishes. So the Sinaloense and I happily constructed away. She drank an agua de limón and I had Senorial,  an excellent Mexican soda just right for tacos. 
As we got ready to leave after such an intriguing experience and a sumptuous meal I saw a sign on the wall,  it read,  ¡Viva México! Roughly translated it means,  Long live México! I left the restaurant thinking,  "Yeah, viva México and viva Ta'carbon!