Having grown up in LA and being a HUGE fan of mexican food I'm always skeptical about eating "posh" mexican food.

Before we get started with the review, DO NOT go to this place if you are expecting "typical gringo mexican food".  What I mean by that is if you want oil soaked enchiladas with a heaping spoonful of refried beans with 3 lbs. of cheese covering a scorching hot plate and chile rellenos, crunchy tacos, and the 3 item combo from a place like Chevy's, El Torito, or Macayos, then move along.  Otherwise, keep reading.

I ordered the carnitas street tacos.  The carnitas were tender inside and slightly crunchy on the outside which is a result of the braising process but also the pork slightly frying in its own fat.  They weren't greasy though, and came dressed with salsa, onions, and cilantro (hence, street tacos, like the ones you get in street taco shops).  But the flavors were outstanding.  No shredded cheese or heaps of lettuce either, which added to the authenticity of this food.  These were served with black beans and rice on the side which was nothing special, but really I didn't need anything overly overstated.

Yes, paying around $12 for 3 tacos is exorbitant, especially when you pay $0.50 to $1.00 per taco in Mexico.  But come on people, it's Vegas.  If you want cheap there is a La Salsa around the corner.  And when you take a street taco and refine it to up the gourmet quality, it really was worth it.

They serve the obligatory chips and salsa, and I would best describe the salsa as being a more coarse molcajete style salsa. 

My friend ordered the steak nachos, which were unconventional but delicious.  They were individual flour tortilla chips with a slice of grilled steak, cheese, and beans with a jalapeno slice on each chip.  Those were delicious as well.   

All in all, I would highly recommend the food, but have an open mind, especially if you are expecting the same ol' american style mexican food.  Certainly hole-in-the-wall taquerias have their merits and strengths (some al pastor anyone?!) but this place provides a more upscale spin for a tasty lunch.