What I love about El Encanto.

1. The ambiance. I have been coming here for years and I read some of the other reviewers comments about dining on the patio and flies or poor service. I have had both here. So I can see that you could have the misfortune of happening here when either of those are occurring, but do not let it deter you from trying again or trying for the first time. I have been to this restaurant more than 50 times and on the whole the service is above average with some experiences being excellent, and any flying nuisances have occurred maybe twice. In Phoenix, there ARE certain times of year that flies run rampant and are virtually unavoidable outside and are not at all a sign of a lack of cleanliness on the restaurants part. There is NO other place to sit than outside on the patio, inside feels dismal and like you are in a subpar mexican restaurant. My children go nuts for the duck pond and I happily dig in my purse for supplies of quarters as it buys me minutes of serenity to sip on my marvelous margarita. This alone is why I visit again and again. So let's talk about the margaritas.

2. The food. I have had dishes I love and dishes I hate and dishes that were just, well, meh. I agree that this is not "authentic" mexican food, but the pollo fundidos make up for that in taste. I ADORE their margies and I like theirs frozen. They are tart and strong and by the time I have had one and are a sip in to the second, the tranquility washes over me. The feeling like I have been exported to an exotic country (save the room full of sun visor wearing cave creek golfers in my immediate view) with my children gleefully dumping hand fulls of feed at the ducks just within my view and I know longer care ALL that much about the food that just got served. I much prefer the food at their sister restaurant along the carefree highway, El Encanto Dos. So here I typically stick to fajitas or fish to avoid the caloric heavyweight of the pollo fundido. I know fajitas are a cop out, but let's remember, I'm here for the margaritas and the duck pond.