The reviews have definitely been hit or miss for this place, so I don't know if the planets were aligned correctly or good karma for taking care of homeless animals is paying off, but my visit to Chuy's was a good one.

On a Friday around 11:20 am - way ahead of what is probably a busy lunch time - I was seated quickly in what looks like a table and chairs set that was pulled from a diner in the 1950's.  Bright, vibrant colors abound.  The music was a bit loud when I was sitting in the way back room all by my lonesome, but it tempered as either the crowd filled in or someone else asked them to turn it down.

My waiter, Adan, was pleasant and efficient - fantastic.  I had never been to a Chuy's before, so after deciding on a fajita burrito, I needed some help with their sauce choices, which he helped me narrow down based on my preference for not much heat, and no need for a meat sauce on a meat burrito.

The food:
Complimentary chips and salsa - chips are light and crunchy, semi-heavily salted, served with a fresh-tasting salsa.  The salsa was a bit heavy on the cilantro for my cilantro-hating tastebuds, but for normal people I think it would be serviceable.  
Queso ($6.29) - I twitch when I see queso for over $5, but whatevs.  It was payday and my day off, and this is a SouthPark restaurant, so let's do it.  Cheesy, creamy, nice texture and a mild kick to it that wasn't overpowering.  The light chips did have a tendency to break in the queso, but this fatty wasn't going to let that slow me down.  It was a crock of dairy goodness (and a relatively large serving).
Beef Fajita Burrito ($9.99) - You never know what you are going to get with a fajita burrito - some places place a 1" chunk of fajita meat in a 3 lb. burrito and call it a day.  This burrito was HUGE and with help from my server, Adan, I chose the Ranchero sauce to go over it.  Served with mexican rice and some lettuce, jalapeno, etc. "salad" on the side, I really enjoyed this dish. It was full of very tender, well seasoned fajita meat, and oozing with cheese and beans - delicious!  It was a monster serving, so for the last 1/3 of the burrito, I just picked the meat out.
Drink - Coke Zero (which was kept filled) - score!

From the string of 2-star reviews, I guess I lucked out.  The service was fantastic and the food was quite good.  Although I have a hard time passing Cowfish without going in, I would definitely try Chuy's again.