Went here on a recommendation from a friend.

I freely admit as a disclaimer, the New Mexico style Mexican food is a second compared to southern az style in my personal favorite.
I am also VERY picky when it comes to Mexican food.
I was pleasantly surprised of the quality of the food and flavors

Location is a little strange for a restaurant  of this style and price range, would have expected more scottsdale location. 

I had the rellenos and the wife had the blue adobe burger with a relleno on top We shared the three dip appetizer.

My rellenos were pretty good. The Panko crust was an interesting but good departure from traditional coatings. I really liked the use of Anaheim vs a poblano chile, I much prefer it. I had one plain cheese and one tenderloin chorizo and cheese. The plain cheese one was huge and very tasty. The meat one was much smaller, had very little steak in it and no chorizo I could taste. The rice and beans were tasty. I liked the flavor and loved the drier rice vs mushy mess you get at many Mexican restaurants. The pintos were well flavored.
Probably the highlight was the red sauce which I requested on the side due to my natural suspicion of any New Mexico style resteraunt's ability to do red sauce anywhere close to right. I recant. It was amazing! Very dark, chile rich and just amazing on the tongue. Almost a mole without the chocolate or pumpkin seeds, I am guessing a very dark roux. I love homemade red chile sauce and would pay to sit in the kitchen and learn that one.

The wife's burger was very large and her relleno on it was also very good sized as was the portion of fries. They forgot the bacon, which the wait staff promptly fixed, and the only condiment they brought was ketchup. I gave my wife the green sauce they brought gratis with my red sauce. She are it with a knife and fork it was so big.

The appeztizer was ok. Bean dip excellent, guacamole ok lobster dip ok. Fried flour tortillas they brought for the dips were soggy and under cooked. Wait staff promptly fixed,
Corn chips and salsa were good.

Last but certainly not least was the service. It was absolutely top shelf. Staff and management were attentive, knowledgeable without being smothering, or smarmy. Just right balance around the board. Questions were answered and suggestions were sincere. 

Would have loved to give a 5 except for the misses listed above