Taco Tijuana, you have made me a firm believer that not all El Pastor is created equal. On my first visit I tried the El Pastor, Cabeza, and Lengua tacos. Man the tenderness and flavor of all three meats were good down to the last bite! The El Pastor had tons of flavor and it still had the juices to it. A little greasy but isn't that what gives it its juicy flavor? All their tacos are 2 bucks except for one which is 2.25. I think its either the Cabeza or Lengua. 

Another plus is that they ask you if you want grilled chiles and green onions to go with your tacos. Hell yeah! Why would you say no to such grilled goodness? Also don't forget about asking for a little slice of pineapple to add to your Pastor Tacos. Gives it that little bit of sweet kick to it.

As for their extra fixins, well all they have are cut up limes and sliced radishes. I was hoping they would have more options like onions, cilantro, and salsa along with pickled jalapenos and carrots. Im sure for the salsa you can ask for some on the side. This is probably the only area where they lose the one star because there are other places where you get all these readily accessible.

Service is something worth mentioning. From the moment you walk in you are greeted with a "Hola! Buenos Tardes/Noches!" If you just so happen to eat there, they usually come around asking if everything is ok and grab your empty tray of garbage to put away if you are done. These little things that they do actually go a long way in regards to remembering a pleasant experience.

Some tidbits: From memory I recall them having about 8 booths inside and a couple tables outside, so at really busy times you might not be able to even sit down to eat. Their two bathrooms are singular, meaning you can only have one gal and guy occupying them at one time. For their drinks you have Pepsi products, Tamarindo, Jamaica, Horchata, and Pina. Im wondering why they don't have Orange Bang.

The hours they are open are not quite established yet and its obvious for they don't have anything on their doors to indicate this. For now what they have told me is that they open everyday at 10 am and close at 2 am on Friday and Saturday nights. I recommend that you give them a call before heading out there the other days if you are out and about late so you don't make a wasted trip.

So overall, TT you will win the battle with Arby's next door most days because I do happen to like a roast beef sandwich every now and then. But to most people, El Pastor will beat out roast beef any day and I don't blame them.