It's been a surprisingly difficult venture to find good Mexican food in the Henderson Area. There are lots of crappy chains or places that just have a walk-up counter but no bar. I'm sorry but usually if I want Mexican it's because I'm also craving a Margherita. So the other night after much shopping, I was in the mood for someone else to cook and hand me beverages. I decided a Mexican sounded good so I searched Yelp for restaurants in the area. I got this one and one other. I was on my way, they were fairly close to each other, when I saw this one and decided to stop. SO GLAD I DID.

First off it was Friday night and they had a fun Mariachi band playing in the dining room which could be clearly heard from the bar. The bartender quickly came over and got me a drink. I swear that Margherita was so good. I practically sucked the whole thing down in a matter of minutes. I perused the menu, while enjoying not only free chips and salsa but a pretty good bean dip as well. The salsa was very smooth, which is a nice change from all the chuncky salsas I've encountered. It was also spiced pretty well so it was just plain tomato and spice. I liked it so much I continued eating it through my meal, which I never do. 

I wasn't in the mood for anything big so I ordered Queso Fondito. I became a fan of this melted cheesy goodness in Denver and have had it many places. Here they have big, soft chunks of pepper. It was SUPER tasty and their tortillas were so fresh and good that I ordered a second batch. By this point I was pretty full but I decided I wanted something sweet so I ordered Sopapillas.

The order comes with three along with honey and butter. I don't get why you want butter but I always love the honey. These were fresh, warm, soft and super tasty. I loved every second of them and left nothing behind.

This place is definitely the best Mexican I've had in Las Vegas and better than a  lot that I had in Denver. I would give it a 5 star, but since I didn't try THAT much I don't want to be too presumptuous. I'll definitely be back in the Very near future and bump them up if they continue to be as good as this first experience.