We made a 7:45 reservation here before going to see Mystere.  We came at the recommendation of my sister and were very happy we did.

It didn't start that way though.... We ordered the peach margarita, which took about 10 minutes to arrive. The waiter didn't come to take our order until after the drinks arrived. But, we didn't like the drinks. They were frozen (didn't say so on the menu) and they tasted like a fruit smoothie, not a margarita. The waiter was nice about taking them back and we ordered the raspberry margaritas instead. Those took about 10 minutes to arrive also and the waiter STILL didn't come by to take our order.

We loved the raspberry margaritas...could taste the tequila and the raspberry flavor was very intense.  I ordered the achiote salmon and my husband ordered the tacos al pastor.  The chips and salsa were pretty good. We both liked the tomatillo salsa best.

We like strong drinks, so we ordered a shot of Cazadores for each. It was a HUGE shot, but it was also $12. That was the kick the drink needed.

Our food arrived and I was disappointed with my salmon. The tomatillo-mango salsa was cold on top of the salmon and had a lot of raw onions in it, which are not my favorite. Also, the salmon was too well done for my taste. I wasn't going to send it back, but the manager asked me how it was and I hesitated and after our conversation, he insisted on making me a new one...medium this time. The manager told us he was new, so he was probably a little over-eager to please, which was fine with us. He also gave us 1 shot of tequila on the house, which was really nice.

My husband really liked his tacos. The pork was super tender and flavorful. 

My new salmon came shortly and it must have been missing the chile morita sauce last time because this new salmon was AMAZING. That sauce was spicy, tangy and had a lot of depth. On top of the new, tender medium salmon, we both dove in and finished the whole thing. The corn tamale it came with was a little too sweet for dinner. The charro beans were good.

The sent us dessert on the house and we picked the recommended crepes, which were just okay. The homemade vanilla bean ice cream was pretty darn good. I'm not sure if I'd come back here. though...the salmon was really delicious, but Vegas has SO many good restaurants.