Step 1... Choose one:
Burrito
Bowl
Salad
3 Tacos (choose soft flour or crispy corn)

Step 2... Choose one:
Huli Huli Chicken $6.95
Kalua Pig $6.95
Pulehu Steak $7.60
Grilled Fish $7.50
Grilled Veggie $6.25

Step 3... Choose one or all:
Seaweed Rice
Black  Beans
Shredded Cabbage
Romaine Lettuce
Grilled Veggies ($1.15 extra)

Step 4... Choose one:
Charred Pineapple Verde (mild)
Mango & Roasted Corn (mild)
Tomato W/Grilled Maui Onion (spicy)

Step 5... Choose one or all:
Sour Cream
Cheese
Lettuce
Jalapenos
Cabbage
Lime
Cilantro
Guacamole W/Hawaiian Pink Salt ($1.35 extra)

I purchased a $10 for $20 groupon so we could try this place out for dinner. Upon walking in we were greeted and right away offered a sample of their Huli Huli Chicken and Kalua Pig. Both of these were equally good, but I really loved the Huli Huli Chicken. After reading the menu board I decided to go with the "3 Tacos" with 2 on flour tortillas and 1 on crispy corn. I was torn on which meat to choose for my tacos, so the man behind the counter said I could mix and match them. Cool! I ended up going with chicken, pig and steak tacos and paying the extra $1.35 for guac on them. A lot of places would charge for the guacamole per taco, but I was just charged the 1 price and got a generous portion on all 3 tacos. The tacos were delicious! The charred pineapple verde adds a nice flavor addition, the meat is tender and has great flavor, the tortilla was soft and good and the price was right for what I got. The guacamole is worth buying just as a side to have with chips, but I have to admit that if there was some sort of Hawaiian pink salt in it, I didn't see it or taste anything except for fresh yummy guac. Hubby had a "Pulehu Steak Burrito" and loved it, but found the size to be too small for his hungry appetite. I still had half of a taco left so I was very fulfilled! So full that I didn't even taste a bite of the "Cheese Quesadilla" priced at $2.50 (meat extra) that we also ordered. 

I also had to make room for dessert later because I got a bag of "Coconut Bark" priced at $3.50 to try. Whoa!! This stuff is addicting! I have never had anything like it before and honestly don't even know for sure what all was in it. It seems like a saltine cracker with a layer of brown sugar or caramel and then a layer of chocolate and coconut. Whatever it is, I want more! 

You can eat inside, outside or even grab some grub from their drive-thru.