Mmmmm....Los Favs....Their breakfast burritos are always on point and so is their Carne Asada which are my personal favorite in the state so far compared to (Fillbertso) Filly bs,and rubias in tempe on mill and southern? i think that's the name of the other spot. Favs always get it right though for the most part. Lately they have been overcooking the french fries but it is still amazing regardless.  Their burritos seem pretty small to me compared to taqueira me casita or whatever on warner and dobson but their california burrito is my quick i don't really know what i want so i'm gonna choose this option. Like i said, i usually get the carne asada fries or the breakfast burrito because you can never go wrong with either selection.
       I seriously have been thinking about it all night and i am always more than excited to go every time. I am a typical foodie so excuse the excitement as i text as i am preparing for my day of work and stop for my breakfast burrito along the way ;) I once ordered rolled chicken tacos and it was extremely bland and just meh. I wanted to throw it away after i ate one out of three. But my friend made me pack it up. So not only did i end up wasting my food but i wasted a container. i cannot force down food just because that is definitely not my style to say the least.
       Living in Arizona you will find hit or miss places, i have heard a lot of people say this is just as disgusting as Filly B's but i beg to differ. Filly b's is just beyond nasty and my stomach always hurts after eating their overly salty carne asada fries. gross. okay back to Favs. I don't necessarily care for the fact that they charge you extra for sour cream,cheese, etc etc etc in your burrito. I am spoiled from the mexican spot down the street on warner and dobson because they load your burrito in front of your face with two scoops of rice, beans, and 2-4 scoops of meat depending on what meat and if u ask for half and half. and let you add in sour cream cheese and whatever else for free. the burrito looks as though its the size of some buff guys bicep. HONESTLY. Favs burritos are half the size of a regular sized girls forearm for 4 dollars compared to 6. their prices on breakfast burritos and carne asada fries are always in my budget though.


Los Favs Here I Come!!! :D