We've got to learn to Reduce, Reuse, Recycle...

Are they huge sushi rolls or somewhat small burritos?...yes, they're Jaburritos!!! What you're getting at Jaburritos is fresh, clean food you can customize to your liking. Chef John realized the good thing going on in other places like San Francisco and teamed up a sustainably minded partner to bring Vegas their first glimpse of sushi burritos...think over-stuffed sushi rolls, or hand rolls.

Jaburritos is an easy win for me. Price, quality, and flavor. For about the same price as a lot of sushi rolls in town you can purchase a sushi burrito...not Philadelphia and California roll prices, but a comparable value for anyone that regularly orders sushi rolls....and JSB's are larger. You won't find some of the high-end cuts of fish that Soho and other sushi places have, but then again you wouldn't want to "waste" those cuts in a roll or a sushi burrito. What you will find is fresh, good quality fish and meat to make your sushi burrito enjoyable. One of the secrets to a great sushi burrito is the sauce. JSB might even do this better than some other sushi burrito spots. As with most sushi rolls, the sauce is where the flavor is. JSB has a lot of great Japanese sauces, salsas, salsa fusion sauces and even some Asian sauces that aren't necessarily Japanese in nature. Ex: Yuzu Guacamole?...Yes please! I would recommend Jaburritos to friends based on these reasons alone. Throw in the customization of your sushi burrito and the fact that JSB is immensely sustainable in their efforts and I find myself with a business I can really get behind!

On your first visit feel free to jump right in to the create-your-own game if you have some ideas to explore before you arrive, however most would do well to check out one of their pre-determined concepts such as:

Redondo - ahi tuna, salmon, yellow tail, cucumber, masago, red onion, tortilla strips, jalapeno, cilantro, wasabi mayo

Long Beach - spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, surimi crab, romaine lettuce, cucumber, tortilla strips, guacamole, chipotle mayo, sweet anguilla sauce

Mission - salmon, sushi ebi shrimp, cream cheese, pico de gallo, tortilla strips, romaine lettuce, yuzu guacamole, tomatillo shiso sauce

Rockport - soft shell crab, spicy tuna, surimi crab, jalapeno, masago, cucumber, red onion, tempura crunch, chipotle mayo, sweet anguilla sauce