We were in the mood for Mexican food while in the Phoenix area- so we decided to head on over to this place.
It's located in a crusty part of town...just FYI. We went in on a Thurs night and the extremely small restaurant was packed.
There really is nowhere to stand if you're waiting for a table. The place is so tightly packed that you kind of awkwardly stand with your butt in a diners face while waiting for someone to seat you.
There were only TWO people working the entire floor that night. From seating, to serving, to bartending. TWO PEOPLE.
It was an extremely long, awkward wait and we kind of ended up seating ourselves at the bar once it cleared out because no one else offered us a seat anywhere.
I felt bad for anyone who came in after us because they all had the same look of awkward confusion on their faces as they stood by the door for 20 minutes waiting for SOMEONE to let them know what to do, where to go....
We got margaritas, which weren't very strong- and we're extremely expensive ($8 ea???). And even though the service was the worst I've ever seen in my LIFE- the food completely made up for it. I wanted to hate the place, but my burrito was so good- I never wanted it to end. I got the La Santisima Specialties Burro with arrachera  . Heaven on a PLATE. So flavorful, filling, delicious....i'm like...daydreaming of it now.......
The final bill was pretty pricey for only 2 burritos and 2 drinks- $50?? If I were to visit this location again (which I will)- I'd most likely just get my food to go. The inattentive lack of service makes you feel more like a bother than an appreciated customer.

*edit* Moved to Phoenix, been here twice since then. Food is still super amazing. I mean seriously...that La Santisima Specialties burro dipped in pecan "salsa".......to die for. Service hasn't changed. If it's busy, goooood luck. Your service will be horrendous. We went today and it was FINALLY slower...we actually got a table and not the bar stools for once. And we were served a lot faster...much more pleasant. Wish they'd expand.
But whatever. Awesome place, just go.