I've gotta be honest, I was really torn on how to rate this restaurant.  For food, hands down, 5 stars.  For service, I was going to say 1 1/2 stars originally, but in the end they "redeemed themselves" a little, so i'll be nice and say 3 stars.  And for people watching, it's 3 1/2 stars. 

I was visiting a friend in AZ and she and her girlfriends took me there.  It was a Saturday night and the restaurant was packed.  We went to the outside bar to grab drinks while we waited for our table.  The cucumber jalapeno martini was mmmm-delish!  Had the right kick to it.  Problem was the bartender put our drinks down and then abandoned us before we could pay.  When our table was ready, we attempted to pay but the bartender became completely absent.  Fearful we would lose our table we started to walk away while stayed behind to explain to him that we would like the drinks transferred to our dinner bill.  I wasn't around to hear the rest of the exchange, but let's just say I was told that it wasn't pleasant and in fact the bartender was very condescending. 

Once at our table, it took about 20 minutes before anyone even came over to greet us and/or ask us if we wanted water, guacamole or even place our order.  When someone finally did acknowledge us, it was only to tell us that he is not our waiter, so we waited an additional 10 min and then when the same guy returned he quickly admitted that he was in fact our waiter (okaaayyyy).

The food itself was fantastic.  Their guacamole is truly gourmet as they add goat cheese or something to it that makes it decadent.  They also serve it with mini fried tortillas instead of chips, excellent choice.  I had a two taco combo with their sweet potato black bean taco and shrimp taco dorado.  It was excellent.  Then we topped it off with their Banana Dark Chocolate Bread Pudding which was truly out of this world scrumptious.

So just when I felt were all in a good space on this restaurant, the weirdest thing happened.   The manager came by and asked us if everything was ok -- a nice move and not unexpected -- but then he muttered "So was it worth the wait ladies?"  Felt kind of backhanded to us.  In the end, the waiter came over and told us that the dessert was on them for the long wait, which we definitely appreciated.

in the end, I'm hoping that our experience with the staff was just a result of us catching the servers on a bad night!  I would absolutely recommend this place because the food is just too good to pass up!