I went to Verde for the first time several weeks ago for brunch. My husband and I were checking off our list of restarants we still need to try in Pittsburgh, and Verde was on the list. I have heard mixed reviews from friends, but of course, had to try it for myself. As I first walked in, I noticed the minimalist, modern decor, and immediately felt at home. All of the colors are earth tones, so it softened the modern look, and made the place feel homey.

I also noticed the enormous selection of tequilas on the wall. I'm not a big tequila fan, but I would think that tequila lovers would appreciate the selection here. We were seated in a corner near the bar area, and because I sat on the inside, I had a great view of the lovely restaurant the entire time.

On Sundays, they do Sangria Sundays. I love sangria, so this was perfect. I had the white sangria, and it was delicious. Not syrupy. Not too sweet. Not loaded with too too much fruit. Not too much ice. Just right. We then decided to start with the chips and a variety of salsas. The chips were fresh (and gluten free-yay!) and I especially enjoyed the verde salsa. Imagine that!

My wonderful experience faded somewhat after this point. Our server was very knowledgeable about the gluten free options on the menu (which are all clearly marked on the menu by the way!), but wasn't very attentive, in general, throughout our meal. I had the fish tacos, and they fell a little flat. For $14, they should have been spectacular. The side of homemade refried beans was delicious, but the tacos were not cohesive at all. It was as if they dumped in some ruby red grapefruit and a tiny portion of overcooked fish and called it a day. My husband had the huevos benedictos, and it was good. The hollandaise had a fun, spicy kick to it, and the kale was a nice addition. For $8, it was much more reasonably priced for the quality.

I would like to go back and experience dinner, and of course go back at happy hour to enjoy the absolutely delicious sangria and chips with green tomatillo salsa. Because our meal also consisted of food that left me a bit on the fence, I have to tone down the excitement of my review. Still, a spot worth trying.