I will start this review by letting the readers know that I have been eating at Valle Luna for about 25 years.  I have never had a bad meal here, but some have been better than others. I'm not sure if it's the kitchen staff, or just me; but sometimes the food looks like what you would expect to see in a TV commercial, and other times it's just sitting there on the plate.  Please don't misunderstand me, the food has always been tasty, but sometimes you look at it and you can't wait to dig in; and other times you look at it and go "meh..."

My wife and I went this past Friday for a lunch date; Jr's in school, and we can play hooky and have lunch and adult conversation.

One thing I absolutely love about the Bell Rd. location, is when you step inside.  Old school Mexican restaurant!  The place is dark and cool, just the thing I want when walking across the parking lot in August.  

We were quickly seated and chips, salsa, and hot sauce were there immediately.  The chips were fresh and hot.  My wife likes their salsa because it's flavorful and mild.  I like the hot sauce, good flavor and a little heat.  I do like the fact that Valle Luna brings both.  Many restaurants you have to ask for the hot sauce, and then you get a little bowl.

My wife and I both had lunch specials.  She had 2 shredded beef tacos w/ rice and beans.  I had the "burro de la casa" (red chile) which was served enchilada style w/ rice and black beans (You get a choice of 3 different beans!); and because I was feeling extra hungry, a shredded beef taco also.  The tacos were stuffed w/ shredded beef and the usual toppings (lettuce, tomato, shredded cheese).  The tacos were very good, lots of favorable beef and juicy.  The red chile burro was excellent.  I have always loved Valle Luna's red chile, I would give it 5 stars by itself.  The cubes of beef were very tender, and the red chile sauce is just amazing.  The earthy, rich flavor of their red chile has been equalled by few and surpassed by none.  It reminds me of the red chile you get in New Mexico.  I wish I could make red chile like this!

Our server (Claire K) was friendly,fast and efficient.  She took our orders, had our food out fast, and kept up on the re-fills of drinks and chips.  I have always had great service at this Valle Luna and I'm glad to see this hasn't changed.

I like Valle Luna, they are a constant in the sea of change that is Phoenix, AZ.  Consistently good food, consistently good service.  Instead of re-inventing themselves, they concentrate on putting out good food at fair prices.  I will keep the faith.