As my daughter would say, "It's all about the Baja sauce!"

To be honest, I've never been a huge fan of Macayo's, surprising since I've eaten there so many times through the years. My reasons for coming back? It's comfortable. It's convenient. It works well for multi-generational family gatherings. It's a great place for a birthday (free dessert and server serenade). Chips and salsa are prompt and plentiful. And it's not bad. Just ask for a side of Baja sauce with anything you order and you'll be fine.

The Scottsdale location is very nice, nicer than most Macayo's. The structure was specifically built for Macayo's and it shows. There's a patio, bar area and inside seating. It use to be much cuter, with a colorful menagerie of animals placed up in the rafters, but it remains attractive. Still, our family still misses the animals.

Speaking of families, the $4.69 kid's meals were a big hit in our most recent visit. Actually one meal, a mini combo platter, that a four and a five year old shared. They've also enjoyed constructing chicken tacos in the past. A meal that's also an activity! Once again, one kid's meal served two young children nicely.

We also have a habit of ordering appetizers as entrees. On this particular night, two of the six in our party ordered the mini chimis as their meal. With Baja sauce on the side (of course) instead of sour cream. Both also opted for a mix of both chicken and beef chimis. The Baja (of course) pizza appetizer is also a good choice.

One suggestion if you are a first timer: Ask for hot sauce when your chips are delivered. It won't be offered, but it is happily served. This sauce is a nice contrast to Macayo's normal mild salsa. The hot sauce is tasty and is sold in many local grocery stores, even Costco on occasion, so you know it has some merit..

With kids sharing meals and adults ordering appetizers, our dinner tab was very reasonable. It could easily balloon, of course, if you ordered more and added Margaritas... Given its Scottsdale location, the cost could be much worse.

Perhaps not a destination in and of itself, but Macayo's is a good place to enjoy friends and family.