The decor, ambience isn't "trying too hard", it's just actually "trying" - to be something other than cookie cutter Mexican/Latin, and stand out from its Gilbert Ortega-esque Old Town surroundings. Charming Old World building with modern rustic elements woven in. Obviously some bucks dumped into it.

Everything was very good, some great. The wine list had just what I was looking for - a tasty Albariño and a Vinho Verde. The food was inventive, delicious and packed with flavor, and despite the full dining room, it came out fast. Almost too fast. I'll get into the food more after a few more visits.


I HAVE ONE CONCERN
The Mission could become a victim of its own success. Maybe our couple visits were flukes but... We were a party of 4. When we got there it was PACKED. Like bar-packed, not restaurant-packed. Good for them, seriously. The owner (we knew this because we caught his episode of House Hunters Intl) seemed to personally make it his "mission" to keep us happy while we waited. Way cool. Kept checking in with hostess on our behalf and comped our drinks while we waited in the awkwardly crowded bar/hostess stand area. This was all beyond the call of duty for most owners.

So what's the concern? It has obviously become a hotspot with the look-at-me crowd. Hungry, bedazzled cougars and Affliction-afflicted d-bags. And all of them were on the prowl. This is great for business and buzz initially, but it doesn't sustain you when that crowd moves on to the next hotspot. In the meantime, it's hard to become a regular patron for the food&drink when you've got that scene to battle with. On a weekend, even with a reservation, you're likely in for a wait with no good place to wait.

As others have stated, the place appears to be staffed up to the bejeezus. The amount of staff is exaggerated a bit by the shared service style. You probably feel like there are more servers than there really are because you seem to meet all of them! As The Mission inevitably transitions into a calmer, sustainable success, I imagine the frenzy of bar patrons and staff will calm a bit.

All in all, hoping they stay around long enough to transition from a 4-star hunting ground into a 5-star place for us to become regulars.

Oh, and the Churros. Oh my God.