If you're looking for an upscale, service-oriented place, don't bother.  This isn't it.  If you're looking for generic Sonoran style Mexican (think Valle Luna, Garcia's, etc.), don't bother.  This is not the place to get a chimichanga.  If you want a solid margita and rediculous flat enchilada finished off with simple sopapillas & honey, this may be the best place on earth.

I've been frequenting Frank & Lupe's for over 7 years now.  I can definitely tell that the place is a proverbial "hole-in-the-wall".  It's like a converted house with uncomfortable chairs and terrible accoustics that magnify everyone's voices.  The bar area is a nice outdoor setup, but is basically in an alley with wrought iron furniture that leaves grate marks on your legs.  The service is generally pleasant and efficient, but can be a bit variable.  The food, outside of the specialities, isn't anything to write home about.

So, why the high rating?  #5 and #6.

You can't go wrong with the #5 or #6 (variations on the New Mexican style flat enchilada) served with green or red chile (heat seems to vary with season), chicken/beef, and a fried egg on top (get it over easy).  Though not wonderfully hot like Los Dos Molinos, there's something about the enchiladas here.  I can't explain it.  They're just plain good... in a manner than appeals to something ancient in humans.  The post-#5 satisfaction is about as pleasing as it gets outside the bedroom.

To boot, the margaritas are pretty decent (and cheap) and the sopapillas are warm and just the right combination of soft and chewy.  They are just good wiping up the mix of chile, cheese, and beans on the plate as they are with a generous drip of honey.

Finally, there's a relaxed feeling (some might find it just plain lax) that is a wonderful contrast to it's surroundings (located right in the middle of Old Town Snottsdale).  Duck into Frank & Lupe's for an hour and escape the self-absorbed pretentiousness oozing from nearby Fashion Square and countless short-lived, trendy (but admittedly tasty) restaurants concepts all up and down Scottsdale Road.