Too bad you have to categorize. Not Mexican food, more like Mexican-style influences and flavors. Had dinner with my man here last night. Didn't know it was here. Free valet parking, so pull up to the hotel (The Saguaro). Fun, pop-art atmosphere. Not a tequila drinker, but the best margarita ever. Super informative waiter on tequila. We tasted two different margaritas, "Jef" and "Naranja Roja" (?). They use fresh juices, lime salt and no icky sweet/sour mixes. The delicate habanero chili finish on the Roja was so good!  Don't be afraid, not hot. Four,complimentary spicy sweet delicate corn breads about the size of a man's thumb were served next. Perfect blending of flavors. We started with the waiter (excellently trained & knowledgeable) recommends and shared everything. Ceviche de Kampachi served like sushi. Great textures and presentation. Very tasty. Pulpo al Carbon (octopus) flavors were great, but I'm a texture girl and I just am not a huge fan of tentacles-so probably shouldn't have ordered (ate it all though). Next we shared the jumbo grilled prawns with "blistered" cherry tomatoes. So many flavors playing nice together. Yum. I am super picky about eating lamb. It took me years to get over the nasty mint things restaurants do and just try it again. My favorite is right off the grill/pit in the ground, tied up with lemons inside. The chef here does a process that partially cooks the meat in a Sous vide (I looked it up) and then finishes it on the grill. It is served on home-made chorizo with some lovely sheep crema (like goat cheese) and pipian verde (smoky, mild with a microscopic hint of mint). This huge chop was cooked perfectly. I was surprised that it was on chorizo, which to me is either great or it sucks (theirs was great). The food at Distrito is made by someone who really gets flavor and what works together. We ordered dessert because everything else was so good. I've always wanted to taste dulce le leche and that was part of the dish, so we ordered it. Amazing, delicate orange flavors and this scoop of home-made citrus sherbet. You could build a life around that sherbet. Go here and have fun. They were having taco Tuesday, but we will go back for that.