I'm excited to be the first REAL review of this place.  We decided to stop by here in favor of Postino, as we have already been multiple times, and boy am I glad we did.  This is like the 4th or 5th, or maybe 12th different restaurant inside the ever-so-lovely Clarendon Hotel.  In what seems to be a revolving door of restaurant concepts in this rather charming space, I think we have finally found a winner.

Gallo Blanco does something that not enough restaurants do.  They downsize their menu drastically to have only a few different options for lunch/dinner, and a few options for breakfast, plus a few assorted appetizers.  I much prefer a restaurant to have a few things on the menu that they perfect rather than a whole bunch of items that are only so-so.  The dinner menu offers a few entrees including steak and chicken and then there are tortas or tacos with your choice of delectable meat stuffed inside.  The husband and I ordered the cheese crisp (not what you think) and the pork sandwiches.  I would give the Spanish names, but I've got nothing for ya.  

The cheese crisp was a fantastic giant fried concoction.  It seems like it was a large tortilla, or something, covered in cheese and deep fried wrapped around something round.  It was really good, I can't describe it much better, just get it if you go.  The pork tortas were so delicious.  The pork was tender and flavorful.  it was mixed with some shredded lettuce, a couple slices of fresh avocado, and there was a delightfully tangy/spicy sauce underneath.  The bread was unbelievably tasty, slightly sweet with a perfect texture.  I was excited to actually have a true torta bun instead of your average run of the mill hamburger bun.  We decided to split the chocolate pudding for dessert.  It was served in a small tumbler.  The chocolate pudding wasn't a traditional pudding and was much thinner.  However, it went perfectly with the graham crackers and the truly homemade marshmallow fluff.  The marshmallow stuff was soooooo good and you can taste the quality.  A tasty yet simple dessert.

What a great experience!  I only took away one star because the restaurant was far from busy but the wait for food was a little too long to be deemed acceptable.  However, our server was so sweet and charming, and her English accent was almost unbearably adorable.  It was her first day on the job but she was phenomenal.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone and I hope we finally have a permanent resident in the Clarendon restaurant space.