I will echo what many of the other reviewers have said- Javier's is a very solid dining experience. The dark, sultry decor is very inviting and makes a striking initial impression. Seating is a little tighter than I'd prefer, but it was not a major issue (except when the couple next to us overheard some of our conversation and were a bit appalled!)  They've got an interesting mix of music playing (lots of hip hop) At first, I couldn't tell if it was from the casino, but I am pretty sure it was actually from the restaurant. I didn't mind at all, but it was a bit unexpected in a Mexican restaurant. 

The service was fantastic. Our waiter was quite knowledgable about almost everything on the menu, and able to give complete recommendations. He really gushed over how good everything was- and was quite believable! Our water and drinks were replenished frequently, the table side pour of my friend's beer was done with a flourish, and we were checked on periodically without feeling stifled or rushed.

The food was also quite good. I didn't consider the prices exceedingly high, especially for a relatively upscale restaurant on the Strip. Most entrees appeared to range from between $20-$45, although there were some more expensive items as well. 

The chips and salsa were fresh and delicious, as was the guacamole. My strawberry margarita was  also very tasty. It wasn't overly sweet or syrupy, but yet remained flavorful and easy to drink.  

I ordered the quesadilla marisco ($28), and my dining companion ordered the Cabo Azul ($30). They both were great meals, with generous portions. The quesadilla was everything it should be- cheesy and full of seafood. It was served with sour cream and guacamole on the side. The Cabo Azul was indeed a big meal, and well worth the price. It included a shrimp taco, lobster enchilada, beans and rice, and stuffed peppers. I was able to sample the shrimp taco and the enchilada, and thought they were both delicious. 

I'd definitely consider Javier's again for upscale Mexican in a sexy atmosphere. Muy bien!