Let me update this because I just went again. Naco Torta!! NACO TORTA!!...and Ensalada Cortada, Chips n Guac. Two people can easily share this delightful combination...because we were both stuffed, took home half of our NACO Torta each...did I say it was AMAZING because it IS....and we ate the other half for dinner. OMG I have dreams about the food!!

I will say the music was a little loud this time and they sat a large table about 45 minutes into my lunch...and those people were kind of loud. Our server got distracted I think..she did apologize and thanked us for being patient. Other than that...NACO TORTA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


What can I say about this place. Have eaten here numerous times and have never been disappointed with the food. 

Guac is amazing, carne asada torta is amazing, darn near everything tasted amazing. 

The servers are nice and if you go poolside, hope that you get Ron as he is the man!!
We had some new kid the last day of the most recent weekend we stayed this month...and I will say that he definately left a lot to be desired. I will give him some some credit only because he was new and Ron had to school him on the ways of how to be a good server. 
The kid kept forgetting our orders, would bring out one thing and not the accompying items (Such as Guac and no Chips).

My friends asked for other salsa's too and he didn't bring those out for about an hour. 
I kept reminding him that we ordered items or would ask him where the order was (not being bitchy as I understand the service industry can suck)...but the kid would curse and get frustrated. I wasn't personally mad at him but his attitude sucked. 

The only complaint I have was his service (he was poolside and not in the restaurant). Other than that...I could have gained an easy 10 lbs had we not checked out :)

I did order a few drinks that I had to walk into the bar and get the bartenders to make because the kid either wasn't putting in the orders or he was just forgetting them. 
I don't recall that he wrote anything down...so tisk tisk.