The guy working the front desk at the Holiday Inn at which I'm staying recommended this place, and given that it was only about a 10-minute walk and I had a hankering for authentic, nonchain Mexican food, I thought I would give it a whirl.

I'm glad I did.

It's a structure that looks small on the outside but is fairly large on the inside, at least to my eye. Yet it still gives off a very friendly, cozy vibe, if not an oppressive one. 

Plastic parrot ornaments, most decorated in colors not seen in real parrots (says this person who is owned by two birds) and parrot paintings serve as the primary decorations. What's not to like?

I was worried that the place would be freezing, given the 85-degree heat of the daytime (it had since cooled to about the low 60s), but I needn't have been. It wasn't chilly at all, much to my delight.

I was seated promptly in the busy dining room by a man who was busily bopping to and fro. As such, he didn't say much to me and kind of threw the menu down on the table and hustled away. 

That's one of only two complaints (the other one in a minute): He seated me in a somewhat darkened area of the floor, perhaps not noticing I had a book with me. (Honestly, there was only one other two-top available, adjacent to mine, in the area where he led me, and the lighting wouldn't have been any better over that table, either. It looked as if there were better-lighted tables he could have put me at in the room in the back and to the right, but I wasn't that upset about it, so I let it go.)

Other reviewers have mentioned how prompt the busboys are with the refills of chips and salsa and water and soda, and I read them and kind of took them with a large grain of salt. But I was amazed to see it in action; I had barely gotten down to the crumbs in one bowl of chips before the busboy was coming over with a fresh bowl; he plopped that down on the old bowl. The chips were warm and held salt very well. So addictive. 

A few seconds later, he came by with a plastic Thermos full of salsa and unloaded into my salsa dish, thus topping it off. Sodas and waters were refilled before I even knew they were depleted. On the whole, it's got to be some of the best customer service I've ever experienced.

My other complaint: My request to build a custom vegetarian quesadilla--or to remove the mushrooms from the mushroom-zucchini-eggplant enchilada--was denied. It's an odd discordant note on a restaurant that clearly seems to pride itself on doing what the customer wants. (I didn't ask for anything exotic in the custom veggie quesadilla, just broccoli, zucchini, and carrots. The waiter, whom I still tipped 20 percent, said the kitchen didn't have broccoli or carrots. Say what? Whatever. I ordered the mushroom-zucchini-eggplant enchilada, single version as opposed to double version.)

The food (there was plenty of it) came out fairly quickly and was hot. Honestly, I couldn't distinguish the mushrooms, so I just ate everything. I was glad I didn't order the double enchilada; I wouldn't have been able to finish the second one.

All this for an eye-poppingly low price of $10.88? With free refills on the soft drinks? Are you kidding me? 

Go. Bring your appetite. You won't leave with it.