Every now and then, it's nice to cast better judgement aside and indulge in some unique, local fare. That's what I did today, and I'm glad I did - at least so far! At first glance, Chino Bandido looks like a pretty pedestrian Mexican restaurant, just another divey, strip-mall eatery among countless others spread across the Phoenix landscape. But they are decidedly unique. Instead of stuffing their burritos with carne asada or refried beans or shredded chicken, they fill their tortillas with the likes of Chinese BBQ pork, Jamaican jerk chicken and Egg Foo Yoo. What!!? All of there offerings are served either as rice bowls, quesadillas, or burritos. Turn your order into a combo and you get beans (black or refried) and rice (cooked one of 4 different ways).

I opted for the two burrito combo with jerk chicken and chinese pork. Now, I've been here before and sometimes the burritos are on the small side. Not so today. I'm not sure if it's because I ordered in the late afternoon instead of in the middle of their lunch rush, but these burritos were huge! The chinese pork was just the right combination of sweet and savory. The jerk chicken was packed with flavor and had a nice mellow burn to it. The combo was served with black beans (decent) and jerk fried rice (amazing). Oh, and instead of a fortune cookie, you get a snickerdoodle. Not my thing, but pretty delicious. All this for around $9!!

Now, here are a couple of things to note:

1. Yes, the place is pretty dumpy. It's located in a rough-looking strip mall. It was featured on Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives and this definitely fell in the "Dives" category. The dining room is pretty non-descript - a bunch of plastic folding tables crammed into two rooms. 

2. Surprisingly, the restrooms are really nice - clean and modern. They must've just remodeled them (at least the men's room), because it's the nicest part of the restaurant. How often can you say that?

3. Ok, so I have a degree in engineering but I feel pretty stupid every time I order here. They have these forms that you're supposed to fill out that are less than intuitive. I'm sure if I were a regular, I would get the hang of it. The good news is that they have a friendly staff eager to help.

All in all, it's a fun and unique dining experience. Oh, and they have an awesome panda statue in the dining room. Seriously, it's awesome.

I'll be back....