OK, so this was my 1st visit even though I've lived in the East Valley for 20+ years.  I just never had an incentive to go.  

Alright.  I understand the complaints of others that prices are somewhat higher than most.  But in my opinion that's most frequently a trade off of quality (while supporting a definite mom & pop local institution) vs. large-scale mass production.  For me, I almost always choose the quality.  Life is just too short to demand a value menu for the usual dreck that comes with it.

Having done the research on their website and Yelp, I kinda knew what I wanted, and I knew about where to order (cash register) and available items on the condiment bar.  Being by myself with $20 bucks to spend (Living Social -- ah, there's my incentive!), I start with a corn "cheez crisp", and proceed to order a fish taco, a shrimp tostada, and a beef (carne asada) burro plus a Mexican beer (Bohemia, if you must know!)

The corn cheez crisp is more like a corn quesadilla, but it's made with a good quality white Mexican cheese (Chihuahua? maybe Menonita?)  Tasty, especially when dipped in their "hottest" red salsa.  2 tortillas folded in half, easily polished off by myself, but better to share as to not take up unnecessary capacity for a tasty, yet mostly superfluous appetizer.

The tostada comes out next, with a very nice mix of frijoles (not whole beans) plus 4-5 shrimp, lettuce, onion, and sour cream drizzle (not a lump).  Very tasty.  The shrimp are griddled medium-rare.  I liked it quite a bit.

Next, the fish taco and burro were up (your name is broadcast to let you know it's ready).  The fish taco is clearly up with the best I've ever eaten (including Mr. Taco in Rocky Pt, and yes, decidedly better than Rubio's).  The fish is very fresh, crispy, yet tender, and everything supports it.  Superior!

I could stop there, but I really wanted to try the burro while it was fresh.  Man, I'm glad I did.  The carne was expertly seasoned and char-grilled while combined with some mashed avocado, frijoles (not whole beans) and pico.  In a way, I was sorry that I saved it for last.  But hooray!  I have 1/2 leftover for tomorrow -- no, couldn't stop with just 1 or 2 bites.

As for decor and ambiance, I'm a low-emotion computer dude, so that stuff really doesn't affect me (ha ha!  maybe that's why I'm eating by myself!).  But I can say that I really liked the outdoor sand & tables, the enclosed patio, and the insides.   To my way of thinking, it was an attractive beach party in downtown Chandler.  (Very family friendly, not rowdy at all, mostly gringos and not bikers ).

Service was good, food was very good, and pricing acceptable.  I'm sorry I glossed over them the last 20 years!