I'm a big fan of Mexican-style cuisine and margaritas, so even before Canteen opened I really wanted this place to be great.  It's within walking distance of my house and it gives off a more sophisticated vibe than most of the other bars on Mill Avenue.  (I suppose if that's what I'm looking for, I'm in the wrong neighborhood...or I'm just getting old.)  So far, I'd say the place lives up to the hype for the most part.

I have been here a couple times on Saturday nights and the place was packed both times.  Mostly, though, I show up for happy hour during the week, which ranges from sparse to moderately crowded.  Given the place is fairly new, I wanted to get a feel for what it has to offer.  Overall, I'd say their happy hour can't be beat.  House margs and some small plates are half-off from 4 to 6:30, 7 days a week.  I've stayed the full two-and-a-half hours on multiple occasions and I can honestly say I've never broken the $18 mark (pre-tip).  To give you a benchmark, that's 3-4 margs, an order of tacos, and 2 rounds of chips and salsa.  I've cut myself off at least once, as the house margs are generally strong and I'd rather not be hungover on a Wednesday.  The chips come with a 'flight' of salsas (chipotle, verde, pico) and the chips are top-notch.  The tacos come in 3's and are quite tasty (I recommend the fish).

Overall, Canteen places the emphasis on their expansive tequila selection, small plates, and ambiance.  It has a courtyard patio on the south side and and open-air bar to the north.  Indoor seating appears comfy and dimly-lit, and although I have not partaken, it seems to make for a relaxed and intimate group setting.  While they do offer full-course dinners, I don't recall ever seeing someone order that much food here.  I've sampled most of the unique margaritas on their menu and they are all potent and flavorful.

One thing that I find a bit disappointing, however, is that the menu lists most of the drinks with their ingredients, leading me to believe that they are all made by hand.  Watching the bartender prepare my drink I noticed that most of them (at least the core ingredients) are pre-mixed in a mixer container.  And while they aren't bad from a taste or alcohol-content standpoint, I still feel a bit cheated.  I have been to similar establishments that make all their cocktails by hand each and every time.  For a place that fancies itself an upscale tequila bar, I think they're losing points by cutting that corner.

Also, the staff is constantly rotating.  Obviously this doesn't necessarily detract from the overall experience, but I did manage to have the same bartender on more than one occasion, and just as I was getting familiar with him he has not worked that shift regularly since.  Personally, I like to know the folks that work the bar at my favorite drinking spots.  I like the rapport; it tends to make things easier if you frequent a place regularly.  That's just me, though.

Like I said, I really want this to be my favorite Tempe bar.  I give Canteen four stars mainly because every establishment has room to improve and I tried to critique them as fairly as possible.  I highly recommend their daily happy hour and patio seating.