I am perplexed by the recent reviews posted on this fine restaurant. I was recently here with my family, visiting my parents that reside in Goodyear.  We are from New Jersey, where Mexican restaurants are not as prevalent when compared to the greater Phoenix area. The few Mexican restaurants we do have locally are average at best. With a few exceptions in nearby Philadelphia. With that begin said, we read the reviews on here prior to trying this restaurant. With trepidation mind you, as some of these reviews are simply  negative. I can in all sincerity advise my dear readers that this restaurant was far from sub-par, nor even average. It was fantastic in fact, with a few minor exceptions. 

  First and foremost, upon first impression. The restaurant was clean, well light, and had all the aesthetics one could hope for in such a restaurant. It was a relatively large restaurant, well decorated, offering indoor and out door seating. We sat in a booth near the entrance, it was terrific. We all thought so. The service is a tad slow, but do you want well prepared food or fast food? If slow a service is an issue, then try taco bell. Otherwise, enjoy the experience this location has to offer. Our waitress was a bit neutral at first but quickly warmed up to us. She was friendly and curtious. The menu was extensive, and impressive. We ordered tacos, burritos and I tried the Mexican styled meatballs and grits soup, it was fantastic!!!! Consisting of fresh ingredients and tasty!  

    The entire meal, including adult and children's beverages was reasonably priced. We had enough food over, to have for diner the next day! My family and I enjoyed this restaurant thoroughly, and will return next year when we visit my parents again. Be your own judge and critic when checking out these various reviewed restaurants and locations listed on here. Some reviewers I question their authenticity, if they were not hired by the local competition, or are being forthright in their reviews, but are spoiled by all of the fantastic local Mexican restaurants you have out there. Oooo lay!