This place is GREAT and you would never guess it from the outside! We were at the youth museum and were looking for a late lunch on a Sunday. This place was open and the yelp reviews looked pretty good! 

Service was excellent! The waiter suggested the seafood enchilada or the Laos combo. We ordered both so we could sample the top picks. The plates are plentiful-  we could have easily shared one and just had a salad with it. Great fresh flavors! The fresh salsa is wonderful - smoky chipotle and not too overly oniony. The seafood enchiladas had halibut and salmon inside and fresh salsa verde over the top. So yummy! The trio/combo plate came with a choice of verde or red sauce - we went for red, which was the spicier variant -it was so good! Beef tenderlion with melty cheese stuffed crispy relleno was to die for! I could eat that every day!! The shrimp enchilada was so good that even the five year old wanted some more. I took the pork tomale home to eat for dinner - couldn't finish my plate! 

They don't have a kids menu, but they do have a nice kids selection the waiter will tell you verbally. Cheese pizza, pasta or quesadilla. I think there were more offerings, but that's all the waiter could say before the 5YO made her selection.

I had the "killer margarita" (aka: the house margarita)  and was very happy with the fresh lime flavor. Sometimes, a house margarita just tastes like sweet and sour mix w/ triple sec - this one was refreshing and delish!

I would give it five stars, but there are two things lacking for a five star review: (1) the restaurant ambiance is a little underwhelming - the chairs and tables felt warn/old/cheap and you can't tell it's a great place from the outside decor. (2) food came out warm, not hot. But the flavors were so great that it won't stop us from coming back!

Fri/Sat are really busy here - the waiter said it's a really popular spot for large parties (20-40 people) - I will remember that in case we ever have a large group event!

We will definitely be back to this place! One of the BEST Mexican restaurants we've been to in the valley!