A taste of New Mexico in Las Vegas.

My husband and I saw the good yelp reviews so we dragged our four kids out to Carlito's Burritos.  It is not far from the LV strip.  If you like spicy food this is the place. There are also items for those  in your party that do not like spice.  My non spice eater enjoyed the cheese quesadilla.

It is a small casual restaurant located in a strip mall.  You order the food then it is brought to your table.  Everything is served in aluminum containers that look like deep dish plates.  Depending on where you sit it can be a little cramped.  The menu was a little confusing at first, but if you hang in there you won't be disappointed.  I highly recommend anything with the green sauce, it was amazing, fresh and zesty.   

We ordered the chips and salsa, the chips arrived warm and covered in an amazing chili powder that had great flavor,not to spicy.  They brought out a green and a red salsa with the chips.  Everyone loved the green tomatillo salsa, the red not so much.  I ordered the stuffed fry bread with chicken and smothered in green sauce.  It was very good, although I was expecting the fry bread to actually be crispy, it was more like an enchilada with all the sauce.  Still very good, the chicken was moist and delicious.  My husband had ordered the pork tamale, he ended up liking my item better.  My two son's ordered the cheese enchilada with red sauce.  I really enjoyed eating off their plate, the red sauce was perfect. 

Wish they would have had kid sized items.  My daughter (age 7) wanted a bean burrito; plain beans and tortilla.  I ended up paying $5 for a huge burrito that she only ate 1/4.

We ended our meal with everyone getting a sopapilla.  We love this New Mexico dessert and have eaten it at a lot of restaurants over the years.  This is definitely one the best versions we have eaten.  It is a little more doughy than some, but it is not greasy at all.  It is light and fluffy and melts in your mouth.  Smothered in honey, we were all in heaven.  They are large so you could share, but we didn't.

If you are in Las Vegas and want to avoid the craziness of the strip and just want some good food, I would highly recommend.