Chuy's where have you been all my life!!??

I'm not typically one to get all hype about a chain restaurant, especially one that has been so overly exploited and commercialized..BUT I have to say it is with great cause that Chuy's has become a household name.

We had a party of 6 on Saturday night and arrived around 6:30 so as expected, we had a long wait.  The outside area has plenty of places to sit while you wait (because you WILL wait) so if it ever stops raining in Charlotte you should be  relatively comfortable while you wait to be seated. 
  It was an hour, not a minute more or less.  The bar area is small and it is pretty challenging to find a spot to stand without creating a major traffic jam but we found a little corner conveniently located by the salsa bar.  Naturally we helped ourselves to a basket of chips and salsa while we waited and that made everything all good.  In fact, the salsa was so good it just got me even more excited about what was yet to come.  The chips were thin and greasy but I will overlook that for now.

My immediate response to the interior was "WOAH"...it was busy, it was bright, it was confusing!  There just seems to be a lot of patterns and colors going on at one time.  The layout of the restaurant seemed a little awkward and even somewhat different from Zink (restaurant there prior).  I guess in the scheme of things it doesn't matter but it just seemed like a poor use of space.  There were too many walls and random tables here and there...no method to the madness, or so it seemed.  I didn't get to check out the outside patio but I am happy they have one!


Once we were sat we asked for a dip that was not offered on the front-end by our waitress.  One of my friends is currently living in Texas so he knew to ask for the verde salsa which was almost like a ranch dressing.  I am glad he was with us because otherwise they had plans on keeping me from this heavenly goodness that I very much needed!!  

We all ordered something different...HUGE burritos, tacos, chalupas, quesadilla's, etc.  I ordered the soft tacos with fajita chicken which came with homemade flour tortillas, charro beans and jalapeno rice.  It was awesome!!  The tortillas were fresh and fluffy and not falling apart...The chicken was juicy and was actually a plump piece of meat as opposed to a shriveled up piece of grilled sodium.  The condiments were fresh and full of flavor.  Everything really was VERY good.

I don't know how they do it but they truly set themselves apart from the traditional Mexican or tex-mex places we have around here.  They definitely gained a new fan.  I hopped right on the bandwagon with no reserve whatsoever.

The only thing that concerns me is the location and the tendency for them to stay packed all the time like cowfish.  When I want a quick Mexican meal I typically want to just bum around and go walk in, get seated right away and have my food come out before I finish ordering.  But this will take some getting used to.  There will be a lot more effort and drama to get to eat here and I don't know that I would personally make the effort on a regular basis but we'll see!