When I heard there was an upscale Mexican restaurant at the Fairmont Princess resort, I got extremely excited. Bf & I love Mexican but pretty much have to settle for the mediocre Americanized stuff back in Ohio. The bride-to-be highly recommended La Hacienda, so we all stumbled over after a day of boozing & bronzing. 

We sat in the bar area, as it was happy hour, and treated ourselves to $6 half-price Margaritas. They were pretty darn tasty, especially after a hot day by the pool. I had wanted to move to a nicer table for our meal and was told nothing was available for nearly 4 hours - so make a reservation if you want to guarantee yourself a spot! 

We ended up eating in the bar area, which was great because our server (a nice blonde girl I can't remember the name of) was super awesome. Happy hour was only 5-6 and at 5:55 she reminded us and asked if we'd like another - despite the fact we had full glasses. Cha-ching. I was getting kind of full on drinks but gung-ho about the food so I didn't sway on our order of Queso Fundido ($14), Chicken & Shrimp Fajitas ($29) and Short Rib enchiladas ($23). 

The queso came out first and was tasty but not at all what we were expecting. Instead of being a dip, it was really more like stringy cheese that had to be forked onto a tortilla. Again, really great flavor but we ended up feeling like we ate cheese burritos when we were done. The smoky salsa that accompanied the queso was superb. One of the best salsas I've ever had. The flour tortillas were freshly made and a nice change from what I'm used to back home. Some other people at our table got the guacamole ($14-enough for 4!) and I was majorly jealous.

Our meals came out (we were sharing both) and we managed to taste some of each before we had to box them up (damn queso!). We both preferred the fajitas over the enchiladas, but we aren't crazy about corn tortillas in general so that could have swayed us. The short rib in the enchiladas was amazing though. Both meals came with rice and mashed (refried?) black beans, which we were just kind of "meh" about. Needless to say, both meals were still great cold the next day. 

Being on a resort, it was AWESOME that we could take our last margarita to go in a plastic cup. God, I love vacation.