I've Been Blessed.

IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  IHOP or Gallo Blanco?  Hmmmm.  The price point is close.  


I've been blessed to travel outside the borders of the mighty USA, visit other nations, immerse briefly in other languages and cultures and return home to my enviably comfortable life.  I've also been blessed to travel in the nations inside our nation, experiencing the richness and languages of the Indigenous people.  But those are other stories.  

A Southwest January morning, seven to nine AM in a simple concrete-floored room,  north and east glass walls, the rising sun filling the room with light. Clean lined, simple, sturdy furnishings,  local art on the walls,  local agriculture cooked and served, friendly service with a lovely countenance.   This makes heavenly moments in my book of life.

If you've traveled some outside our nation's borders, at least the way I have, you'll find yourself in elemental cafes.  A cooking space, a counter, eating space.  Lots of windows, good ambient lighting.  Gallo Blanco(GB) poured me a cup full of memories.  

I was looking for a place to sit, have a pastry and coffee, passing time until 9 am when my destination opened.  I ended up having a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice, and a plate of four freshly made crepes drizzled with honey and dolloped with whipped cream and apple compote.  Excellent.  

Don't tell anyone, I brought my own cup of coffee into the Clarendon/GB.  I was treated to a refill.  The refill provided a thoughtful counterpoint about, "What is good coffee anyway?"   

If you're in the locale, I encourage you to give the GB a try.  There are several good spots for breakfast within two miles.  Put GB in your rotation.  In the open airiness of GB, with it's echo dampening acoustic tiles in strategic ceiling spots, and nearby lobby seating of the Clarendon, a group could schedule productive breakfast meetings.   And that's most of my bit on GB.  

What is good coffee?   Edra devoted several years of her life to me.  A globe-trotting ace, she mastered the art of good accommodations at reasonable prices without a travel agent just as Bell Labs learned to spell UNIX and DARPA funded a project ultimately named "Internet" that has made travel arrangements easy.    

I had my first real cup of coffee in Portugal.  A decent old downtown Lisbon hotel serving petite dejeuner in a courtyard framed by box hedge and roses, lit mostly by winter sunlight.  A smooth, flavorful, nutty, medium-heavy roast non-acid cup like nothing I'd known before.  With a little cream, the perfect match for the giant flaky croissants served with butter and apricot preserves.  Maybe the memory makes it better than it was.  It was definitely the best cup of coffee I'd ever tasted served in a city with coffee houses three centuries old.  

Our nation has embraced coffee sophistication.  More an orgy than an embrace, it tastes to me that the only way to be cool in the American coffee world is carbonize the beans, use way too much brew product, and deliver a cup of charcoal juice, harsh, yet dehydrating to the mouth.

I had a taster's moment at GB.  I brought in a pretty good cup of custom-roast coffee with a decent array of flavors, slightly throat-parching. I got to compare it with GB's house/breakfast blend.  GB's coffee was smoother, with more flavor.  For me, this is a good place for a morning cup.  

This concludes the GB moment.  

And Edra, wherever you are, I hope you kept the bulimia under control.  You looked SO fine once you got that fifteen pounds back on your lithe frame and under your sagging skin.  Ummm, those sweet new curves.   So smart, so well-educated, well-traveled and hard-working.  How did the world ever create that self-image in you? 

Never mind.  I know how.

The Clarendon hasn't forgotten Don Bolles, fighter for honesty and justice.  Neither should we.  Get up, stand up.