There is no sign on the building yet, but the doors are open and the friendly staff at Otro will happily feed you!  I went some co-workers yesterday for lunch, we were one of just two tables, but I don't think that will happen again once word gets out that Otro Cafe is open, and is the sister restaurant to Gallo Blanco, a Phoenix favorite. 

The interior is crisp, open and highlights the buildings natural architecture, with exposed beams and brick.  There are a mix of booths and tables and a huge patio out front that will be perfect for sipping margaritas.

After sitting down we were given a huge bowl of chips and two salsas, a red and a green.  The chips were warm and slightly salted, they were on the thick side, but still tasty.  I prefer a thinner, crispier chip, but it is really just personal preference.  The green salsa is bright and tangy, and the milder of the two, while the red one is thicker and robust with chile flavor.  My group went through about 3 bowls of each during our lunch, so they are definitely memorable.

The menu is limited right now, but they plan to double it after things get rolling.  It has a unique blend of modern Mexican dishes along with familiar items, like tacos and guacamole.  We tried the Mexican Paella, which had great flavor, but the chicken was a bit on the dry side.  We also tried the El Pastor tacos and the Tacos el Carbon.  The tacos are served on homemade flour tortillas that just melt in your mouth.  The pastor was very flavorful, and I loved the addition of the pineapple for a bit of sweet, it really elevated the flavor.  The el Carbon tacos were served with a chimichurri sauce that was also flavorful.  We also orderd a small side of guacamole, which for $3 was huge and some of the best I have head, definitely the best value on the menu.

I really enjoyed my meal and can't wait to see the menu expand and grow.  One of my dining companions said that they prefer the tacos at Gallo Blanco, he liked that meat selections better there...but I pointed out that these are sister restaurants and not the same....so they had to change up the menu a bit!

I think Otro Cafe is going to have great success, the food is delicious and it is located in the hot 7th Street corridor...I will definitely be back.