Hubby and I tried out Gallo Blanco for date night and we were legitimately impressed.  The vibe reminds me of St. Francis on Camelback - young, hip, a little loud, smallish menu, hoppin' patio. Hubby had the Picoso - muddled pineapple with jalapeno and a smooth Reposado finish. The drink was a masterpiece, but he admitted it gave him a little heartburn later (well worth it, anyway). I enjoyed the Prickly Pear Margarita complete with Sauza Blanco, which struck a perfect balance between sweet, tangy, & fruity.

We started with the Queso Fundido appetizer and added seasonal veggies - a mix of caramelized zucchini, summer squash, mushrooms, onions, sweet corn, and spinach. The sweetness of the caramelized veggies complemented the salty nature inherent to Mexican food beautifully. The queso did get a touch greasy at the end, but c'est le fromage.

We dove in with a variety of tacos for dinner - ordering an ahi tuna, slow braised pork, and carne asada beef taco each. I highly recommend ordering a side of beans for the table, to add to the tacos or to eat as a side - these were some of the richest, smoothest refried pinto beans I've ever come across. They didn't skimp on the taco filling, either - three tacos each was plenty for each of us. I love a place that doesn't skimp on the protein!! I also love a place that serves breakfast ALL DAY. You better believe I'll be back for that.

The tacos & queso were both served with corn tortillas, and my gluten-free hubby had no issues diving right in. The service was top notch, too - our waitress was incredibly warm and chatty and made helpful suggestions with each step of the order. She also did a great job of pacing the food perfectly, despite how slammed the kitchen must have been at that point.

We were both too stuffed to go for dessert, but I'd love to try the orange layer cake or crepes on a future visit. But $50 for two drinks, app, two dinners and sides - not too shabby in my book. This would be a great place to stop in for drinks & dessert, too, maybe at the bar or lounge area. I'll be back!