Third visit to La Condesa and that's enough to give it a review. I like the flavors, which are largely guided by your personalized salsa choices, but find it to be a bit heavy in portions.

La Condesa is really ALL about the salsa... not just for the chips but utilizing the bar during the whole visit to create your own perfect balance of flavors. Dishes are dialed into a low volume in order to let the salsa sing.  If your meal's not right, it may be that you're putting peanut salsa on charred beef rather than chicken or vegetables.

PORTIONS + VALUE
Two Condesa tacos are way too generous, while three truly street-sized tacos at Gallo Blanco are just perfect for this gal (one reviewer noted the lack of a "sampler" style plate, which is true). However my brother in law, the bottomless pit, packed away one queso and two tacos in a single sitting. So if you're a big eater and looking for value, its very fair and you'll get plenty of protein.

THE BEANS
Smooth, smoky, with just a little chunk. Thin enough for dipping, which is crucial for the doughy ends of your fried queso tortilla. I'm impressed at how consistent the beans have tasted across three visits. Portion size has been reviewed as small but when you have that much taco to eat, who has room for beans other than as a condimento?

THE RICE
Nothing to write home about. Pale, underseasoned. On one visit it was sticky. Not what we local eaters expect as "Mexican Rice".

THE SALSAS
This is what you come for: salsa on demand. There is an avocado cruda salsa that disappears quickly but is consistently green and fresh, never gray. Chile de arbol salsa has a faint nutty taste. Green tomatillo is delicious. Purple cabbagy condimento is great paired with cochinita as suggested. Salsa Mexicana is not mundane. Cilantro drizzle is a welcome accent. 

TACOS
Taco plates are generously portioned with meat, almost too much in my book but who's complaining? Whisper of selected vegetable garnish included. Tortillas are average quality and may not be steam-fluffed enough. I'll give them this: they don't break. 

BURRITOS
Messy but good. Thin wax paper can't withstand much contact with a knife and fork. The Bullet is a mild no-brainer favorite for kids. 

QUESOS
Decadent! Sinful! Beckoning! The fried dough is pastry-like. Paired with the cohinita pibil it was like having dessert for supper. The extra doughy bits on the seam are particularly yummy dunked in beans. Being a fan of the doughy huarache concept in general, the Queso takes corncake-ness up to eleven.

MOLE NEGRO
A true mole negro, not the sweeter raisin-y ancho-packed type we often get here in town. It's not smoky, but actually charred and a little bitter, with aromatic undertones. Chocolate tones not easily discernable. Different that what you may be used to, but good.

AZTEC CHICKEN TINGA
Adequately wet and seasoned. Tender and easy to pull apart without a knife. Mild on the seasoning, but easily remedied with that ample salsa bar everyone is raving about. This makes Mexican food accessible to all tolerances of heat, in a way.

COHINITA PIBIL
Delicate shreds of well braised pork. Low key on the seasoning but not flavorless. Nice paired with the purple salsa and anything acidic they have out that day.

SEAFOOD
Our bottomless pit had the Ahi and the Dogfish shark and said both were good.

CARNE ASADA
Crunchy but missing the smoke and sizzle I'd expect from a mesquite grilled specialty. It was adequate but lacked a bit of citrus acidity and kick. Competent, and even tasty.  Again, nothing not easily remedied by salsa.

VEGETABLES
How refreshing to have vegetables available for all dishes as entree or add-ons. I added spinach to my Queso in a meager attempt to satisfy a vegetable serving for my meal. It delivered beautifully and added crunch.

BEVERAGES
Horchata and Jaimaica live up to their previous reviews here. Horchata is way too huge for a child. Would love to see a pint-sized version. The full size is a commitment.

THE WAIT
Yes, you might wait. Even if the restaurant is empty. I went for take-out after the lunch rush and waited 20 minutes even though there was only one order ahead of me and there was no line at the counter.  If I had known they were going to pack me a mini-stash of chips in the to-go bag I'd have asked for it in advance to pass the time at the salsa bar while I waited. Post-lunch rush also showed some empty salsa bins but with 12 choices, it just means some of your favorites are in the process of being refilled. We're spoiled here at La Condesa. Most of my favorite true-mex restaurants only offer two, maybe three at the table.

THE ENVIRONMENT
Rustic contemporary/ironic and clean on the surface but not tidy to the  glance when abandoned baskets stack up. They need a self-service trash can like Baja Fresh or Chipotle so the baskets don't accumulate in public view. Would appreciate a commitment to wash cheap silverware. No indication if they recycle the consumables.