Had a friend recommend this place to me while I was in town on business.  He mentioned that Sky Harbor is attracting great chef-driven operations to place their restaurants in the airport.  But he thought I wouldn't be able to get to Barrio Cafe because it was only available behind the D Gates (Terminal 3) security check and I was going to Terminal 3, but was behind the US Airways security check (B Gates.)  I figured that sounded wrong, and had 3 hours to kill before my flight so I started exploring.  To my surprise, I found that I could make the long hike, and after about 30-45 minutes of horizontal escalators, a cappuccino from Cartel Coffee Lab, and a near-taco purchase at *another* place, a dude drove by on one of those people carriers and offered me a lift.  2 minutes later and I'm standing ten feet from Barrio.

First, had to wait about ten minutes to get a seat.  I could've sat immediately in the bar, but needed to do some work on the laptop.  Finally got a seat, and perused the menu.  It was short and sweet...and a bit expensive.  Average price around $15 for a plate of tacos, etc.  Specials over $20 each.  I order the Cochinita Pibil tacos with fries.  

The tacos were amazing.  Two or three homemade corn tortillas around each helping of juicy pork.  They left the pork nude and let the arbol/sour marinade and slow-cook do the flavor work.  Then they top it with their pickled onions and a habanero sauce and pico de gallo,...or was the habanero inside the pico de gallo?  Either way it was hot, perfectly cooked juicy pork, and exploded with flavor.  They also give you this side of "yellow" salsa.  I try some of it on my 3rd bite.  Their chef knows what's up.  The yellow was a cooling agent, that basically cleanses the palate and cools your tongue for the next bite.  Balance and complexity like this is hard to find. 

Three tacos later and I am fully satisfied and very impressed.  I couldn't finish the fries, but they were crispy, hot, and lightly salted with what I'd imagine was arbol powder or maybe just cayenne and salt? (I forget)  While the dish was expensive, the portions were generous and the quality was well worth it.

If this was the airport location, I can't wait to try their original storefront operation when I'm back in town.