Ok , I had to make a second trip here before I decided to do this review because the first time around I had a Carne Asada bowl. Since they are aptly named Taco Y Taco, this time around I made sure to try their tacos.

So this second time around, me and the wifey decided to try different stuff aside from tacos.  We ordered  2 tacos. 1 Al Pastor and 1 Carnitas. We also got  a Carne Asada Quesadilla and a couple of Elotes.

The Al Pastor Taco was ok. Flavorwise, I have had better. The plus was that they had a little more meat than others. The Carnitas Taco was even better than the pastor. The meat was tender and had good flavor to it. Both tacos were ok. I wasn't really blown away by it. What stood out for me about them was the price. It was 3.50 for just 1 taco while most places sell it for only 2 bucks a pop. I guess that's why they're called Taco Y Taco because it's almost twice as much as other places? :P

The Carne Asada Quesadilla was really good! Besides the good meat and cheese, they put a little bit of guacamole and pico de gallo in there. I asked for sour cream on the side for no extra charge. Now this was worthy of the 5 dollar pricetag they had for it. 

Last but not least, the 2 Elotes we got were pretty good. For 2.25 each, you can get it normal or "Street Style" meaning they throw butter and spices on it. If you have ever seen Nacho Libre, those very same Elotes you see in that movie are what you can get here.

Service is decent. You order what you want, grab a tray, and slide on down the counter where they put the finished product on your tray. Since they have employees at different stations, you get your food faster because they can concentrate on those things they are assigned to make.

The place itself is very spacious and can accommodate large groups at a time. Good job on keeping a place this size pretty clean.

Before I go, let me mention the salsa bar they have set up. You have a total of 8 different sauces ranging from pico de gallo, to salsa verde, to extra spicy habanero! Besides that, they have the basic pickled veggies and sauteed peppers/onions that you would find in a fajita. So to me this is another plus because of all the unlimited variety of topping choices you can add to your meal.

So in closing, I would  come back here from time to time, especially for the Elotes because not every Mexican place has them. I just wished they didn't charge so much for 1 little taco. This is what subtracts the 1 star. Still, they get a solid 4 stars from me.