The food is FABULOUS.  The service SUCKED.  Capital S SUCKED.

My friends and I had been dying to try this place.  We met last night, and started with a drink at the bar.  They had cocktails, and I had a glass of white sangria -- it was pretty good, not fantastic.  The bartender was really nice, and pretty darn cute too (this wasn't the Scottish guy -- which I was sort of hoping to see -- I'm a total sucker for the accent).

We ordered the guacamole, which is truly divine.  Chunky, with a good amount of cilantro.  It comes on a bed of cabbage and some a radishes.  My friends thought that was kind of weird, but I thought it was good!  The chips were good, and they came with these weird sort of pinwheel-y things.  I didn't care for them, but my friends liked them.

We decided to get a few things for dinner and just share them.  We moved from the bar to our table and ordered the seafood tacos.  They were spectacular!  The fish and shrimp were tender and delicious.  We all raved!

Next, we got the carnitas.  The pork was so delicious.  It had a lot of carmelized bits, which are of course my favorite part.  There was a bit of fat on it, which I had to pull off....  Blech.....  But it was so good, I didn't mind the fat removal.  They were served with black beans and rice or veggies and corn tortillas.  I would absolutely recommend this to anybody.  

It was around this time that the service REALLY got annoying.  The server and bussers kept coming by to see what they could clear from the table.  Literally they came by THREE times in ten minutes.  And it's not as if there was a huge queue at the hostess stand, and there were a few open tables.  So why the pushiness?  Did they NOT want us to stay and order more drinks?  Apparently not.  

My friend really wanted to try the green chile tamales.  So she ordered those, and they were good, but I was in no way WOWED.  After bringing those out, they came by again another two times to clear.  Finally we just gave in and told them to clear the table!  Fine ya bastards, take our plates!

Another point to make -- the food came out incredibly quickly -- which was nice at FIRST, but after the pushiness of the server and bussers, it just made us feel like they were trying to turn the tables and just get us out of there.

I will definitely come back because the food was delicious.  My friends and I all commented about how interesting their menu was -- there were many different things we all hoped to try in the future.  Maybe last night's pushiness was a fluke.  I hope the next time I don't feel so much pressure to leave!