The Sonoran desert can be a lonely place. The traveler's only friends are Gila monsters and Cacti. So thank god they built a ridiculously impractical city in the middle of it named Phoenix. And even better, they populated it with heavily air conditioned hotels and restaurants like The Clarendon Hotel and its lobby-connected restaurant: Gallo Blanco.

On an August sojourn through the Sonoran desert with two of my sons, aged 11 and 4.5, I stopped to stay the night at the Clarendon. Lovely place. And Gallo Blanco fits right in with the renovated new-age-hipster vibe of the Clarendon. We arrived after sundown, so the temp was all the way down to 100F! We took the chance to take an 8pm dip in the pool, and then retired to the room to order room service from Gallo Blanco.

The room service was infuriatingly confusing. The restaurant offered a phone number specifically for Clarendon guests to call and make room service orders. But upon calling it, I was greeted with a message stating the open hours and that yes this was the room service line, and a beep. I left a message stating my order and asking for a call back to confirm. 20 minutes later, I got suspicious. Was there a hold-up at the restaurant? Had there been a massive Freon leak from all the nearby air conditioners, freezing everyone into a giant block of ice?

I called the main restaurant line to inquire before contacting FEMA about the impending Freonocalypse, and was surprised to get an answer from somebody fully animated. Apparently they had forgotten to answer the room service phone tonight. They didn't even know it took messages. Lovely. I ordered and they apologized profusely and waived the usual room service fee.

But in restaurant land, good food trumps all. The cheeseburger my sons shared was of excellent quality. Juicy well cooked meat, with crisp vegetables. The french fries were hot and delicious.

I ordered a carne asada burrito and was very impressed. A toasted tortilla, and spicy-but-not-ridiculous sauce on the side that made the burrito pop in my mouth like a water balloon filled with smoked chili peppers and happiness.

The next morning we had breakfast there, and the pancakes were mind blowing. MIND BLOWING. As in our minds were blown clean out of our heads while we ate them. I can't remember them, but there were brains everywhere because _they were mind blowing_. I can't use words to describe them. Have the pancakes. The breakfast burrito with home made chorizo was most excellent, fantastic even, but the pancakes trumped ALL.

I may never follow the same trail I did to find Gallo Blanco, but were I to hear its siren cockadoodledoo again, I would do whatever I could to make space in my tummy for at least 5 of those pancakes.