One of C-U's best kept food secrets.

I had not heard of Huaraches Moroleon until Yelp searching it and reading all the hype. It was a must-try for the carry out I typically get once a week down here at school.

No website or menu so I made the drive over to the south-ish side of Urbana and walked inside the restaurant, which is very small, yet authentic and charming. I asked for a menu to order take out and let the indecisiveness get the better of me. The menu is fairly extensive, lots of your typical burrito and fajita entrees, but also many other not-so-common items like fish tacos, lengua (beef tongue) and chicarron (fried pork rinds/belly) among other things you won't find on campus at Maize or Burrito King. 

I ended up getting the steak ranchero with a pastor taco and a chicarron taco. After about 10 minutes my order was handed to me and I anxiously drove home waiting to see if the hype was real. I ate the tacos first, which are small to standard sized, on corn tortillas and were pretty tasty. The chicarron was something new to me, it had an interesting fried flavor and had a very spicy sauce on it, but tasty nonetheless. I've had pastor before and this pastor was definitely on point, the meat was tender and had lots of flavor. The tacos were awesome! 

I only ate half of the steak ranchero and saved the rest for a hungover Saturday lunch. This also was quite good. It was served fajita style with 3 flour tortillas, the steak itself in ranchero sauce and came with some tasty grilled onions and peppers, along with pinto beans, rice, and a dollop of lettuce/guac/pico mix. The meat itself was of better than average quality, the beans were tasty, rice unique due to the veggies mixed in, and the guac seemed alright but I really didn't get too much on my trey and it kind of mixed with the beans. Overall it was a decent sized portion for ~$9.99. My only qualms would be that everything kind of blended together in the trey, it would have been better if the trey/take out thing had dividers in it to separate the rice from the beans from the meat from the everything else. 

I must also mention that like most Mexican places, Huaraches throws in a small bag of tortilla chips and 2 salsas with take out orders. The chips were pretty good, the red/orange salsa was incredibly spicy but had a very interesting taste, I have not had anything quite like it before. The other green salsa wasn't bad either.

Overall a solid take out experience. I will definitely have to come back and eat inside the restaurant.