Eek - I accidentally logged in with Facebook and it created a new account...please forgive my double entry.I will delete the other review. 

My husband and I are new to Scottsdale and decided to try Blanco a couple weeks ago. We went on a Friday and did not have reservations. It was super crowded, of course, but the hostesses assured us that the wait was no more than 40 minutes. 

We waited 45 minutes and noticed that there were still several people ahead of us due to people lingering at their tables longer than usual. Since we had already waited 45 minutes, we continued to wait. The hostesses and manager were very kind to everyone waiting, bringing around complimentary beverages and providing status on the wait. There were parties with reservations that showed up late so that caused some more waiting and after over an hour, we were seated in a lovely part of the restaurant.

The manager came over and apologized several times for our wait and thanked us for being so patient (others weren't). We should've made reservations and understood the wait process so there was no need for apologies, but they were greatly appreciated. We were provided with a free appetizer of chips and queso - it was DELICIOUS and a total surprise! 

The ambiance of the restaurant was fantastic and our meals of enchiladas and fajitas was mouth-watering. The service was impeccable and the servers were very kind, attentive and knowledgeable of their menu. This restaurant really cares about their clientele. 

I strongly recommend this restaurant and look forward to the cooler weather when we can go back and sit on their patio. 

**PLEASE NOTE: If you visit, I urge you to make reservations. This is a super popular place and you don't want to wait, even though, IMO, it's worth the wait.

**I broke my own rule and rated this a 5 star right out the gate on the first visit. My reason being - the great customer service. Customer service like this is rare especially in a super busy establishment. They more than earned their 5 - well done Blanco!**