Like its name, Jalapeno Inferno Bistro Mexicana has a correspondingly large food menu & drink menu, and it was all really good. I would definitely return here, whether for happy hour (okay definitely for happy hour) or dinner (also a definite yes). First of all, I LOVE the margarita sampler. Many brewpubs have beer samplers but this the first margarita sampler I've ever had the joy of ordering. Also the menu is quite large, has a ton of variety & a lot of interesting (much more than regular tex-mex) options, and has a lot of good vegetarian options.

My boyfriend & I tried six different margaritas. My favorite margarita was the mango which was ridiculously amazing. A lot of mango margaritas are too sweet or have a very processed fruit taste but not this one - it's perfectly balanced & fresh tasting. I generally really dislike margaritas that come out of the large frozen blended dispenser because they are usually way too low on alcohol and I generally prefer my margaritas on the rocks instead of blended, but the mango that good is super good. My boyfriend's favorite was the coconut. I thought the Texas-Ass Kick-Ass margarita was really smooth with the Shiner Bock floater, and it has a great name. The ones that did not impress was the Ultima (boring when there are other better choices & overpriced at $12) and the Pinnacle Peak Pomegranate (didn't actually taste like pomegranate). 

I had the veggie fajitas which were really good and big enough for two meals. All the components of this dish were outstanding. The black beans were really great & have a very good flavor (I think cumin). The guacamole was fresh, full of garlic & lemon, and deliciously chunky. The tortillas were so soft & pliable & thick - I'm not sure if they were freshly made because I didn't see a tortilla maker but they sure tasted that way. The vegetables were a little on the bland side but I added the table salsa & it was great. My boyfriend had the west texas bbq taco's and he really liked them and the mango-chiptole bbq sauce. Also the complimentary chips & salsa were ridiculously good - super thick fried chips and fresh chunky flavorful salsa.

We had awful service at the bar, as in I think that's the rudest a bartender has ever been to me. It took the longest time to get a drink menu and then to put in our drink order. She complained about my order for the sampler to me, to the other bartender, to the other patrons and even had the nerve to say to another patron 'I'm making these drinks terribly, don't order a sampler' loud enough for me and the entire bar to hear. It was awkward. Fortunately our actual server at our table was really nice & friendly.