Ack, a trip to the mall at the opposite end of town from where I live.  Ok, here we go.

At first we were supposed to eat at Red Robin which was crazy busy.  The "Two Kids Eat Free w/One Adult Entree" caught my eye at this place and goody goody, there was no line.  It was a beautiful 70 degrees outside so we decided to eat on their patio.  I love to dine outside.  It's a little luxury of mine and makes feel like l'm in a cafe in a foreign country.  We were seated within 5 minutes.  The patio was nicely decorated with plants, vines and flowers.  We had little finches hopping around here and there.  

The food was good, not great, but good.  The chips and salsa, however, were excellent.  I think the salsa was my favorite part of my entire meal.  (Good salsa is hard to come by.)  I believe they must roast their tomatoes because it had that smokey flavor to it and some charred pieces.  

We ordered:
The Laredo--soft/crunchy chicken taco, chicken tamale, chicken enchilada, beef enchilada.  (I went with the soft chicken taco.)  It came with a side of some sweet corn ball of something (I can't remember what it's called, obviously).  Everything was ok.  I enjoyed the soft chicken taco best.
Nachos (5 pieces)--half chicken and half steak.  Hubby and kid liked it.
Kids meal--one crunchy and one soft chicken taco with a side of grilled veggies and fresh fruit.  The kids preferred the soft taco and ate all their veggies and fruit.

The kid's meal comes with desert, ice cream or jello.  I had a taste of the ice cream and wished my meal came with it.  (Does being a kid at heart count?)  The cone was like a deep fried tortilla or something with cinnamon sprinkled on it topped with vanilla.  I usually don't care for vanilla (a bit too boring/bland for my taste).  But they put magic into this one!  It was so good.

The kids meal options also had beans and cheese burritos, hamburgers and chicken fingers, I think, with your choice of 2 sides (fresh fruit, grilled veggies, french fries, and that sweet corn thingy).

And true to their word, the kids ate for free.  

I would definitely come back here when I venture down to this mall, if not to eat a meal, then at least for the chips and salsa!