What do you know, I went back!  The owner was kind enough to email me a while back and we discussed what it was I was unhappy with, he gave me some recommendations based on my tastes, and he sent me a gift certificate to try them out again.  This time around, instead of a dismal one star rating, I find myself wavering between 3 and 4.  I will clarify that I would like to give this place 3.5 but I am rounding up because I have never had chicken as juicy as I did the other night in my entire life.

The husband and I stopped by here right after work, at about 4, and there were a handful of tables already full.  As the time progressed, it became much busier.  I would also like to report that the strong artificial cherry port-a-potty smell I picked up on last time is no longer there.  All I smelled was the food.  We seated ourselves, I glanced over the menu, and I knew what I was going to order.  Thanks to reviews from nathan and Amber, I ordered the quesapilla as an app, and for my entree, I went with the Baja Chicken Burro per the owner's suggestion.

The Quesapilla came out quickly and was already oozing cheese.  I cut it open to share and I couldn't help but stare and watch the cheese slowly fall out.  It was like porn to me.  I have an addiction to food porn.  The taste of it was fantastic.  The cheese tasted great and the crispy/soft shell around it was very nice.  The Baja Chicken Burro (a chicken burrito deep fried and then baked, then topped with cheese and cream cheese sauce) was delicious.  The outside was perfectly crisp, there was just enough cheese, and the cream cheese sauce was perfect!  I was nervous about the sauce because I am not the biggest fan of cream cheese, but this was really great.  It was slightly spicy with a really nice cooling effect because of the dairy.  The chicken was incredible.  It was so juicy and so flavorful I thought I might have a foodgasm.  I can't believe I am saying that about Mexican food, but it's true.  They know their chicken.

Overall, the food was fantastic, much better this time, but the service was okay.  It started off really strong with our drinks coming immediately after we ordered them, and subsequently our food, but after we finished we were left waiting about 20 or so minutes just to get our check.  I also couldn't help but notice while we were waiting, that this place seems to be so friendly.  The owner knew so many of the customers by name and was genuinely interested in their lives.  It was refreshing to see that kind of friendliness.  I take back my original review, it was very clearly an off day.  My husband and I very much enjoyed our food this time around.  Next time I have a taste for Mexican food (probably next cinco de mayo week) I will think about stopping by again.