In a town with an astronomical number of options for Mexican cuisine, its hard to stand out.  The one thing that stands out about Comedor (at least to me), is the sheer scale of their operation.  Huge parking lot, huge waiting area, huge restaurant, huge menu, you get the idea.  I've been told that depending on your arrival time, the wait can be epic.  On a Saturday at lunch, I came here with a friend and the wait was a pretty benign 10 minutes.  Once seated, I pretty much settled into a familiar groove as the menu, the service, and the flavors all reminded me of local Mexican establishments I'd frequented for years.

We were actually seated all the way in the back room.  Took us about three left turns to get there, but even the back room was packed.  That said, the place wasn't crazy noisy.  Very casual, comfortable atmosphere inside.  Our server was on her A game the whole meal as she was friendly, fast, and accommodating.  I had asked my friend what (if anything) was the signature dish of the house, but she couldn't really point to any one thing so I decided to go for a combo plate this go around.  Since this is a Sonoran Mexican food establishment, I figured a collection of familiar Sonoran favorites would be a appropriate.  Combination Plate #1 contains a cheese enchilada, beef taco, bean tostada, rice and beans.  For $9, I figured that would be a good way to peer into Comedor's own house take on these familiar staples.

Food came out less than 10 minutes after we ordered.  The food was good, though you could be forgiven for thinking you were eating the exact same food with the exact same taste as other local Mexican establishments.  I suppose that's not necessarily a bad thing if you're like me and enjoy food at said establishments, but my friend was correct that none of the items really exceed any other place I've been.  My favorite item was the beef taco and it reminds me of one I've had at La Piñata.  The enchilada was also good and it reminded me of one I've had at Macayo's.  The beans and rice were also good and reminded me of those I've had at Mejico Cocina.  So all in all, the food was tasty and familiar, but you can absolutely find these staples at various Mexican establishments throughout the valley.  The big difference here is just a matter of scale.

Total cost for the combo plate, glass of water, tax and tip came to about $12.  The entire menu is pretty inexpensive (which likely explains the huge crowds here) and there's plenty of variety on the menu to choose from.  Next time I come here I'll probably give the seafood menu a try (though it'll probably remind me a lot of Mariscos Playa Hermosa).  So three stars for the food as it was good even though the cuisine didn't stand out too much from other similar valley establishments.  Four stars for the ambiance and atmosphere as the environment is super comfortable, family friendly and the restaurant is well kept inside and out.  And five stars for the service as they did a great job getting us seating pretty quickly despite the crowds, the server was excellent, and I had no trouble getting a parking spot at their huge lot.  So yeah, four stars is probably about right.  A good value for people of pretty much any means, only super-sized.