Dropped in on this place last Saturday. Kept hearing about in via word of mouth, so grabbed the 86B and strolled down the hill. 

Given neighborhood, I initially confused the place, for someone having a lively houseparty. An old head-high fence and hanging lamps with their illumination filtering through the wood beams.

The crowd is not what I call a traditional "hipster" crowd that you may encounter  a la Brillobox. More "mature" if that has any meaning nowadays. The front bar area was small, but never gave off the impression of sardine packed-in-ed-ness. What appealed to me the most is the general sociability of the place. They talk to strangers here, and while that may be tied to the people than the place, per se, it adds to it, imho.

All waitresses/servers are *amazingly* hot and friendly. Grabbed a seat. Drank two caipirinhas and a hopdevil. Packed full of kick. Mason jars, are strange to drink out of, unless you are from the south or Missouri.  I have no such problem, and it gives off a very down-to-earth air that I would expect out of Lawrenceville. Costs seem to be "midling." 6-7 bucks for some of the drinks. That is not huge to me, but may be to others.

Menu looked tasty, and had some Spanish and Mexican beers I ran into during my foreign travels.  Did not sample food menu, but will in the future. 

A great jukebox, and given the sensitivity of my ears, the volume was not too too bad...for a while. Later on that night, not sure if they cut it higher or if certain albums play louder than others. It seemed less of a problem than other places in terms of sheer "blast."

There appears to be a secondary room of tables and chairs behind the front bar area, and going further to the rear of the establishment and up the hill is an intriguing grassy patio area. Did not explore that, because I'm a friendless wuss who is afraid of looking like a loser, but if you come with 5+ folk, you may want to snag a spot out there early and see what stars you may be able in amongst all the air pollution.

This is close to a 5, but I only gave 4 due to the slowness of getting served at times. It seems like there is no bar to serve clients on the rear-patio area; the two ladies in the front were very busy cranking out drinks for all, so I could not fault them for the time it took. The time was due to the crush, versus indicative of any rudeness or lack of attentiveness. If they could resolve that, or add more barstaff, I think it would tip it over into perfection.

This place has character, good service, good people, and thankfully is a work in progress.