I love Blanco Tacos and Tequila in Scottsdale for their fresh ingredient menu as well as the outside firepits and patio! Now that there is a Blanco at Biltmore,  I was anxious to see how this location fared against the Scottsdale one. I was not let down.
 My best friend., Jeran and I decided Blanco was perfect during some impulsive shopping in Biltmore Fashion Park and we noticed, NOT only was it Taco Tuesday, BUT, it was happy hour!! Double win! We started with freshly made margaritas and the Blanco's Famous freshly made guacamole off the half off happy hour menu. HALF OFF!!! You can't go wrong with a margarita, guac, and gossip on a hot summer day in the desert!   I am blown away by the quantity of tequila choices at Blanco. From blanco to anejo to reposado to ultra tequilas, and even a couple of mezcals for the super brave! There are more than fifty plus types of tequila to line up with your salt and lime. Impressive! I had not ever paid attention to all the variety before and it's important for any place highlighting 'tequila' in it's title. If it were a weekend night , this would be one place to begin , or end the fun. Because we all know what tequila does !?
Our waiter was very helpful in suggesting what tequila to match our tastes and for our choice of margaritas.The margaritas on the menu are 'built' with a certain tequila, but you are able to change them up, if you would like. Good to know!  He also kept us hydrated with never allowing our h2o to go beyond half empty ... Or half full? I opted for the White Peach and Hibiscus margarita and my buddy stuck with his usual , the  Classic marg. Yum with a caramba! Thank Jose we had more shopping at Biltmore to do, as that libation went down way too fast and too smoothly...  
As far as food, I had the Seafood Salad. Full of fresh veggies and jicama;   I added grilled shrimp to it, as well. Not heavy on the dressing, and it honestly didn't need it with as loaded and tasty as the salad was. Perfect!  Jeran had a Carne Asada Burrito, which I swear he was so picky in ordering, I can't remember what he ended up with, (or maybe that was the tequila again?) ; But when it arrived, he was happy!   The waiter, again, never missed a beat and we both walked away with NO tacos on Tuesday , ( I think it's original  reason we wanted Blanco on this day??!) again... Tequila ! But we did walk away to shop tipsy ...full and happy! Yay! Hasta luego Blanco .. Until we meet again! Maybe for that Taco Tuesday??