Brunch and I have a love hate relationship. I love me an excuse to drink early in the day. I love me the straddled line between breakfast and lunch. I also love me the $35 something price tag for their all you can eat brunch. Add $8 for all you can drink mimosas and I am on my way to a great Sunday afternoon. 

They do small plates for all of their brunch offerings. If you are there with a large party, they will prepare items on platters and present it family style. 

What we had:

Green corn tamales- It was less a solid tamale and more of a corn pudding style in consistency. The flavors were amazing. It has a little kick, but the corn was so bright and sweet. 

Plantain Empandas- The sweetness of the bananas balanced out the saltiness of the cheese and black beans. The green chilies made it a well rounded dish.

Bacon Jalapeno PB&J- Loved this dish. It is a fat kids dream. A breakfast sandwich jammed together with every kids favorite simple sandwich makes me drool a little bit. I won't lie, I make these at home from time to time and this version is everything I want it to be and more.

Peruvian Shrimp and Grits- Uh, yes please. The sauce has a kick and the grits are creamy.

Skirt Steak and Eggs- The meat and eggs are cooked to perfect. The best protein on the menu.

Yucatan Eggs Benedict- Too much biscuit. It is basically a toad in a hole, but overwhelming.

Machaca Chiaquiles- A pile of mush. Odd dish.

Short Rib Hash and Eggs- Too many eggs by this point. How many innocent casualties must be left in our path!

Churro Tots- Not as good as they sound. Odd sweet and sourness to them. Not quite a beignet, not quite a doughnut.

Fig & Blue Cheese Quesadillas- The figs were the best part. Everything else got left behind.

Lobster Pancakes- The biggest disappointment of the day. Little to no lobster sprinkled on top and it was an actual pancake. Weird combination.

By the end, we were all tired and stuffed. The beginning half of the menu is by far the better half. I could have stopped at the Churro Tots and not think twice about the rest.