Judging by the mixed reviews for Mi Casa, I think your experience here might largely depend on what you order.

The first time I visited I ordered poorly and the whole experience was rather meh. Then, a year or so ago we got hold of a groupon and tried again. Ever since I have been eager to head over to the Silverton for some cheap, tasty Mexican fare. The sort of stuff I want to eat when I don't feel like anything lavish like Border Grill.

Now, I won't lie, Mi Casa eternally disappoints me in that they don't really do a big plate of nachos that you can, not only enjoy in the restaurant, but graze off in leftover form for days afterward. This instantly derails my standard order, so what I like to do here is mix it up with an order of grilled Sonoran corn, which is delicious, followed by chicken fajitas and maybe round it off by sharing a fried ice cream. I also once sampled the chicken wings here and found them to be huge, crispy, and excellent.

The real surprise here is the fajitas. Fajitas are usually pretty hit and miss for me. They always -look- fun, but the reality is often some overcooked, rubbery meat among a sea of limp, oily, tasteless vegetables, served with dry tortillas. That's not the case here. I can't believe I'm going to say it, but these are the best fajitas I have ever tasted. The meat is prepared with love, sliced AFTER grilling so it's not all dry, and the vegetables are chunky with a nice sear - not too oily. On top of all that they serve it with some sort of amazing sauce drizzled over the top.

Over the past year or so my Mexican standards have risen. Placed I used to rave about like Coyote's on Sunset and Guadalajara at Sunset Station now seem pretty lowbrow and mediocre (except for the salsa bar at Guad - that's worth the price of the meal on its own). Mi Casa, though, if I order right, is a surprisingly excellent Mexican offering at a more than decent price. If you've been here and been less than blown away, it might benefit you if you gave it another shot one day - maybe if you're in the area and can't decide what to eat. Order something different - maybe the fajitas - and see if, like me, your experience here can be amazing if you hit the bullseyes on the menu.