I would've given this place 5 stars because the food was probably the best Mexican food I'd ever eaten but the service wasn't up to par.  Granted that we went during the Queen's Feast, which we totally forgot that it was going on.  I've worked in many restaurants and have also worked in a nice restaurant that participated in Charlotte's Queen's Feast and I know how busy you are but I also know that you shouldn't make your guest feel rushed ESPECIALLY since you didn't spiel the Queen's Feast specials to them and they ordered off the regular menu.  My boyfriend, daughter, and my baby went and waited for 1.5 hours (we were told before hand that the wait would be 45 min!)to be seated.  The hostesses were nice and we didn't mind waiting but with two kids that was quite a long time considering we were going to eat at the Firebirds next door but decided on a different restaurant because they told us the wait would be less. Any way, once seated our server was a male and right off the bat I can tell he was rushing us, my boyfriend asked if there were any specials and he told us they didn't for that day.  Never once did he informed us that it was Queen's Feast and the restaurant was featuring a menu for the event.  He got us our appetizers and our entree's (very quickly)  and everything was delicious.  I got the Frontier Fajita with Chicken and Steak, it was probably the best Fajita dish I've ever eaten and it came with all the condiments I would have wanted to add to my Fajita.  The seasoning was perfect and the portions was excessive.  My boyfriend got the Barbacoa dish and he is a big fan of Barbacoa, he said that was the most delish dish of Barbacoa he's had.  My daughter had the kids dish, Chicken Quesadilla and fries, she really enjoyed her dinner. We didn't finish most of our foods and asked for to go boxes. The server came by a few times to see how  things were going, he offered to box up our food for us.  I knew he was probably busy and weeded and was unsure if I wanted him to box our food up but my boyfriend said "yes".  I was still eating so he boxed up my boyfriend's dish, my daughter's, and our appetizers. My baby needed his little hands washed so I left with my daughter to go to the bathroom, When I came back, my food was gone, I assumed our server boxed it up for me while I was gone. We ordered the Quatro Leches cake and it was divine. It was perfectly made, very buttery and moist with I'm guessing is a marshmellow type topping that's slightly browned on top. My boyfriend went ahead and paid for our dinner and I have to say, it certainly didn't hurt our wallet!  Great food for a great price. My boyfriend asked if ALL the food was in the bag and the server said yes so we didn't question it. But before my boyfriend can even eat a bite of our dessert, our server came back and asked if he can box up the dessert, my boyfriend's response was "umm no, I'm still eating".  I know you are busy but you as a server still need to ensure your guest have a good dining experience. I was ready to go at that point ,  We left Cantina and went home. When we got home and checked our food, our server did not box up my fajita. The food was also just thrown in the box. I was very disappointed as I really didn't get to eat too much with having to take care of my 8 mth old. I was really looking forward to finishing my dinner at home! There was a lot left too....so I was a sad bunny with no fajita. I had to make me some noodles instead!  So over all, I like the restaurant and love the food, but...the service could've been better,  And I know its restaurant week but your service should never be less. We left a good tip too...we always do.  We will be going back and hopefully the service will be better. :)