One tell tale sign of a restaurants authenticity is when people in their own community support it.  Tex mex is so popular, and luckily for us Tacos El Gordo serves up truly legit Mexican.  Outdoor and indoor seating is available, but when you are from Canada and you have the opportunity to dine outdoors in March, you take it.  The ordering process is slightly confusing.  Upon walking in to the restaurants, there is a cashier, and you would think that you pay first and then order, wrong.  Instead you go in the designated line, for steak, pork, etc, order, and then you pay.  It is amazing to watch the food be completely prepared for you form scratch in minutes.  On your way to pay, their is an additional toppings bar that was stocked with limes, radish, etc.  We ordered 6 tacos and paid $12 for two people, where most of the fancy restaurants on the strip that is the price one cocktail.  I am a self admitted taco snob, just because i have had so many legit tacos.  These tacos rate up their with some of the best.  They come on corn or flour, but for me their is only one option, corn is a must.  For the carne asada, the meat was tender, and they chop and cook it on the flat top seconds before putting it on a tortilla with onions, herbs, and guacamole.  It had so much flavour without being too hot, it was extremely fresh, my one complaint was that there was too much guacamole.  The pork taco again had so much flavour  from the cilantro, it tasted so bright, and with a squeeze of lime i was totally satisfied.  Both tacos had a good base of extremely flavourful meat, they didnt need to be topped with a million ingredients to make them taste great, they were simple, authentic, and boasting with flavour.

Overall i loved Tacos El Gordo, they make a lot of las vegas residents and tourists happy with an amazing product that they dish out hundreds of times daily.  My only complaint was the whole ordering process, the cashier was helpful, but i am sure she tires of telling people where to line up.  One suggestion would be more signage.  I cannot wait for my next visit, i might be more adventurous next time.