"So, Stephy, what do you feel like eating for dinner tonight?"

"Cozy!"

"Is Cozy a cuisine?"

It is at Richardson's. Wow, talk about walking into a place and instantly feeling welcome, warm, cozy and yummy. Now let it be said, right here and now, that the whole "New Messico" food is not really up my alley. Tex Mex, do they call it? Newp, not my thing at all, but good hearty comfort food on a chilly night always sounds good and so we ventured on over to Richardson's to see what they were cooking up.

But first...wine. (You can't order food without wine, duh.)

So, we ordered a tasty bottle of Chilean red (imagine that, me, order a spicy red, nooo!!) and as the four of us waited for our table we looked over the menu and read the many specials up on the boards. Fish seemed to be the hot dish of the night, but once I saw one of my favorite words....SCALLOPS...it was kind of a no brainer as to what I was gonna order.

We then were seated in a super cozy booth in the back and after the four of us devoured the pizza app we ordered it was time to order the main attractions. The boys had Chimayo chicken and the carne adovada and Gabi K and I tried the scallop appetizer and the special scallop pasta. Sadly this is where the review goes south...

SALT. There's a reason you often hear the word "pinch" next to "salt." If it's over done, yikes, it's just gross and their blackened coating is like a salt lick. Which was sucha  bummer, because those scallops were cooked to perfection, but after attempting to scrape off the blackening on 4 of them, I finally just gave up. Perhaps the way to go is to just ask for them grilled. I think they would be superb then, but stay away from the salty blackened option.

Other than that minor thing, I really enjoyed our experience here. The waiter was a great sport considering we had two comedians with us and put up with all of our silliness. The only other thing was the check sitch. I guess they don't like to split a check more than 2 ways. Eventually they split ours 3 ways after persisting, so i might suggest asking ahead of time if they can split the bill if you are planning on anymore than two cards.

:)