After having eaten at the Border Grill in Mandalay Bay, we knew we had to make the trip here to check out this one. 

First of all, the location: this restaurant may not be in the most convenient place to stumble upon. If you're going here from the front desk, this will be a bit of a trek, but that's totally okay because it works up that appetite, so you can devour even more food. It's worth finding. 

Second, the decor: it is just the right blend of casual and classy. I felt comfortable here, and I enjoyed the fact that the glasses and light boxes were Mary Sue's husband's design. 

Third, the service: their staff is incredibly attentive and friendly. They were accommodating and efficient. 

Finally, the food: the variety of salsas is always welcome. I love being able to try each one and find your favorite. Personally, I love the spicier one that can be brought out when requested. The chile relleno burger is incredibly messy, but it is such a unique burger and an incredibly good one. The only complaints we could find with it were that we wish the chile relleno was a little bigger, and the burger wasn't quite as smashed down. But that being said, you really can't complain too much -- it's quality food. The carne asada quesadilla is fantastic. It's flavorful, and a lunch that could last me the rest of the day. The corazon lemonade is incredibly. Easily the best I have ever had. You can just tell that the quality of their ingredients is higher than most anywhere. The juices are hand-squeezed. The meats are antibiotic and hormone free. Most everything, including tortillas, is made in house. This is the real deal. So, if you find the prices to be a little high, consider how much work the staff puts in to make quite literally everything on your table and the natural ingredients that each item is made from. 

Ultimately, this is a great restaurant. Mary Sue Miliken and Susan Feniger are women I have watched on Top Chef and the Food Network time and time again, and this is a great opportunity to try their food. These women also entrusted the right person in choosing Jennifer Holley as their general manager. She has done an incredible job at opening this location.