This place has the nuts and bolts of an inexpensive, tasty, and authentic Mexican meal for both the spice shy and the experienced burrito ninja.  I will usually seek out the places like this where the Latinos themselves will eat to get more authentic food, and I'll avoid more commercial places like Taco Bell like the Black Death.  I decided to play it safe and tried the enchiladas verdes; they were good, but a little bland for my tastes.  Not a problem--I squeezed limes and poured the salsa that came with the corn chips all over them, and they were wonderful.  My girlfriend ordered 4 corn flour tacos--2 al pastor (seasoned pork) and 2 carne asada (grilled beef), with cilantro and onion, and they were really very good.  Salsa and lime went all over those, too, of course.  We ordered their guacalmole, and liked it.  If you are a beginner and don't like hot spicey foods, you will like it here.  And if you are an experienced aficionado of all things Mexicano, one who isn't intimidated by things like sesos or lengua, you can find more authentic things here, and you can spice them up to suit your tastes.  They even sell that horrid concoction horchata.  It's a tiny place, about as unpretentious as it can be.  The server was attentive and friendly, if not a little shy.  There were vases of fresh cut flowers on the tables, which seemed really pleasant to me.  Like other reviewers have noted, the music was a little loud, but we could still carry on a conversation, and, you know, they seem so nice there, I'm sure they'd turn it down if anyone asked.  The crowd was mixed Latinos and gringos like myself.  There was one little odd thing--our server was dressed in a Mexican costume with a painted on mustache, probably to generate attention and more business, but he looked like he was wearing a giant burrito.   Or maybe a teenage mutant ninja turtle outfit.  It actually ended up making US feel uncomfortable for him.  The location is easy to find on Central, and there is a Vietnamese sandwich shop and cafe going in next door, so I'm excited to see two cool things located conveniently next door to each other like that.  Buen provecho!