I've been to La Comida twice, both in very opposite environments. My first time was during off hours. Only two parties (including mine) were present in the restaurant. The second time was during Cinco de Mayo -- very busy! 

Service 4.5/5 -- Although both experiences were very different, I experienced positive customer service. There's a server there who is extremely helpful who served us the first time... He's the guy who also works at Firefly! 

My second time I sat at the bar to eat and had a bartender on our side who was busy. He was an older gentleman with white hair. He was quite inattentive with us and I understand how busy it was (I work in the restaurant business as well) but I really found it hard to capture his attention, especially when I was ready to order things. I personally felt like he skipped over us and couldn't even give us a "okay, be right there" type of response. He did end up noticing that I was probably slightly irritated and offered us free shots and a drink. The fact that he acknowledged it made me feel better about the service and the free things just made my experience way better!

Price 4/5 -- it's like $11-14 for three tacos. They're pretty delicious, though, and the food comes with delicious rice and beans and chips and salsa. It was $10ish for the Blood Orange Magarita. 

Food 4.5/5 -- the tacos are delicious! I had the pollo and carne asada tacos. I am a huge fan with how fresh it tasted! The meat wasn't dry like some other places and the tacos had the right flavors. The Spanish rice that comes with your meal was also sooooooo delicious. I sometimes crave it! The guacamole is delicious as well! Yummy yummy. The salsa is free and yummy as well!

I ordered the blood orange margarita and it was so delicious! Does it even have any alcohol?! I could drink it like juice. The tequila shots we ordered were in the cutest cups too. 

Overall, positive experiences despite the little hiccups in the beginning. Food and drinks are yummy but a little on the pricy side. I would come back here every now and then and definitely recommend their margaritas!