Happy Hour from 4-7pm Tuesday -  Sundays. All Drinks are half off, including the amazing mojito's! There is close to a dozen mojito flavors from original to mango and coconut! Yummy!

I ordered the original mojito and asked for less sugar, because mojito's are made with simple syrup. I guess that was my version of a "skinny" mojito. The bartender made it rather well. Now that it is starting to get warmer in Las Vegas, it was delightful and refreshing happy hour drink I enjoyed at the bar before my party arrived. They make their mojito's the correct way with lots of freshly muddled mint and freshly squeezed lime juice! The bar is sectioned off by a large glass panels. The patio and outdoor seating seemed pleasant, however, that is where they allow smokers to smoke. :/ If there is any kind of breeze, non-smokers will enjoy some second hand smoke on their behalf. 

I believe on the weekends, the restaurant turns into a latin dance party....

Whenever I eat here I always get the same thing. The "Arroz Blanco, Frijoles negros Y Platanos Fritos" which is white rice, cuban style black beans, and sweet plantains. I usually substitute the plantains for yucca mojo, which is their signature dish. Nothing short of amazing! Yucca is a root that is slowly steamed down to its perfect texture, almost melting in your mouth. The mojo sauce consists of olive oil, garlic, lemon/lime juice. Also topped with sauteed onions. Their cuban style black beans are also slowly cooked down, they don't use stock, it's just water, the beans and spices reduced down to the perfect texture. This dish is GLUTEN FREE! :)

The service is usually better than average. This time around our server spoke good English so the language barrier was not an issue, but most of them, English is a second language. The menu is in Spanish and English, so that too is helpful. 

Don't forget to finish your meal with a cuban coffee! Oh yums! Basically it's espresso with sugar, if you prefer. Just gives a nice jolt after eating all that yummy food!