I've eaten here twice now - both times with a small group (party of 5 once and a party of 12 or so last night). I've sampled more than a few dishes and I've decided that they earn about a 3.5 for food and service (which is a bump up from my original assessment). I've given them a 4 because of their ambiance - specifically the back patio. 

First off - the food. Everyone likes to argue over what "authentic" mexican food is and people bitch about how this or that restaurant isn't authentic so it's not good. That's a bunch of horse shit. Mexico is largely a poor country (as well as being fairly large) and their affluent areas have cuisine influenced by Europe while the rest of the country varies wildly depending on the region. 

Authentic Mexican food is a mixture of cheap and fresh and spicy. They use foods that absorb flavors well and they use whatever is available that they can afford. The spices originated out of a need to cover up the fact that you weren't eating the best cut of meat or whatever. Authentic Mexican food isn't even that good or particularly good for you - if you spent some time deep in Mexico, you would be shitting your intestines out 6 times a day for a month or two until you got used to it.

Anyway - The argument really annoys me. You want authentic, then you should go to one of those shitty diarrhea inducing taco stands that litter the valley and that are run by authentic illegal Mexicans and that are often getting shut down for serving cat meat or for too many health code violations. Everything is made with lard and/or comes from a giant can and/or is cooked in a vat. Authentic. Enjoy.

This place is as authentic as any except they thankfully probably use higher quality ingredients as do most places in the valley. I guess compared to other local joints claiming to be authentic - I'd say this is closer in flavor to what you might expect from a higher end restaurant in Mexico than Tee Pee or whatever. 

I grade Mexican food places mainly on 3 things - their chips and salsa, their shredded beef, and their margaritas. I don't eat beans, so I try to ask a friend who does what they thought so I have some perspective on that. I also try to test out their chicken, cheese and guacamole on a second visit. 

Frank and Lupe's chicken was flavorless as was their cheese... they put it in a mole sauce which was decent. Their Margaritas weren't very strong, but tasted okay - they gave me a headache and put me to sleep when I got home. The beef had too much 'stuff' in it and I wasn't happy when I ate that. Some places cook their beef in stuff for flavor and then just serve the beef while others cook the beef and then mix it with cooked veggies and stuff for flavor. I'm a fan of the former rather than the latter. 

Their chips were decent, but nothing special. The salsa was pretty spicy (when we asked for the hot), but it didn't have as much flavor as I like. So basicaly I wasn't wowed by Frank and Lupe's - I just thought it was "ok." The service was decent - everyone was very nice, but be prepared to wait for a long time. This place doesn't do fast. 

Going to the back patio here is really nice when the weather is good or on a cool evening. It's a great little spot and a solid choice for dinner or a group having drinks and snacks before going clubbing. It beats the shit out of Pink Taco and Tee Pee though. 

Fun fact: they don't take reservations (so they say) if the party is smaller than 20.