Celebrated a birthday dinner here thanks to go old yelp recommendations... 
Then Celebrated how delicious the food was after!  Ambiance was perfect. Dim but not too dark with contemporary furnishings. Not sure what day time dining is like but it's perfect for a nice dinner out on Saturday night.  

FOODS: 
Delicious for your modern Mexican take on classic dishes. We destroyed the complimentary chips and salsa.  Ordered the Calamari and guacamole. Calamari was meh...I would pass on that. 
Guacamole was fresh and creamy with a little spicy bits in it (recommend).
Then the main course came. Wow. WOW!
Skirt steak with chimichurri was bomb.com (is that cool to say still/was it ever?). The steak (ordered medium) melts in your mouth with the right amount of char and pink on the inside.  Flavor profile was like an explosion of amazingness in your mouth. Not too much cilantro to over power the classic taste of the steak and an avocado mix on top perfectly balanced with the flavors of the steak. 
I chose the mexican street style corn as my side. Anyone ever have "ELOTES"? (you know, the street vendor corn with parm. cheese and chili powder). TOTALLY recommend ordering this as your side, of course it's fancied up with cotija cheese.

The sig-other ordered the shrimp tamales. Now she is a what you would call a shrimp connoisseur. or maybe just obsessed with SHRIMP (a la "Pvt. Benjamin Buford 'Bubba' Blue). This dish did NOT disappoint. The shrimp were of herculean size and were perfectly cooked! Full of flavors and not just a skimpy tamale like your used too.
Overall a delicious culinary experience.

SERVICE:
It seemed like the server was a little off-putting, maybe to the point of acting annoyed to be serving a large party (not really, just 8 people!).  I guess it didn't help when we started the meal by ordering our free glass of wine with yelp check in. BUT STILL! cmon man, i understand gratuity is now included with a large party BUT we can still add more if you give us exceptional service! 
Also, they were grabby with our seemingly empty plates. (umm theres like 3 calamari rings and some guac still, I'm not done yet please ask!)

One good thing was that my water was never empty (one of my standards for quality of service). 
If it weren't for service this place would get 5 stars! 

Overall i recommend this place! DO IT! GO! Cmon!