So I have been using yelp for a while now so I figured it was finally time to contribute and help others out. This will be my very first review. 

I found this website on a foodie's webpage and I yelped it. The reviews were 98% 5 star so I said it was a must visit. 

I am visiting my mom and she had never been there either. 

Ok so we pull up to the restaurant and had no clue where we were supposed to park so we pulled a U and came back and parked in the slanted parking at the front. My mom said uh are you sure about this place it looks kinda dumpy. I had read on the other website not to let the outside fool me so I said yep and we went in. The look on the inside is completely different than the feel from the outside. Outside you kinda feel like you need to be looking over your shoulder. 

We arrived at around 730-8pm last night (Saturday) and were seated right away. 

Ordered the guac. Not really sure what the big deal is. And not really sure why it is over 10 bucks. It didn't have that much flavor. To be honest, I was expecting the best guacamole I have ever had for such a price and because of the reviews on here. 

The bread and salsa for the table is kinda weird. The bread was excellent, but I don't like olives so I didn't like the salsa. 

My mom had a sangria. She didn't like it so she gave it to me. It was kind of bitter, but I put up with it. It didn't have any slices of fruit in it except a little bitty piece of lime. Pretty disappointing for an $11 drink. 

I had the pork plate and my mom had the duck. The plates were beautiful. The pork was tender tender tender. It is a flavor I am not used to so it took me a while to adjust. Overall it was good. 

The duck had a great taste. She ordered it medium rare, most of it was cooked to order. 

We were too stuffed for dessert. 

Our server was very nice. 

The pros - good experience, lots of menu choices, good food, smells wonderful

The cons - poor parking, you will be a little crowded, $10 guacamole and $11 glass of sangria?? come on are you for real?

Other than that I would definitely go back because I saw some people eating things I wanted to try haha. And now I know not to get the guacamole or sangria.