Just drove through The Stand drive-thru as it was too late to start cooking something and, to be quite honest, I was feeling lazy.  I had been watching for months in anticipation as they transformed the building into the cool spot it is now.  I could see inside and they've done a nice job of maximizing the seating but still giving it a good feel and the closed in patio is a nice touch.  I have to ADD a bit here and say, as a side note, I was equaled fascinated looking at the National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation looking RV that was parked in the adjacent lot for months while they were renovating The Stand.  I fully expected Randy Quaid to step outside and state, "the shitter's full".  I digress. 

As you pull up to the drive-thru, the menu board is big and easy to read.  This isn't your typical fast food.  Fresh and hormone free meat, never frozen.  Simple and fresh.  From the time I ordered until I received my food, it was a matter of minutes.  The service is friendly and genuine.  They repeated my order to me after I ordered, when I got to the window and after they handed me my bag to make sure it was correct before I drove off.  That, my friends, should be done by every drive-thru so you don't get all the way home and then find something missing.  The food was still hot when I got home.  10 stars for service and friendliness.  There must've been 3 employees and what appeared to be the owners-husband and wife.  All had smiles on their faces and the place was ultra clean inside.  

On to the food order:
2 short rib tacos: the beef was sweet and flavorful and the accompanying pickled red cabbage, cojita y cremoso, diced  white onion, and fresh cilantro were the perfect compliment.  It all came wrapped inside 2 white corn tortillas.  

1 veggie taco: fresh seasonal vegetables, quinoa & black bean, pickled red onion, pickled red cabbage, and fresh cilantro.  Pretty straight forward and fresh tasting.  I'd recommend a touch longer on the veggies and a hint of smokiness but otherwise no improvement needed.  But hey, I'm a carnivore so what do I know.  It may be perfect to a more cultured non-flesh eater.

1 Stand burger with cheese and crisp hand-leafed lettuce,
fresh tomato, sliced onion, dill pickles, american cheese, and stand sauce and a very just right bun.  Hot, juicy, yumminess and just right.  I thought about adding the Niman Ranch bacon(which is always great and rich.  I mean hell, it's bacon and damn good bacon so enough said) but I'm a burger purist and wanted to try the burger on it's own merit the first time.  It passed with flying colors.  This is one of the best burgers in town.  Of any walk-in or drive-thru through burger joint in the Valley, this is in the top 2.  Paradise Valley Burger is still my favorite though but The Stand is right up there.  

1 vanilla shake: sweet but not too sweet, great vanilla flavor and oh so delicious. OMFG times 1000.  highly recommend.  

Quick summary: burger and shake both 5 stars, tacos 3 stars, and service was excellent.

Kudos and compliments to The Stand.  You're a couple minutes from my house so I'll be back very soon!