I visited Scottsdale for a week (never been to Arizona before).  I arrived on Sunday and stopped in Barrio Queen for lunch.  Service was very friendly and on point.  I was by myself and sat at a table.  My waitress took the time to actually talk to me even though she had many other tables she was waiting.  I ordered off the taco menu (very extensive with many different choices).  I liked that it was almost like ordering sushi where I had to mark what I wanted on a paper menu.  Food came quickly and service was with a smile.  

I liked the place so much, that I returned later in the week (5 days later to be exact).  This time I came for dinner and sat at the bar since I was again eating alone and I hate taking up a table when there are bigger parties that could make better use of said table.  As I walked up to the front door, I was greeted by the hostest.  She quickly pointed out that she remembered me from earlier in the week.  I thought this was very impressive since I had only ever been there once and I'm sure she sees a ton of people coming and going while seating people.  As I said before I sat at the bar.  Bartender was very friendly.  He was talkative, but not overly like some bartenders tend to get...where it sometimes gets annoying.  He suggested a beer for me to try since I wasn't sure what I wanted to drink and I'm pretty open to trying new things.  He even took the time to give me the history of that very beer brand.  As I was looking over the menu, a waitress that was not even working my area stopped and looked over my shoulder as she was waiting for drinks from the bar.  She made a few suggestions for things I should try and pointed out what her favorites where.  I didn't even ask and here the staff was going out of their way to make my experience a  good one.  When you work in any industry, customer service is the KEY to success!!!  I did take her advice and ordered a chicken dish that she had suggested.  I REALLY loved it!!!  I will definitely recommend Barrio Queen to others visiting the area!!!