We found this place completely by chance on a rainy Sunday. Situated in a Strip of shops on 16th Street just south of Thomas, the neighborhood itself can make some want to put pedal to the metal and zoom straight through. But I am kind of the opposite. I love a few little places I have found around here including a little Mexican Snack/Ice Cream Shop just a few blocks south of Barrio. Any way back to Barrio. I really didn't know what to expect not having heard of it but the fresh paint and more modern exterior relative to the neighbors we thought, why not. WOW! We walk in to be surprised by a super busy Sunday Brunch crowd. With perfect timing we were seated within 10 minutes. The guitarist performing was superb, with a wonderful mix of spanish classical and modern favorites. 
It was busy and rather crowded and our table rocked on the saltio tile floors. They offer varying menu but on this day we decided on the Sunday Brunch Menu. Several items ranging between $8-$14. I decided for the Calabasas dish and my friend, who couldn't decide between the huevos rancheros and the chorizo con huevos, on the suggestion of the server got the huevos with a side of chorizo. I ordered the horchata and he had the coffee. 
The meal started with a complimentary basket of crusty french style bread with a mild yet flavor packed red pepper tapanade (a medley of olives, garlic and capers). Followed by our drinks. The coffee, served in a metal press, was very aromatic. My horchata, served in a glass Coca Cola bottle, was very sweet and more highly milk based and not as rice-y as I tend to like. It almost reminded me of egg nog with out the extent of the spices. While good, it was not what I was expecting. 
The plates arrived. My friend raved about his huevos rancheros and said the chorizo was some of the best he has had, I had to agree it was fresh and not greasy. My plato de calabacitas was covered in cheese and the eggs hiding under that layer of cheese and squash. The calabacitas alone could have used some more salt but when combined with the tomato pico de gallo at the edge of the plate, perfect. The home fries were nicely prepared and flavorful. We left stuffed with no room for desert. 
I will be back to enjoy yet another quality food find.