I rarely admit it in public, but I will for those of you who have lived in Yuma for any period of time...  I am a Yuma native.  I know, most people think that Yuma sucks, and quite honestly I agree to an extent.  I mean, there is a reason why I left.  

Now to get to the point of my public admission...  There are 2 fast food and 1 sit down restaurants in Yuma that anyone who has lived there for more than a few months loves.  I won't say the names b/c I am afraid Yelp will remove my review, but those restaurants are owned by the Gutierrez family.  Seriously, Yumans ship their bean and cheese burritos all over the world to other Yuma natives.  It is a stop that most make when they go back to visit. 

And why have I been talking about Yuma?  Carolina's has got to be a near relative of the family who owns those restaurants.  Or at least originated from the same town in Mexico, because this is the closest thing that I have found to that, VERY FAMOUS among Yumans, restaurants.

Maybe I have been gone too long, but I think that Carolinas may be a little better.  The bean and cheese burritos taste exactly the same, and the salsa is close (Carolinas is better/thicker.)  The machacha meat is near the same taste too, and the folded tacos are identical.  The rolled tacos aren't as good at Carolina's but it is the same taco that you would get in any Mexican household on the border of San Luis, Somerton, or Algadones. The rice is different too, similar but I had it once and I think there was corn in it. Carolinas has a bigger menu and offers more than its Yuma competitors.  

Now, Carolinas isn't for everyone.  Living on the border nearly my whole life and being fed by friend's parents who were Mexico natives (some illegals,) my palate has been refined by traditional Mexican food from the northwest border of Mexico.  I have hard a hard time finding what I would consider good Mexican food here in Phoenix, because it seems to be a smorgasbord of cuisine from all of Mexico. 

So, if you grew up near the southwest border, give Carolinas a try.  You may find that you wont have to drive the 3 hours home when you get a hankering for a bean and cheese or a machaca burrito.  

FYI:  Everytime I have been there it is crazy busy.  So if you are planning on going during lunchtime, dinnertime, or on weekends, plan accordingly and make sure that someone stands and waits for a table while the other people in your group place an order.  Also, true to the Mexican restaurant style...  The tables will probably be dirty so bring some disinfectant wipes if you have issues, don't look at how dirty the floor is, and don't pay mind to the spilt salsa at the self serve salsa station, or the ice that has been dumped all over the machine.  We have been in there quite a few times where there was more ice spilt than actually in the machine.  Consider in ambiance.  This staff is swamped with customers at meal times and it is your fellow patrons that make it that dirty.