We had stopped by another Mexican place wanting something authentic, but they were closed, so we went off on a hunt for "somewhere else".  We ended up at La Casa de Las Enchiladas.  I am so glad that we did.

Most everything else that you need to know has already been said: The English is good, but a bit broken and a few words don't make it through.  Be patient and you'll be fine.  The menu has lots of pictures, but it is also mostly in Spanish (there is English towards the back).  Point, have patience and you'll be fine here as well.  You can get Coca-Cola in a bottle, and though I can't tell you that it's the Mexican variety made with sugar cane, it's definitely possible.   They also have Jarritos and another Apple soda drink that seems interesting (I didn't try it on this trip however).

Service is friendly, the food is good.  Chips especially were some of the best I have had - at some places you get chips that taste like they've been sitting out for hours (or days), but here they all taste fresh.  The salsa is good too.

We had the carne asada, which was a solid choice.  But ultimately, my money is on the mole poblano enchiladas.  I'm not usually a fan of mole, but this was just incredible and quite possibly some of the best Mexican that I've had in Charlotte.  After the first bite I was trying to figure out how I could lick the plate so as to not leave any.

The only downside?  The atmosphere could be a bit better.  I don't mind a location in a strip mall - anyone who has read my reviews should know that.  The seating was actually comfortable.  But the lighting was pretty harsh, and I frequently found that I was trying to cover my eyes to not have to be blinded by them.  A little work there would do wonders, and gain them the coveted fifth star.

The neighborhood is also not the best (somewhat outside of Plaza Midwood), but it's not bad at all, and sometimes you just have to bite the bullet in order to get to the good stuff.  In any case, it's well worth the visit.