If you read my review of Jaleo, you will find that I love, love, love Jose Andres and everthing he touches. China Poblano is one of my go-to restaurants every time my mom comes into town and asks me where I want to eat (I mean, it IS pricy, so I only get to go on my mom's dime ;) ) Everything is so delicious, the service is always on point, and both are consistent. 

Yes, it is expensive (their menu is online available through the Cosmopolitan website with all prices clearly listed). Yes, the portions are small. Yes, it is really more chinese food + mexican food than it is fusion (the food comes from two separate kitchens, after all). 

We always try to order the more rare / odd items .. can't seem to bring myself to pay $14 for a tiny order of siu mai that would probably be better at a dirty hole in the wall dim sum restaurant (sidenote: can anyone recommend a good dim sum restaurant nearby?)

--
Favorite items:
Guacamole with chips and salsa - $15. Handmade at the table, deliciously chunky. Bypass if trying to save money, get it if you're splurging

Viva China taco - $5.50. Rich, chewy, juicy, salty, gooey. Bypass if you do not like foods with "weird" textures. 

Lamb Potstickers stuck on you - $12.88. Pretty, deliciously crispy on the outside and moist, tender lamb on the inside. Must have

Dan Dan Mian - $12.88. Love the texture of the noodles and the flavor of the sauce. Could be spicier. Have never had authentic dan dan noodles, so I could not tell you if these are authentic or not, but delicious nonetheless. Must have. 

Don't Be Jealous - $11.88. This is the biggest portion of hot and sour soup I've ever seen in my life. Definitely meant for at least 4 people. Not a traditional hot and sour soup. Is pretty thick. Very good. 

Discontinued items?:
They had this chile-relleno type item once with pomegranate seeds on it. It did NOT look appetizing but was DELICIOUS. It looks like a frog with red warts on it. I no longer see it on the menu so it may have been a special, but if you see it, I recommend it!

They also used to have scallop ceviche - super untraditional and really expensive for what you are getting, but really fun. Tiny little lime with a slice of raw scallop and some brown sugar in between. Sprayed with tequila. You are meant to pop the scallop in your mouth and bite into the lime in one fell swoop. I no longer see it on the menu, though. 
--
Drinks:
Salt air margarita - $14. What fun! Yummy, boozy fun. 
Blood orange chile pequin margarita - $15 / glass. Yummy, but be careful, it's pretty spicy! 
--

Not such a fan of:
They always push the 20-vegetable fried rice because Johnny Iuzzini said it was his favorite dish on the show "Best Thing I Ever Ate." I find it bland, boring, and wayyyyy overpriced.

Dancing Eggplant - really pretty! I don't really like eggplant in general, though. 
--

Cons about the restaurant itself:
The restaurant is literally right outside of Marquee. At lunch in the summer, it's overrun by trashy girls in swimsuits without coverups and douchey bros trying to get into the dayclub. At dinner time, it's overrun by girls in skimpy dresses wobbling in their heels and douchey bros with popped collars trying to get into the nightclub. Luckily, if you have a reservation, you never have to wait for long, and sometimes they will have you wait inside on the steps rather than out in the throng. 

The chairs in the middle of the restaurant have no backs. I'm a sloucher anyway, but sometimes after a big meal you want to lean back and pat your belly, but if you try to do that you will just topple over. There are no purse hooks under the table, and since the chairs don't have backs, you either have to hold your bag in your lap or, if you are lucky enough to be a group with an odd number of people, on the spare seat.