It was 5th meet up for the The Breakfast Club UYE and this time Aunt Chilada's was picked. We sat out on the patio, thought why not while the weather was still ok.  Aunt Chilada's has a farm fresh breakfast menu you can order from, but they also let you order lunch if that's your thing. Another plus, they accepted reservations for breakfast. That made things so much nicer. We were a party of 10, so any time I can get a reservation in, its helpful.

One of the things I noticed was the salsa had slices olives in it, that's interesting, went well with the chips though!

With our breakfast we also were able to have items from the chocolate fondue fountain, and you be believe I had some chocolate covered strawberries, pineapple, lady fingers, marshmallows, oh and more strawberries, and this was before I even ordered breakfast! haha

I have to say service was a little slow, but there was a couple of big party's at tables, who would have thought on a sat morning, this was the spot, there was even 2 parties  for Monica, that other Monica must have been cool to pick this spot haha.

I ordered the egg burrito, past few breakfast clubs I have been to a breakfast burrito or 2 have been ordered so I have just been craving it! This burrito had scrambled eggs, cheese, potatoes (my top 3 favorite things in a breakfast burrito) and I added chicken to it and asked if they could throw in some jalapenos in it for me!  I wasn't expecting much other than a breakfast burrito, but when it came out I was shocked, it was a huge burrito, and had home styled potatoes, refried beans and the burrito was covered in melted cheese. I was in heaven!  I topped the burrito with salsa and cut into it! Omg it was delish! The jalapenos were fresh and perfect! This was a good breakfast burrito!

If you hadn't thought of Anut Chiladas for breakfast, you should and go give them a try! The Farm Fresh Menu has plenty to choose from. And I have to say I did see the yogurt and fruit dish, and omg it was the best looking one I have seen, fresh layered fruit, just beautiful in color, topped with yogurt and granola, it looked amazing.

Again thank you to everyone who attended The Breakfast Club!! It's always a pleasure sharing a meal with you guys!