Short Version: French-Mexican. Same guys from Zinc Bistro. Hip and trendy if not a little too "hoity-toity" depending on the people working. Get the Pork Shoulder Tacos and start with the Guacamole. On the expensive side for Mexican food, but it's worth it and more than just typical.

Long Version: This place is always a safe bet and it's one of my go-to places when people ask me for recommendations. This is how you make Mexican food unique. The food served always exudes freshness and unique culinary expertise. The must-have for us are the Pork Shoulder Tacos which are perfectly tender and juicy, The Tableside Guacamole which has the perfect kick and zest, and the White Bean Puree which has the perfect texture and flavor.

Now on to the service. We've been here probably 12 times total and always had great service but the last time I went, the service left something to be desired. I came with one of my best friends who is well connected in the restaurant scene and if it wasn't for him, we would've left. We got there on a Sunday night off-peak time with visible empty tables and were told it would be a 45 minute wait. I understand this can happen when they're holding tables for reservations, but one hostess in particular was very smug and snooty about the whole thing. Just as we decided we'd go somewhere else, my buddy saw his friend working and talked to him about getting us in. He happily obliged and got us a table within 10 minutes and continued to take very good care of us throughout the night. Perhaps this is a normal rule in the restaurant OR the hostess was just upset we bypassed her smug attitude and got in anyways, but when I asked her for an extra menu she curtly told me that she didn't have any and told me I have to take my hat off. So, just a bit of warning, even though we're in Arizona where flip flops are pretty much excepted everywhere, don't wear a hat to this restaurant even though it's also a Mexican restaurant, but it IS a higher-end one so there's that. 

Also, don't ask that hostess for a menu. She's incapable of keeping track of the one thing she's responsible for; menus. Good to have friends with connections though!