If I can move my fingers fast enough to write in my over stuffed, overfed, eye drooping food coma but happy body, right now I would like to write this review. lol----The only Mexican Restaurant I can say I truly love is Gallo Blanco. I was excited to hear about this cafe from the same folks/chef but with an organic twist. I visited tonight and they were busy. Not so much when I first got there around 6:30ish but it soon started getting packed. I was greeted quickly and had to wait less than 5 minutes for a table. I chose to sit outside. if you like Gallo you will like it here. Maybe more so since I think the hotel location is just bizzare in the form of mood and atmosphere. (Unless you visit the rooftop pool first-lol) At Otro there is a type of a cool, hip, Chelsea /Greenwich Village  arty, beatnik, type of feel to it. The menu seemed the same but the hostess assured me it is not. (More organic options which has been the chef's dream for the past ten years) Oh well! That all sounds good and dandy to me but I always order the same thing because I love their Carne Asada Tortas and Guac so much! ( I swear one day I have to branch out and try some of their other food items) I usually end up taking half home and tonight was no exception.
   I liked the fruity Ice tea, the hot green salsa ( Not so much the smokey, red one. I do not like smokey tasting anything) and yes I ordered my usual for dinner. I had to knock off a star because the bread was slightly burnt on my Torta ( that is a big no-no for me)  and the Guac seemed bland for some reason. Maybe the recipe is different here? With that said, their Guac is still soooooo yummers and I devoured half the Torta anyway. I never said a word nor sent it back so a solid 4 stars it is. However, I am guessing 5 stars on the next visit. Maybe my taste buds were off or something on the Guac but I did not get that citrus bite I love. For some reason I just wanted to keep reaching for a salt shaker. 
   I have to give 5 stars to the Coconut Pudding though. It was a small piece of heaven. I have been trying to make a good coconut creme cake filling at home but it is never correct. It is either yuk; too fake tasting or too sweet, This pudding is to die for. Not too sweet, smooth as silk, delish in a cup sprinkled with dark chocolate shavings. I died and went to Hawaii.
    Michael was my server but the entire staff, more or less, all chipped in and helped. Michael is a nice man and treated me well. Micheal knows what Haupia is so he gets an extra shout out. I have to admit though he was a little too busy at times. It seems other Yelpers agree maybe they need more help here? 
   Thank you Otro for a nice meal. Perhaps, I should be upset that you totally helped me to ruin my diet plan. Welllll, sadly, it took very little arm twisting. Until next time, "Tiene una buen noche."