Ok sure, the service isn't awesome on a Friday or Saturday night but the quality of the Mexican food here makes up for it!  Autentico!

I'm a SoCal native and have been seeking decent tacos for SO long in the Burgh and of course they arrive as I am departing (shakes fist at sky in taco frustration!).  The pork belly as David mentions is fantastic.  I also really like the empanadas - flaky and meaty.  I think they make them with short ribs?  YUM.  A few times I've been there the corn tortillas for the tacos were a little thick but overall really delicious.  I'm a meat lover - and it's good here.  The carnitas are flavorful and moist but the chorizo sometimes is too salty.

Friends T and P love the escabeche - the picked veggies and the micheladas -- beer with a kick!  There is one that is nice and spicy - they are on the beer menu not the drink menu.

The new and improved patio opened the first week of May.  It's awesome and at least three times as big as it was before.  It's currently near-summer in Pittsburgh which is a great time to go here to sit on the patio.  I went with a ton of friends on the opening weekend of the patio and it was crammed tight with fans but it's probably died down a bit since then.  I am armpit height on most normal humans so it was...odoriferous at times.  However everyone was friendly and having a great time.  I ran into more than one friend here (out separately) who texted the next day things like: "so. bright. sun."  and "did I see you last night? or was that a koala?" - oh yeah, the drinks are strong.

The outside bar was only serving sangria (not bad!) and beer so you had to go inside for anything else or find a harried waitress in the throng.  One really nice touch was that they placed a BIG thermos cooler of ice water with cups on the patio so people could serve themselves - which probably saved me from a killer KILLER hangover.

The kitchen closes at midnight on Friday and Saturday so don't get carried away with your micheladas and forget to put in that last round of tacos!

Really my rating is a 4 in the winter when you have to be a table vulture inside but a 5 in the summer when you can kick back on the patio.  Enjoy!