Javier's is hit or miss at this location so that's why I gave four stars instead of five. I've been to them all practically, from Cabo, Mexico to Irvine to the one in the airport at John Wayne. Only Javier's I haven't been to is the one at Crystal Cove. 

For whatever reason, sometimes the food at the Aria location tastes consistent with my five star reviews of all their other locations, and sometimes it just tastes off. 

My first experience with this restaurant pissed me off and I almost didn't go back again. I ordered "enchiladas de mariscos" which is my favorite dish and what I order at all the other Javier's. I didn't think I even needed to look at the menu because I assumed it was the same as all the other locations, so I never bothered and just ordered away. I guess, in retrospect, I should have double-checked because the waiter brought me out chicken enchiladas instead of what I wanted. The second I tasted it I noticed something was not quite right but it was dark in there and I just assumed since this was a different Javier's and my first time, that maybe their cooks weren't up to speed out here in Vegas yet. The place was still somewhat new at the time. It didn't taste amazing like I was used to so I ate about half of one enchilada and then finally gave up, thinking another one bites the dust! I called the waiter over and told them that I was very disappointed with my dish (which I never do, for the record). I told him he must have brought me the wrong thing or the chef had no clue what was up and then he said, "No, I brought you what you ordered, enchiladas suizas." and I said, "No, I had ordered enchiladas de mariscos!" So yeah, obvious miscommunication there! That explained the mystery of why it didn't taste right. However, the waiter didn't offer to fix the situation and instead told me not to tip him. No clue what that was all about. Maybe the management takes it out of the waiters' tips if they get the orders wrong. I dunno... I've never had that happen before. Just thought that was the most interesting customer service I had ever received to date, if you even want to call that customer service. So needless to say, I left there unhappy that night. Thank god I complained because had I not, I would have written this place off as a no go. And waiter guy still got a tip even though I shoulda stiffed him! I'm too nice...

Anyway... Note to everyone who is used to calling it Enchiladas de Mariscos: It's actually called "Seafood Enchiladas" here and only here. Why my waiter, who spoke Spanish mind you, didn't get this right is beyond me but whatever! Mariscos translates to "seafood". What's the problemo, señor? Since the staff doesn't get it, they should be told that at the other locations this particular dish is called something different so technically it has two names. And they should be told what that name is so as to avoid other Javier's professionals, like me, from getting chicken enchiladas when they want seafood. And one more thing, if the waiters get it wrong, they should credit you back the price of your dish or remake your food for you the right way, at least. None of that don't tip me BS because that still doesn't make up for your mistake!

Anywhoooo... hate to admit it but these aholes at Javier's sure make good food (sometimes at this location, not 100% consistent) so that's why I keep coming back and not boycotting, in spite of my bad first impression with this Aria location. And it's not like I'm about to take a four hour drive to Cali just to satisfy my Javier's craving elsewhere. So I guess they have me stuck eating here, from time to time, when my cravings hit.

I absolutely love their organic margaritas (cadillac style). I guess after a few of those I'm willing to accept any of the crap that jerk Javier wishes to dish at me. I'm such a sucker! Their chips and salsa are addictive so be careful. Mustn't be too full for when your entrée arrives! Another thing, the atmosphere here is a 10! I love that dark, Guernica style carving along the back wall. This is a great place to take a date. *hint hint, nudge nudge* Hear that boys? Just pray that they don't get her order wrong or if they do, that your date is laid back.