"Home of the Greatest Carne Asada in the Valley" is a pretty bold statement for a restaurant to make in a city where there is a taco shop on just about every street corner.

For me, good carne asada is all about the quality of the meat, marinade and cooking method. These are the qualities that separate America's Taco Shop's carne from others around the Valley.

Located in a charming little old house along Seventh Street, you'll find that this place is just cute as a button. In front, there is a patio and covered bar stool seating on the porch. There is parking out back as well as along Monte Vista to the north. But don't park in Coronado Café's parking lot they'll have you towed.

Inside are hardwood floors and an old fireplace. There's definitely a homegrown feeling here, like some of the other homes turned restaurants. It's so Phoenix.

Ordering is all about counter service, so you place your order, they hand you a number card and you find a seat.

Carne asada is the name of the game here, and while the beef-centric menu has only a handful of items, there are a few vegetarian options. Some of these include a Bean and Cheese Burrito in two sizes ($3.25/$5.75), America's Corn ($2.50) and a Vegetarian Quesadilla ($3.25). When available, America's Corn is a cob of sweet white corn, slathered with mayo, then sprinkled with cotija cheese, chili and lime. What a great way to get your whole grain and fiber.

On Friday and Saturday, America's Taco Shop features Ceviche ($5.95), but unfortunately it was marred by a strong shrimp flavor. Chips and salsa ($1.50) were good, with a nice balance of salty crunchiness and a little kick with the house-made salsa.

Now for those of us who love the meat, we're hoping for the "Greatest Carne Asada in the Valley." With such high expectations, does America's Taco Shop statement hold true?

In all of its beefy glory, America's carne asada is set apart by using high quality well-trimmed meat. I tried each conception on the menu, twice, and not once did I bite into any gristle or fat. I got mouthfuls of tender, flavorful chopped beef.

The Torta ($5.95) was expertly prepared, taking toasted bread and covering with mayo, guacamole, jalapeño, lettuce, tomato and heaps of meat. Another variation is called the Vampiro ($3.25), a crunchy grilled corn tortilla with melted jack cheese, guacamole, lettuce and caramelized onions. In reverse is the Taco de Carne Asada ($2.25), with less cheese and served on a fresh corn tortilla. Both hit the mark with plenty of tasty meat.

The Carne Asada Burrito ($5.45/$$7.95) is simple, yet amazingly fantastic. A flaky grilled flour tortilla is filled with like the others chopped beef, guacamole, pico de gallo and caramelized onions. It's that perfect mix of fresh chewy flour tortilla and tender meat that makes this one of the best carne asada burritos I've had in a long time.