America's taco Shop? I live in an America where people are humane to other people (most of the time)., not here, my party of 6 witnessed the owner escorting a middle age woman in here 40's out the door and asking here to sit on the patio, 109 that day. THE OWNER!!. I caught him as he had her halfwaty pushed out the door like a puppy who had chewed a sock. I stop him and politely aske dhim if she could sit with us and i would by her meal. He stated "there are no seats in here", the restuarant was about 60% full at the time. I showed him a 2 two next to our table, he reluctantly agreed. I got the young lady situated and went up to order for her. He called me into a side room and was upset that I intervined, he said that this person had vandalized and broke into his business on several occasions and it was on video, he pointed to a window about 5 ft above the floor and statd that she had got in there..Keep in mind the woman is wheelchair bound and disabled in many aspects. I asked if he had called the police and had her arrested, he story began to unravel at this time. He backtracked and began to get irrate, raising his voice and choking up. He really had zero proff that this homeless, disabled, mentally challanged woman was the actual one that entered his business after hours. He had a vendatta against all the unfortunate street folk in his neighborhood. He also tried to add that he was going to buy her something to eat which was a flat lie, when were you gonna do that?, as you pushe dher back out into the street? He called the police and stated that he had an unruley customer. just think if every business owner called Phx. PD becasue of a unsatisfied customer!! I offfered to wait for the cops to show and even was wwilling to give him my name. He is a business owner that is after only one thing: MONEY!!  I dont think he liked my questions and I continued to state that I still wanted buy something for the woman. He followed us out into the parking lot to continue his sissy-type sniveling stating that I should not have done what I did. NEWSFLASHNANCY BOY, I would do it again today, maybe you should walk in her shoes for just an hour, I pray that you or anyone in family has too, By the way you food wasnt all that bad, very light on the meat but good. American Taco? maybe should be just AMERICAN-I-ONLY- WANT-YOUR-MONEY-AND-HAVE-NO-SOUL-TACO,  first and last time to this winey owned taco shop......take care of each other out there...