It was a scorcher. Certainly one of our famous triple digit days, and as I sat in the passenger seat, bumming a ride from mi amigo, Vicente, I couldnt shake my contempt for his leather seats.
 We drove down Roosevelt in the Garfield district towards Ranch Market, on the way discussing the Alwun house, Rito's, and some colourful housing that we both agreed leant to the overall gentrification of the neighborhood.
 The grounds of this place are sprawling, palatial in fact. I was completely ripped and had on a pair of imitation wayfarers that had a broken arm and kept sliding off my face with the least possible movement of my head. 
 Endeavoring not to break them further I held my head at rigid attention my back was grammar school like in posture. I then realized how arrogant and white I must've looked, in my mind I fantasized I was a conquistador with a local Toltec guide showing me the ins and outs of the Aztec village we were entering, then I kinda got sick of that phantasy and pictured myself as a balmy Harrison Ford intrepidly following Albert Molina through an alternate ruinous Mayan temple, all the while expecting danger and betrayal at every corner.
 I probably looked half insane as some of the patrons looked at me oddly, giving me a wide birth. Entering the place it's just as big inside. It's like costco and food city had a wild passionate tequila filled tryst and gave birth to the Eva Longoria of grocery stores.
 Vicente and I immediately split up, probably not the best of ideas, but I wanted to explore and he was eager to do the same. I quickly snatched up the worst shopping cart in the store (you know the one with a bad front wheel and sticky grip) and let my stomach guide me.
 Two gallons of horchata. check. Exotic mozzarella style cheese from Oaxaca and  some delicious salty Cotija. check. A lb. of plantains. check. Mango's, apples, dried pinto beans, sugar snap peas, string beans, potato's, roma tomato's- check! 
 Grocery shopping while intoxicated can get a little quixotic, and confusing to say the least. I hadnt the slightest clue what I was going to make, but the colors of the produce were certainly alluring.
 Finally Vicente caught up with me and laughed gutturally upon seeing my hodge podge of a shopping cart. I stared thru him with glazed eyes as I espied the "cafeteria". I abandoned my shopping cart and slowly walked over, intriguiged, literally beguiled by the aroma of cooked meats. 
 I hadnt the slightest clue what most of it was, and what broken Spanish I know certainly wasnt helping with most of the dishes behind the glass, until bingo; Carnitas.
 There was a word I knew and loved, I stared at the "meat" not quite convinced I knew what I was looking at. Sure it said carnitas, but this was...well...it resembled a tamarind bean, but was much longer, and had a color ruddy and blackish, certainly most unappealing. The tube like meat sat coiled amongst itself like tentacles in a brackish water. I stared at it hypnotized, until a young Mexican attendant came to take my order. 
 "Hey man what you want?" he asked, breaking the glamour that held me entranced.
 "...a half a pound of this..." I said unsteadily. He looked at me almost impressed, and half cautiously. As he deflty grasped a pair of tongs and started sloshing the meat back and forth in it's brackish juices, attempting a better grip, it looked more alien to me than ever. I was beginning to come to my senses out of a stupor, and it was slowly dawning on me what this was.
 In a slightly horrified and hoarse whisper I leaned over the counter and looked him in the eyes and asked, "Wait, wait......what is this...stuff!?"
 Then he said, grinning a knowing, mocking grin, "Yoo don' know whad tis is and yoo wanna poun' of eet man?" 
 Just then Vicente strolled up casually behind me and saw what I was doing, the two exchanged a brief chuckle as apparently Vin had overheard the attendant's query.
 "Trrrriiipa!" Vicente exclaimed, using his dormant mexican accent that usually only comes out when drunk or speaking with his parents, to which the attendant grinned and nodded enthusiatically.
 Aghast, I stepped back in revulsion, I'd nearly ordered a pound of pigs intestines.I felt profoundly embarassed, never more had I shown off the "pinche gringo" side of my personality than in that moment. 
 I ended up just ordering some pork ribs that'd been marinated in a chile sauce, along with the ubiquitous spanish rice and refried beans.
 I love ranch market, but I'm certainly not going back until the raspberry of embarassment lightens.