What!? Another good food place in my old hood. Man. A swear this area is getting a lot foodier ever since I moved from there.  Ok so do you really want me to compare Taco Tijuana and Taco Taco!? Or how about Tacos El Gordo, notice how I still haven't written my review for Tacos El Gordo I'll get to it eventually.

Taco Tijuana setup shop in the former Farm Basket place it is a small place.  I came here one night and well the parking lot was DARK, not well lit at all and hard to see parking lines.  The best lit parking is next to the bus stop.  There's a couple tables and chairs outside to enjoy your tacos on a nice cool night or if you want during those 100+ degree days.  When I came there was another only one other person eating which ended up being an employee.  There were 2 ladies tending the cashier and a handful of guys in the kitchen area.  The guy at the counter was pretty friendly and so was the one cashier that rang me up.  Having already eaten at another taco place earlier I still had room for more and wanted to try something different.  Looked at the menu and asked about 2 items that just looked different to me, I don't speak Spanish so it was pretty easy, just ask for something I've never ordered. I asked about the adobada and he pointed to the layers of pork meat on spit.  My response was "Oh cool I'll have that." I'm so confused now I needed to Google it and I'm still confused, all good as long as it taste good.  For my second taco I just asked if they had a shoulder and how it was.  I ended up ordering it.  

So my two orders were Taco De Adobada and Taco De Suadero http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-tijuana-las-vegas?select=2Yf2rbXK2qiaTDXpn4ZjFA#eFPW_eaFgixHKQKHNrkFbA both were very delicious, tender, topped with cilantro, onion, and their own sauce.  No pineapple but I guess you have to ask for it. It also came with some freshly hot of the grill green onions and pepper. After placing my order the cashier rang me up, she asked if I wanted to cup for soda and I said no.  Well she gave me a cup and I paid thinking it was a cup for water.  After looking at the receipt I noticed that I was charged for the soda, I just took the cup proceeded to the drink dispenser.  On my way to the drink dispenser I noticed the condiment area being pretty disappointing so I skipped it.  The drinks varied from your regular soda to Mexican drinks. 

Not going to lie I do prefer these tacos by themselves, the way they were served to me, versus the other new taco spot down the road but as a whole I like the other guys more cause like those AT&T commercials MORE IS BETTER.  Both places make good tacos though and I'd eat at both so it's just a matter of what I feel like eating at the time.