Hands down these guys have the best al pastor taco I've eaten in Las Vegas. We can quibble about texture, moisture, seasonings, and toppings, but I cannot believe that anyone is doing it better than Taco Tijuana.

They've been open for about a week and today was the first chance I go to stop in and see what Taco Tijuana (TT) is all about. When you walk in things are a bit confusing. There was only one other family when we arrived, but we had a time trying to figure out where to go to order. 

That is not a negative.  Just an observation. What seemed a bit confusing to me, could easily be a specific method for keeping the taco ordering flow moving smoothly when they get busy. 

A sweet employee can to our aide and chatted with us while we were deciding and ordering. Like many places they have a few different stations. The gentleman at the pastor station offered us a sample and I stayed there and ordered the rest of my meal. 

Can we have a moment of silence for the al pastor? The tortillas are homemade and soft from oil and heat if the grill. The meat itself was succulent and delightfully seasoned (ancho chilies? cumin?) and had a bit of char still on the edges. If you haven't had an al pastor taco, it's a distant cousin to to Lebanese shwarma--both use the vertical spit.  The Mexican version consists of pork cooked with pineapple to bring out the sweetness in the meat. At TT they top the taco with a dab if salsa and some light green sauce. Was it a thin guacamole? I honestly don't know. It had a hint of cilantro and chile. But with the ingredients combined, that taco hit every note.  It's been a while since I had tacos in Tijuana. But TT has captured the soul that I remember in a small bite. 

The suadero taco was well prepared. It's a tougher piece of meat, but you wouldn't know it from the taco at TT. Their meat was moist and very tender. It lacked a bit of flavor (which the meat generally has), but TT wisely adds a different topping to this taco. They added a thinner, spicier salsa atop the suadero. It was a lovely bite.

The asada taco was not extraordinary, but it was nice enough.The meat was nicely seasoned and it was topped with a simple, fresh salsa. 

The staff was kind and added extra meat (without us asking) to a skimpy looking taco. In addition, they gave us roasted peppers and onions for free. I don't expect that to last long. 

In short, this place was delicious. I cannot wait to go back.