I have been to this location several times because again, right around the corner from my salon. I so want to be able to give it a higher rating but every time I go the service is really not that great. Last week I went for wing and Wii night, 30 cent wings cant be beat. I have had better wings, but hey this is a Mexican joint and our bill was not even $4! But our waitress looked like she could care less about being there, never asked if we wanted a refill on our chips and salsa and never stopped by the table to see if we like our food. Now being in the service industry and having spent many years as a server I get that you think since the bill is so low your tip is going to suck. That simply doesn't have to be the case, we left our server a $6 tip and we weren't even there long. You get 4 tables like that an hour you are set, so perk up and smile, you never know how far that can go. 
I went there last night for Taco Tuesdays, $1 to $2 tacos can't be beat and the tacos are so tasty I always order 3, the mahi, crunchy fish and steak. The mahi was flaky and sweet, the crunchy taco had a sweet taste to it with the sauce and red onion. Not greasy at all. The steak was tender and flavorful. Again though our service was sub par. We had already finished our chips and salsa before we even got our water, took way to long, same with the food and it wasn't even that busy. We were sitting inside and there were only 20 people in the bar area and there was only one other table eating. Now our server wrote our order on her had, she seemed tired and frazzled, and we had to bring our bill to her at the end to check out, we waited a while before doing that. It seemed like she might have been the only server in the place, but she did have the help of a gentleman by the name of Frenchy. I liked Frenchy, big dude but with dry wit and he seemed like the jack of all trades for the place. Doorman, food runner, busser, you name it he was doing it. 
I will continue to come to Loco because the tacos are so damn good but I just hope they figure out the staff issues. I gave it 4 times and every time my complaint is the same, the service needs to step it up.