This place is fucking awful. 

I haven't been here in about 10 years or so and I couldn't remember why... well, I went today and it all came back to me - vividly. I told my server it was my first time in 10 years and she immediately said "nothing has changed." Boy, was she right.

The food is a gloppy greasy gut grenade to begin with... The presentation is straight out of the 80's - huge portions of slop overcooked and swimming in an even more overcooked sea of diarrhea with some wilted iceberg lettuce plopped on top looking sad. It's the most disgusting thing I've ever seen referred to as food. 

All the food here is pre-cooked... meaning it is just sitting there over heat waiting for you to order it. I know this because you can't order anything special, like "no onions" in your shredded beef. The chicken was dry and clearly had been sitting on heat for several hours. It was completely vile. 

We had also ordered a cheese crisp with ground beef... that was the description. It said nothing about veggies on it, but there they were - some pathetic overcooked hunks of unidentifiable veg trapped in the tar pit of cheap rubbery cheese and grey meat-esque vomit. It was sickening... 

The decor of this place is a leftover relic clearly designed over 30 years ago by someone who was heavily into psychotropic drugs and Disneyland. That went along with the food which looked like it belonged in a museum (as my girlfriend suggested). The lighting in the room they stuck us in wasn't helping - it cast a blue hue from the skylights onto everything on the table making the food look even less appetizing. Aside from that though, it's kinda kitschy in both a fun way and a pathetic way. 

I basically refused to eat anything from the menu (though I tasted some of my girlfriend's dish and the cheese crisp) and stuck to chips and salsa. The chips are the freshest thing sold here and aren't bad. The salsa isn't so bad either. We split a margarita just to sample it and decided it wasn't bad, but you could tell they put cheap tequila in it - beware of subsequent headaches. 

It's a shame the food is so shitty because this place is in a great location. I can only recommend it for grabbing drinks with that hot GILF you found at the Yarn Barn before you take her back to her retirement community to bang.