I had two experiences with Los Sombreros .... One dining and one trying to get a reservation for a large party. My future in-laws were trying to decide on a place to make a reservation for about 20 people for dinner two nights before my fiance's and mine wedding.  They sent us on a mission to try out Old Tortilla Factory and Carlsbad Tavern.  We knew the atmosphere of Carlsbad Tavern, knew it wasn't what they were looking for, and found Los Sombreros on yelp.  They had good reviews and what looked like a very cozy atmosphere on the patio so we gave it a try.  We tried both restaurants and could not express how much better Los Sombreros was, the atmosphere, the food, the service .... hands down, we wanted them to book the dinner reservation here.  Well that's where my five-star review is a one-star review and I felt the experience trying to book the reservation outweighed the dinner service so they now have a one-star review.  My in-laws called them, spoke to Miriam and requested to reserve the patio for the night in question (mind you, this was about 6 weeks out so we were giving them plenty of time .... they said the more time we could give them, the better it was for them).  Miriam took the reservation but needed a credit card to hold the spot.  My in-laws thought that was weird but gave it to them anyway.  There were a few questions that she couldn't answer so requested their contact information to have her manager Jesus call them back the next day. No one ever called them back so two nights later they called again and reached Umberto.  They explained what had happened and that no one called them back and requested to speak to a manager. Umberto asked how he could help so my in-laws thought they were speaking to a manager and proceeded to tell him that they spoke to Miriam but because no one had ever called them back, they wanted to cancel the reservation.  When my in-laws said they were going to cancel the reservation, Umberto said "well we already have your credit card number".  My in-laws had to cancel their credit card number because they were afraid they would be charged for the reservation of 20 people anyway! How can you ever recommend a restaurant that you're trying to give them a party of 20 people on a normally not too busy night (Thursday night) and they still threaten to charge your credit card because they have the number? We will never go back and I definitely can't recommend it to anyone.