I was here a good 10 years ago.  Service and food was great back then.  My how things go bad so quickly!  First thing that set me off was nothing has changed in 10 years and it looks like a few things need repaired.  The wait was about a half hour.  My son almost fell after sitting in a broken chair.  Finally we were seated.  The homemade chips were good but the bottom ones were store bought.  The old put the store bought chips on the bottom trick.  I should have walked then but everyone was tired of waiting and hungry.  My son is a picky eater to say least.  I ordered a cheese quesadilla for my kid.  I specifically told the waitress, NO ONIONS, NO TOMATOES, and NOTHING BUT CHEESE.  I even told her if he finds one it will cause an incident.  She seemed to understand. The food I ordered was OK.  I had to use my salsa to make it a little hotter.  I can eat fire so this is no surprise.  My son's cheese quesadilla had tomatoes in it.  At first I told him it was just one and I picked it off.  Then he kept finding them in every slice.  I called the waitress over and explained.   She apologized and took the plate back.  A few min. went by and the waitress had the NERVE to come out and ask if it was just one.  I had already told her it had tomatoes all over in it.  At this time I felt humiliated by her actions and told her just bring a cheese crisp and I'll pay the difference.  It took a while for that to get to our table but all was OK.  While we ate a waiter dropped a napkin bringing food to another table.  When he came back I thought he'd pick it up after almost tripping on it himself.  Nope, he left it there so someone else could trip on it.  He came back a few minutes later so I flagged him down and let him know about the napkin.  Instead of saying "oh I'll pick it up right away."  The waiter boomed in a very loud voice how sorry he was and it would never happen again.  He was loud enough for everyone to hear in the room.  Again, I felt humiliated.  I guess not wanting the restaurant to get sued because some waiter won't pick up a napkin was asking too much.  The waitress did comp my sons food.  I will never go back.  At one time that area had some very nice places.  The area had CLASS.  That's not the case anymore.  5/10/14