GREAT MUSIC, HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT AND SERVICE!!!!!

The 1 star that I awarded this place is for the music, best of bachata, reggaeton, salsa, and hip hop.  I can't lie the music had me going.  

Here is where the rest of the rating actually begins....

So we arrive at Coconuts to celebrate a friend's birthday.  She had already made reservations with Rafa for a booth and a bottle of Grey Goose for $200.  When we meet the hostess at the front and tell her that we reserved a booth and the bottle she proceeds to tell us that the booths have already been filled and that she is going to have to find us a table for 6 somewhere else in the place.  She finds us 3 small tables that she puts together and then we move on to the bottle service.  When we tell her that we had set up a bottle of Goose with Rafa for $200 she proceeds to tell us that they can only do a bottle of Smirnoff for $200 and that a bottle of Goose would be $400 more.  So what she is saying is that for a bottle of Goose we are going to have to pay $600!!! WTF?!  We only pay that amount if we are going to some place like Pure at Cesar's or XS at Encore!  You are a restaurant in Town Square south of the strip!

She then goes and talks to her "Manager" and she comes back and says that she can do a bottle of Goose for $300.  What a coincidence.....I hate to imagine the suckers that actually pay $600 for a bottle of Goose at this place.  

So we get our bottle and start enjoying tasty Goose and Soda, Goose and pineapple, and Goose and cranberry.  We get half way through our bottle and the hostess comes by and asks if we want to buy a 2nd one.  We say that we are good and for the next hour or so the hostess is hovering around our table watching us to make sure that we are continuing to drink.   Then the best thing happens....some door man looking guy comes up to us and says I see that you have 3 tables set up here, I am going to have to take 1 of them.  I'm like, "Excuse me?!"  

His response, "I have 4 guys out front that want to buy 2 bottles and I am going to have to take the table.  

I was like, "First of all our original table was given to someone else after we had made a reservation, 2nd we reserved and purchased a bottle of Goose for $200 and your hostess tried to make us pay triple the amount and made us pay an extra $100 for it, and 3rd of all I don't care if I bought 1 bottle or 10 if I make a reservation for table service it's reserved for the entire night for me.  

I asked to speak to Rafa and the bouncer-looking guy said very lowly, "I am the assistant manager so I am the one who makes the call...."

I ask him for his card and he blows me off.  Some assistant manager this is aaand they pack this club like a can of sardines and the bathroom has about a 30 minute wait.

I have been to many clubs throughout the US and Mexico....I get bottle service regularly at these clubs and they know how to treat their guests.  I have never had a table taken away because the VIP host thinks he can make more money.  Bottom line the service and management of this place is a joke.  If you want to be treated like a real VIP and experience real bottle service I suggest you walk across the walk way and contact Jared at the Blue Martini!  They know how to treat their patrons.  Sufficed to say I will not be returning to Coconut's ever again.