Ok so since I have a lot to say about Nacho Daddy I will give you the cliff notes portion so that you don't have to read sooooo much to get to the point. To tell you what I think you need to know I am going to start off with  the important stuff. The resturant itself wasn't bad there was plenty of seating it was nice and clean and the staff were great, just prepare to sit through classic rock the whole time. Which may not be bad if you like that kind of stuff. Me, I just felt like I was in a bad movie. The food well, not to be completely mean but I could've gotten better nachos and tacos at 7-11 if they served tacos. Ok maybe they weren't that bad but when I expected this place to be the bomb dot com and it wasn't I knit pick. The pickled jalopinos and salsa tasted like they were straight from a can and the cheese tasted like Velveeta...really? Gross I could've gotten that at home. So do not order the cheese burger nachos. The steak and chicken street tacos sounded so good but when it arrived they were so flavorless, mediocre and armature with old soft flaky corn tortillas they should have been left out on the streets or just straight up kicked to the curb. The Resturant was more Tex then Mex and not in a good way. There was a good size bar but that was probably because you had to be drunk to eat the food. The price weren't bad for the amount of food you get but the food you get was not worth the price you pay. So long story short I was way stoked to try Nacho Daddy but the first impression left me with absolutely no desire to ever come back and give them a second try. I have never gone to a Resturant with such high hopes and left so disappointed which blows my mine that they have more then one location. Who eats this stuff? Now read on for the long version. 

I am rating this place a 1 star because of my personal experience. I've seen reviews where people are on the fence about how they really feel about the Resturant and the food itself and now that I've finally visited I can see why.

The advertisement and hyped for the Resturant is on point and was the main reason why I was so excited and looking forward to try Nacho Daddy. Their marketing was amazing, you hear about them all the time and see their ads everywhere and it all looks and sound so good but that is where the amazing stops. 

Pulling up to the resturant's I was pleasantly surprise to see that it was an actual Resturant and not a fast food type joint like I expected. So at this point in my mine I still had high hopes for the food that I will be ordering inside. Entering the Resturant we were immediately greeted by a very nice host girl everyone wore Nacho Daddy tshirts so that was kindda cool expect for when everything finally sunk in. I all of a sudden then felt like I was transported into a weird Chilis slash trashy Margaritaville wanna be type Resturant that was blasting old school rock. Was I in Cancun? No!

Anyhow what they did with the space was not bad I just didn't get the concept. After being seated I thought it was odd that they ask you if you would like Chips and Salsa being that you are probably going to order more chips and salsa in a nacho as a meal. But we did anyway just to try the salsa...but beware they are not free even though it sounds like it when they ask. Fortunately I checked in on Yelp to receive a free serving.
So the chips were actually good slightly thin, warm and crispy just like anywhere else the salt never sticks so we had to salt both chips and salsa. The salsa left me confuse because I was convince it was from a can but couldn't be completely sure. 

My wife and I decide to share since everything on the menu sounded good. Now I know this was a Tex Mex place but I was shocked not to see actual plain nachos on the menu. You know the kind with chips, cheese, meat, bean, sour cream and guacamole. Even though I was more curious to try the not so normal nachos I thought at least regular nachos should be offered for the ones that are not as adventurous. So that is what I did I order the not so normal cheese burger nachos because I was curious and (I guess this is where the phrase curiosity killed the cat came into reality because it was not good at all) the cheese I couldn't get pass the Velveeta tasting cheese. Eww! As for my wife's steak and chicken tacos, I'm no Bobby Flay but I could've made better tacos or at least not served them on old tortillas. You know how old corn tortillas get when you try to prolong their shelf life and heat them up? They just get soft and flake away. Well if you don't know now you know. As for the rice and beans, SMH how is this place still open? 

Anyways to wrap this up, to me I wish it was better, never the less if you've been wanting to go try it out by all means go and see how you feel about it that's only fair. I have rights to my own opinion and my opinion is this place over all missed the mark. But do go try it because some people do like it for whatever reason. I don't!