This place is soooooo overpriced and they are not consistent in their food quality or service. I fell in love with their queso fundido and ordered it all the time, to go. The first year they were opened, I ordered a quart at a time, which cost a whopping $18.99, but it came with a large bag of tortilla chips free, so that made it a little more bearable. I ordered 1-2 quarts of this stuff at least 3 times a month, every month, for close to a year, and every time it came with a large bag of chips for each quart I ordered. Over time, the consistency of the product fluctuated wildly....one time it would be mild and barely had any heat, while the next time it was so hot I could not even eat it. This went on and got to the point that I stopped ordering it because I did not know if it would be so hot that I would have to throw it away, so I just gave up. It has been about a year since I last ordered and tonight I decided to try it again. I called to place my to-go order for a quart of queso fundido tonight, assuming the large bag of chips came with it, as always. I was so angry when I was told that the chips were no longer complimentary but now cost $5.00 a bag! That is over $25 after tax for a container of cheese dip and some chips! I did not order and I will not be going back there again.....EVER! I spoke to a manager and she said that is the policy and she cannot give me the chips like before so I just told her to forget the order. The manager could/should have offered me the large bag of chips free, like before, since she could clearly hear that it was very upsetting to me.....she could have saved a customer....but over what amounts to probably 30 cents in product, she lost a customer forever and I will just go to the other Mexican restaurant the next exit up. Almost everything on their menus is way overpriced.....6 ounces of carne asada with a little rice and beans is $16.99!!! That is absurd! 6 ounces??? That is an extremely small portion to be charging $16.99. The rest of their menu is similar in quantity and being overpriced. I am over this corporate greed! I will make the stupid queso dip at home for a tenth of the price and not have to worry about whether it will be so hot that I will need a fire extinguisher in the bathroom the next morning!