Was looking fw to coming here as my BF is a Sammy Hagar fan. We were seated in a booth after I requested it. Our server Adam was not very professional. We showed him the yelp check in free margarita and
asked for light ice. He brought the margarita it wasn't light ice and I said I asked for light ice... he shrugged his shoulders. Really??? My BF while dipping chips into the salsa discovered a long hair literally buried in the salsa that was served with the greasy tortilla chips. Omg how disgusting. At this point we were Leary and my BF wanted to leave so I asked for the manager. She came over and said we threw out that batch of salsa and we told her about the margarita with the ice issue. She got me a new margarita with light ice. Also we told her that we're off to a bad start and were Leary about ordering anymore food. She assured us she would make sure that our order was checked by herself personally before coming out and she would come back to check in. Well that never happened. My BF asked her which steak platter to get and she recommended the NY strip. So trusting her recommendations that we decided to order. I ordered a salad with carne assda aka there version is (sirloin steak) and my BF ordered the NY strip. Omg my salad had no carne asada. It was chopped up pieces of bacon and my BF NY strip steak was all grizzle. We both sent back our entrees. They remade my salad with slices of carne assda which was very chewy and he got the carne asada (sirloin steak). My salad was meh it was thrown together very quickly and his carne assda again was extremely chewy uneatable and tasteless. Reluctantly we ate the meal. Adam brought the bill and they tried to make it look like a discount. But it wasn't much especially for all the issues we had. So we again asked for the manager and my BF noticed our waiter was whispering to another server and both looking at us. Wow....how tacky and unprofessional. The same manager came back along with a guy which was never introduced to us and she said I was dealing with a party but she did walk past are area several times but never stopped by us during are entrees as promised to us so my BF told her that his gut feeling was he wanted to leave after the hair in the salsa and that he sent back the NY strip and he showed her the uneatable carne asada (sirlion steak) as proof and said this wasn't the experience he was looking for and was extremely disappointed.  She paused and her body language wanted to do nothing. The guy with her said remove the carne asada. Wow really??? Thanks....so my BF went to wash up and the manager came back with the adjusted bill and I told her this was overall a horrible experience and my salad was meh. She said finally I'm taking care of the bill. Please come back.

LOL had you not avoided us and been more attentive when are entrees came out and also didn't come back after we both sent back are entrees. We arm wrestled with them to get the entire meal compted in itself is just bad customer service period. My BF gut feeling was correct. He wanted to go to the Border Grill after the salsa incident but I wanted to give them a chance. HUGE MISTAKE!!!!!