Interesting that most of the hidden reviews are 1 star reviews.  Seriously Yelp?   
Was here 2 weeks ago and was really looking forward to trying this place but left without trying it due to inconsiderate service.  Planned on ordering a few entrées and a couple of their desserts, including the tres leches cake since I have heard much about their food.  Came here at 8 PM this evening and asked to be seated with two kids.  Hostess told me we could be seated right away and directed me to go to the downstairs dining room.  I proceeded to walk down the stairs  went to the hostess booth and there was nobody to be found.  Waited for a few minutes then went to an employee standing close to the area to ask where we should sit.   She shushed me immediately, mid-sentence.  I was quite taken aback as I'm not sure why she shushed me.  I was not being loud at all and the kids were silent.  She then said to me "we're having a wedding" and directed me to go down the hall to where the tables were.  

I was pretty ticked off at being shushed but grudgingly walk down to where the tables were and stood there for five minutes with nobody acknowledging me.  Finally gave up, told the manager what happened and left immediately.  The manager said "yeah we're having a wedding", proceeded to ask me if i had a reservation (after i told him what just occurred) and offered to seat me but at that point the damage was done.  Walked over to the Subway shop in the Mandalay Bay food court and while the food was mediocre the service was extraordinarily better than my experience at Border Grill.   Thanks for making me feel like an unwanted customer.  

With the amount of restaurants in Vegas, the least you could do is make a new patron feel welcome.   And yes, while i understand there was a wedding going on in a separate outside area--not inside--even if it it was the royal wedding itself, you should never ever be rude to a guest.  If quietness was a concern, then it is the restaurant's responsibility to rope that area off or maybe don't seat people downstairs if your employees don't want anyone asking them questions.  Never again.