I returned to the Joy Ride tonight after trying it out last week for the first time & I received amazing service tonight. The staff tonight was excellent, knowledgable, & my tortilla-less & cheese-less burrito was on the house. Thank you.

Lets rewind back to last Saturday though, when I tried Joy Ride for the first time. Before I agreed to meet up w/ my family there I called to see if Joy Ride had vegan options, I was informed that they did & I made my way to the restaurant. We had a lovely waitress that late afternoon & prior to ordering I wanted her to be aware that I was a vegan, meaning I do not consume meat, dairy, or any animal byproducts. She went over the menu w/ me & recommended the veggie tacos, she said they would be an excellent choice for me as the white/magic sauce was vegan. I was so happy to hear that I had options. I had asked her what kind of tortilla comes w/ the tacos & she said corn but They also have a flour tortilla options which also fit my dietary needs, per waitress. Perfect. I ordered one taco as the veggies are pre-stir fried & they were unable to accommodate to my request asking for them raw, which was okay. I was satisfied w/ my one taco, I even picked some of the cucumber salad from my brother, which was a nice touch to my meal as well. I was pretty happy.

Tonight I learned that my lovely waitress was rather uneducated & spoke out of her a_s. I went back tonight on a casual date w/ my boyfriend who had just finished a 12 hour day at work. I wanted it to be all about him tonight & I thought Joy Ride would be perfect for both of us since he has never been there before. I went in & decided to go w/ the same order I had last time, since I was already reassured last Saturday of what my vegan options are. For some reason, something told me to make my waiter aware of my dietary restrictions prior to ordering. As I told my waiters that I was vegan, we had two, one of them recommended the tacos for me but w/o the white/magic sauce, my eyes lit up, "Why not, is the sauce not vegan friendly?" He informed me that the sauce has egg whites & it is NOT vegan. I decided not to say anything b/c it was my b/f's night. Our other waiter came back to see if we were ready to order, I informed him I would take the tacos w/o the sauce & I will take it in a flour tortilla. He then informed me that the tortilla contains lard. Oh my. Then I spoke up. I informed him that when I was here last week, I was misguided & misinformed & that I had consumed both the tortilla AND the sauce. He was so apologetic & I can tell he was concerned. BUT, like I said, it was my b/f's night, I'm done being mad for the damage that has already happened. I ordered my food as I stated earlier & my b/f left happy, that's all I wanted.

As to the Joy Ride, I will not return. I do NOT understand how LIGHTLY a persons dietary restrictions are taken. I am a vegan by choice but I also do have an allergy to egg, I even have a doctors note which is why I cannot receive a flu shot for work. I don't remember how I was feeling after I left the restaurant last Saturday so I doubt that little sauce had a major impact on me. Thank goodness. I do not have an allergy to dairy or meat, so consuming the tortilla was not harmful to me other than the fact it is against my beliefs. 

There could have been more damage should I have consumed more, or maybe if I ordered more than one taco, or if my allergies were more severe. It's unbelievable to me how restaurants take this so lightly & how staff can just so confidently answer something that they are not aware of.

I'm VERY disappointed but this is not the first time this has happened to me. I also doubt it will be the last time. I feel like I just want to be DONE w/ some of these restaurants. Joy Ride, I am very done w/ you. I do thank the wonderful staff for the service TONIGHT & I appreciate their knowledge, as for the other girl, she doesn't deserve her job.