This was our second visit. The first visit was ok. However, today was just non plus.

If we could give zero star, we would. This is for very rude service by ANNA, and overcharging.

We ordered burritos with no cheese. Anna was very rude when I reminded her we ordered our burritos without cheese. She also condescendingly reminded us that "All burritos comes with cheese inside, and that YOU need to tell me no cheese!" I explained to her that we did infact ordered the Burritos without cheese prior to her adding cheese to our orders. And we reminded her again as she dropped a handful of cheese on the burritos. She then rolled her eyes unapologetically, and moved on without asking what do we want with our Burritos.

With that being said, I asked the cashier to please put pico, lettuce, cilantro, and guacamole with our order because ANNA is not interested in providing us decent customer service. The cashier apologised, and the cashier asked ANNA to help us out. She then told the cashier to charge us for asking for some lettuce and pico as it was a side salad. WTF?! Sincerely?  We did not order a side salad. We simply would like the garnishings that she did not want to add on our burritos. My mates and myself at this point have had it with her deplorable attitude. So, instead of stooping to her very poor attitude, we decided to pay the over-charge, and leave.

We also work in a service industry. Anna's rudeness to customers, and retaliation by over-charging us is simply unacceptable! If she cannot provide decent customer service to church goers like us, perhaps she needs to find a position who tolerates her rudeness., and away from public service. She sincerely is giving us service workers a very bad reputation!

The food was on the salty side for us, but with a little lemon/lime it was good. ^_^
The price was average to slightly pricey. The amount of food was a bit on the skimpy side for the price they charge.

Given our recent experience with Cafe Rio, we are not returning here again ... unless  there is a Zombie apocalypse! *lol*

Xx