If I could give this place ZERO stars I could!  Listen to the ratings, we should have. My husband has been in the restaurant marketing business for over 20 years. So we said, how bad could it be?  We aren't from the area & wasn't sure what else was around. 

To start the only way to fix this place is chuck the cooks, staff & managers!  The food was absolutely the worst tasting, sorry excuse for food that I have ever eaten in my life. We have eaten at hundreds of restaurants over the years, & I would rather eat at a White Castle then ever eat here again!

We were seated promptly and our waitress was kind. The chips and salsa were ok. It also came with refried beans that were, "stupidly hot", to quote my husband. The salsa was not as spicy but didn't have a lot of flavor. I don't mind spice as long as it's flavorful. This was not!  The menu has ratings of peppers, 0-3. I guess if you count Hot/Spicy as a flavor, this place might be for You.  The waitress informed is that she enjoys spicy food but 1 pepper is all she can handle & typically only orders 0 pepper meals. She only orders 1 meal & felt it is the best, I regret not picking it!

I ordered the sampler meal, my husband the shrimp fajitas. Let's start with his meal. The nice thing it had 12 shrimp, they were fairly small. The grilled onions and peppers were cut small, cooked to death, & then spread over the plate so it appeared larger. It came with a side of rice, 3 tortillas & a bowl of sour cream, guac, & tomato's. When scraping the shrimp & veggies into a pile there was enough to fill ONE tortilla shell including the guac and sour cream. Price=$16.99!  

Now onto my disaster. 1 tamale, a rolled taco (cut in half), 2 mini tacos, some other rolled thing (cut in half), & a blue corn tortilla bowl filled with refried beans. The tamale had, literally, a teaspoon of meat down a crack in the middle. A teaspoon of meat was a theme on my plate. The corn part of the tamale was not moist & the cheese they melted on top had very little flavor!  The fried rolled taco was next. Minuscule amount of Meat=No flavor a little crispy but mostly soft and squishy!  Two mini tacos: Mostly lettuce, 2 pieces of diced tomato's & again the teaspoon of shredded meat substance. meat was dry & had a jerky-like texture. Finally I  came to the other rolled thing on my plate. It resembled the rolled taco but used flour tortillas instead of corn. So it had that puffy, crispy look. I saved it thinking, "That looks good, I'm gonna wait til the end to eat it." YUCK! Ate the first one (reminder it is one whole one cut I half so you feel as if you have two). After the first bite I covered it in guac and a cream cheese mix that came with it....didn't help. It was slightly, & I mean SLIGHTLY crispy in the outside & soggy gross inside. Pulled the other one apart, wondering what was in it. After unrolling this piece of garbage i found a tiny, that is a generous measurement, amount of what looked to be chicken. I picked it up with my thumb & forefinger to show my husband; my fingers touched the portion was so small. They had wrapped the tortilla 4 or 5 times around making it appear larger, this only added to the slimy, smooshy texture on the inside. Needless to say, I didn't eat it! The refried beans in the  blue corn tortilla was actually decent & had a nice flavor. The rice on my hubby's plate was alright but was about the size of a small scoop of ice cream. Price=$13.99 NOT worth it!!  

Service: the food, actually, came out rather quickly. We went without anything to drink for a good ten minutes as we watched the wait staff walk back & forth chatting. Our server appeared to be the only one working. I a asked for extra lemons & some ketchup before the food was served. She promptly forgot but remembered without me having to remind her later. (Ketchup? You ask. Hey the food was horrible, it needed help!). After that she actually did well with keeping our drinks filled & asking if we were alright.  For service I will give her a 2. All others stood around chitchatting when they should have been filling empty drinks. Trust me, the restaurant was not busy & there were plenty of people standing around doing nothing. 

We paid $40 for two of us & have eaten $6 dollar meals that stomped this place into the ground!  We should have talked to a manager, but had a 3 hour drive.....we were just ready to leave!  

We will NEVER EVER eat here again & you can guarantee we will tell everyone how absolutely, disgusting their food is!