I think I must have been there the same day as Ron H!!  As Ron mentioned, this is Spring Training time in Scottsdale.  There actually aren't that many breakfast places around in Old Town, and David's should be taking full advantage, but we won't be back next year... sorry David. 

I'm just going to list the problems we encountered:
1. Seated and ignored.
2. A table of four came in after us, and they were eating within minutes of our order finally being taken.  They were seated right next to us, so it wasn't as if we couldn't be seen!  The young lady who finally took our order must have been on her first day, but seriously... hello, anybody in there?
3.  The OJ is fresh squeezed and very tasty, but they can only make one glass at a time.  It is not chilled.  The OJ was gone by the time breakfast arrived.
4.  My husband ordered a breakfast sandwich.  I am not a traditional breakfast person, so I ordered a turkey sandwich.
5.  We sat there and sat there and sat there.  The narrator's voice of Hells Kitchen was playing in my head, "and the guests were getting impatient."
6.  Finally, a waitress (not ours), inquired if we had been served yet (since the previously mentioned table of four were leaving after consuming their meals).  She hustled  back to the kitchen and came out with our order, apologizing for the delay.  I figured it was our dingbat server's fault, and I did not hold it against the establishment as a whole, except for the fact no one was following said dingbat around to make sure she was doing her job.
7.  Our food arrived.  My turkey sandwich was tasty, but I was noticing the "3 slices of bacon" promoted on the menu were absent.  I thought about complaining, but then my husband, after taking his first bite of his breakfast sandwich, said "taste this bacon, it is the saltiest bacon I have ever eaten."  OMG, what an understatement!  It tasted like they rolled the bacon in salt, fried it, and then rolled it in more salt and slapped it on an egg sandwich.
8.  Hubby complained... I decided not to complain about my asbsent bacon.  They offered to make him another (he requested sausage instead) but the whole process took so long, my husband finally cancelled the order.  We were in there well over an hour by this time.
9. The older guy (maybe this is David or the manager) was very apologetic, offered to take it off the bill and wrap up the new sandwich to go, but hubby decided he was probably better off not taking a chance.