,
SO BAD, YOU COULD GO TO JAIL !!!!!!                               MATTAS MEXICAN GRILL AND CANTINA
 I'm not kidding. We found a movie theater so cool (Cinemark, with electric lazyboy chairs), at Mesa Riverview. We see alot of movies and go out to eat often. When we found Cinemark, we knew we needed a good place to eat before going to our shows. 

We found Mattas Mex. Grill & Cantina almost next door to the theater. Perfecto. We love Mexican food. We made reservations for my birthday, showed up on time and ordered drinks. ( one margarita and sodas). Our drinks arrived as did chips and salsa. Chips were average, not warm, and the salsa very mild. As per the norm for us, we asked for hot salsa. Our server told us, "We have hotter salsa, but you have buy the entire jar". WTF!!! 

Okay, got over that fairly quick and we ordered food, the server assuring us we would make it to our movie in 45 min. 

After 25 min. had passed, we inquired about our food, reminding our server about our show next door in 20 min. We figured we would have to eat in a hurry to make it. More drinks were brought to us while we waited. 

After 45 min. we were pretty upset. Still no food, no server, and no more time. We got up, I searched out our server, found him at the kitchen door. He said with a smile " your food is done, it'll be right out. REEEEEEALY!!!!! 

I informed him, we had no time left and we had to leave. He said "one moment please, I'll get your bill" ???? 

I asked to see the manager. HOLY CRAP. Out walked this 20 year old, with half a jewelry box pierced into his head and face, tattooed from head to toe. (this is the face of Mattas?) 

When I explained that our birthday dinner plans were ruined and we had to leave and would no longer be needing their food, he said, " would you like it to go?". I said "no, we're going to the movies and can't take it in". He handed me a $22 drink bill and said we had to pay for the drinks. I couldn't believe my ears. I explained that, ANYwhere else in town would have apologized, and waived the drink cost 

due to length of our wait, and spoiling a birthday dinner, and ask us to come back and let them try again another time. (and we would have). 

To my amazement,he told us that we could have the food for free. There were six of us. I stared at him for a moment, and reminded him that we're going to a movie and can't take food in, and reminded him that we wouldn't have had the drinks and refills, if we had known our food wasn't to arrive on time. 


NOW IT GETS WEIRD 


Out of the blue, I swear to Christ. He said, "do I have to call security?" My friends and I looked at each other dumbfounded. As if maybe he's not talking to us. After we regained our composure we asked, why? He told us because we refuse to pay our bill. At NO time did we refuse. 

Totally humiliated in front of the staff and patrons, we asked his name. His response was the answer to it all. DOMINIC MATTA. (family) . They had to hire him.

We reiterated, We, at no time even insinuated we would not pay our bill. This happened ONLY in his head and he decided to blurt it out in front of god and everybody. In a loud voice he then ordered our party to leave imediately. We started to leave and I heard "please" for the first time. "Please pay your bill". I did, and we left. I will post this at every opportunity, and on every website I can find, so nobody 
suffers as we have at the hands of the Matta family. 

I've edited my review so those that profess the ability to read between the lines quit whining