Let me tell you a story about staying true to the principles of your restaurant, $2 for three four-inch tortillas, and why you shouldn't hold your hand over your face to gesture, "God dammit...these fucking customers are making a big deal about $2 on a $126 bill even though we fucked up and shouldn't have charged them for it." where said customers can see you doing it.

What happened: 

We went there for Father's Day dinner. I ordered the Chile Verde (which was actually pretty good) and I got two four-inch tortillas to accompany my huge plateful of pork, beans, rice, and other fixings.

To give you an idea of the scale I am talking about: imagine going to Subway and ordering a footlong, getting all your favorite fixings, and then at the end having your sandwich artist (yes, what they do is an art, don't downplay that shit) present you with a plate full of your fixings and then giving you two Ritz crackers.

I proceed to use my two tortillas to eat my meal. When I looked back at the huge remainder of my entree, I realized, "This is what it feels like to throw rocks at a tank."

Remembering that ON THE MENU ITSELF stated that extra tortillas were on the house for any entree you purchased, I asked for more tortillas.

I got three more, used two, and packed the rest to go.

We finished our meals and our drinks, we for our bill. To my surprise they had charged me $2 for the three extra tiny tortillas. (Yes, I'm about to make a fuss about $2, deal with it)

USUALLY, $2 extra on a $126 bill would not be a big deal. I've worked in the restaurant industry long enough to know things get hectic and mistakes are made. Whatever. 

BUT when your menu itself says free extra tortillas and you set me up in a situation where I clearly need more, you don't go ahead and charge me for it. 

We mentioned it to our server, he talked to someone else (I'm assuming a shift manager) and then we proceeded to see the shift manager demonstrate the universal body language for, "Are you kidding me? I hate my job" you know, the one where you put your hand over your face, tilt your face down, and wish you were never born. 

To be absolutely fair I've made this gesture countless times when I worked in restaurants, but I made damn sure nobody saw me do it. Spoiler alert: we sometimes talk shit about customers in the kitchen*...sorry, it gets us through a long day. 

*BUT, if the customer was clearly in the right and I was their server, I don't care what happened, I owned it and apologized to them as it was my fault for not overseeing it since I am their only direct contact to the restaurant. 

Our server comes back a while later and tells me that:

1) I should've gotten three instead of two to begin with (you're kidding...one whole extra tiny tortilla?!) and

2) apologizes because someone in the kitchen told him to charge us for the extra three (despite the menu saying otherwise). 

We paid, left, and I'm not going back again. 

NOW, here is what SHOULD gave happened:

1) I order my huge plate of pretty good food
2) I run out of tortillas, I ask for more, I get more per the menu specifications
3) I mistakenly get charged for the extras, our server takes care of it, our server takes responsibility for it instead of shifting the blame, apologizes, and I leave a happy customer that will return. 

TL;DR

Making a fuss about $2 on a $126 bill is ridiculous, I know. But when the restaurant is 100% in error of the charge it becomes a matter of principle and you as the restaurant fix it. 

When you falter on principles then you are letting the terrorists win. Why? Because 'Merica, that's why. (Insert glorious Bald Eagle squawking the first line to the Star Spangled Banner)

When a customer gives inexplicable evidence that your restaurant made a mistake, own it, take care of it, and leave out the "Fuck these guys" attitude (or at least do it in the kitchen like every other restaurant)

If I had to justify the single star I gave them, I guess if gave to say the pork was pretty well done and the sauce was very good.