If I could rate it less I would.
I came here for my dinner during my birthday weekend and it was absolutely 
horrible. We were greeted friendly by our female server. 

Sidenote: My boyfriend and I both work in the restaurant industry, him as a 
kitchen manager and myself as a Front of the House manager so we are
usually very patient and understanding when it comes to restaurant 
problems.

After waiting 17 mins (I looked back to when I checked us in on facebook
when we sat down) for drinks we munched on chips and waited for our
server to come back and take our food order. She didn't come back. 20 mins
later I saw her and flagged her down and she walked right past me. Not long
after she comes back and takes our order. I ordered the carne asada and my
boyfriend had fajitas. After waiting 20 minutes and looking around I noticed that
our female server was leaving and a male server was coming on to take her
place. She told him that we were fine, not waiting on anything. 15 minutes later
when we finished our drinks he came over to our table and asked how we were
doing. I said our food was taking really long and he said he would go find out
what was going on. He talked to our old female server and she said 'oh sh*t' 
and then asked what we had to order again. We saw her go in to put in the order
and 18 minutes later our food came out with our new, male server. He acted
as if everything was ok. Over an hour later and 3 rounds of chips and salsa and
we just now got our food and it wasn't even that hot. I told my boyfriend if I said
anything I was going to get really upset because we had not even been 
apologized to at this point in time. Our new server dropped off the check
with NOTHING taken off and didn't even apologize. We flagged him down and
explained that we had waited so long and it was ridiculous not to have anything
done to our bill. He then apologized and we got $15 dollar off our $120 tab, after
ordering more drinks in the mean time. I didn't know if I was more shocked
that no manager was informed of this situation or the fact that I can remember 
the situation months after it happened as if it was yesterday.

Shame on you Cabo Wabo. You ruined that night and my experience 
at your establishment. Do you not have a manager on duty to deal with
guest complaints?