It REALLY bums me out when a restaurants food is ruined my horrible customer service. Sadly, this restaurant isn't even on my "I'll just get the food because I like it and expect the service to suck" lists. Not even worth it. I called in an order to go and I was told 15 minutes or less. I arrive around 15 minutes later when it should be ready and the girl at the counter 1. Didn't acknowledge me, 2. Was in the way of everyone else who was busy doing their jobs 3. Was preoccupied with standing at the counter texting on her cell phone. I mean, really? I'm actually surprised none of the other employees told her to get off the phone and work because I could tell they were having to pick up some of her slack. I finally get her attention and say that I have an order for pick up and she says "you'll need to wait." Just like that, with a bad attitude and an extremely unwelcoming facial expression at that. So I take a seat next to the counter to wait. Mind you the place isn't busy. There's one couple waiting for a booth to open but there were many places to be seated. After waiting for about 10 minutes I stand up next to the counter and again, not acknowledged. I ask her if she could check to see if my order was ready (she didn't even ask my name when I originally arrived) and STILL texting on her phone says to herself "oh I didn't check you out." A woman who seemed to be the manager asks me what I ordered, told me it was ready and gave my bag of food to the cashier. As I was grabbing my money she got back on her phone texting AGAIN. Her being young and society's technology is no excuse. I can't believe she wasn't coached on proper customer service etiquette and extremely surprised that the management staff allows you to be on your phone while dealing with customers. Needless to say, this was extremely irritating. Didn't get an apology from anyone and the cashier didn't even thank me after I had paid. Sheesh, be warned. Can't stand the hassle of poor service even if the food is good!