Sorry, don't agree with most of ya yelpers on this place. 

I wanted to stop by this place for awhile, so Sunday I took the trip down here to see what some of the fuss was all about. Cheap good food drew me in, and I'm a sucker for fish tacos. I drove up to this place thinking yes, this does look like a hippies house, with all the misc. crap placed all over the walls, ceilings and windows. I wouldn't say it had much of the beach vibe I think they were going for, or maybe it's just me, I have lived most of my life in San Diego and near the Beach, and most little beach shacks I've been to have a different vibe to them. 

On the board it said something like famous fish taco's or something like that. I thought oh yes then, got to try those.. I really don't know why I insist to challenge my gut feeling of "don't order the fish taco's, your in the middle of the freakin desert, there is no ocean for hundreds of miles", but no.. I had to order them. Taco's were cheap, like $2 a piece. 

The guy working at the counter that took our order was super friendly, he took the time to ask us how are day was going and what have we been up to and stuff. We waited about five minutes and our order was up. While waiting I was looking around at all the mess that was placed everywhere, and was wondering how this tied into there "theme".   And I wonder how long it's been since this place has gotten a good scrub, or at least a dusting???

OK, our order was up, and we sat in the back on some picnic benches. It was hot, but they did have a huge fan that made it bearable to sit back there. We opened up our fish taco's and noticed, wow these are huge! They piled all sorts of stuff in there.. cabbage, rice, ton's of cheese, fish, some sort of secret sauce, all on a flour, kinda thick shell (taste like the mission brand). 

Grabbed the taco with both hands and bit into the taco. Blahhhh, it was the fish.. Oh man, the fish killed it.. taste so fishy and soggy it was gross. Next, don't ask me why I did it, but I thought I'd try it again. So I poured the red hot sauce they had given on it and tried it again.. Blahhhh, gross, gross, gross. The sauce didn't help at all. There sauce had no heat to it, and the fish was just as bad as the first bite. I had bought two taco's, and looked in back of me, and there were two guys in there 20's macking down on taco's, and I offered them our taco's we didn't eat. They said, no man.. where good. So I couldn't even give these away for free.. 

We drove off grossed out, and I had this fishy taste in my mouth for about 20 minutes before I had to stop and get something else to eat to get the taste out. Soda wasn't doing the trick. I remember saying to my husband in the car driving off, I don't feel good, I think I'm going to puke.. really my stomach hurt, and in no way do I have a sensitive stomach. Like others had said, I really did want to like this place, but no way I'll ever ever return. Sorry..