Well. 

Now, keep in mind.... I have been a fine dining server for 14 years, and a pretty darn good one at that. I really wish I could find other hospitality staff as dedicated to the guest as I am with my own guests. Definitely couldn't find that here. Let me tell you what happened.

Not much to say besides this place was HORRIBLE. I was in Vegas alone, and craving some shrimp fajitas. When I walked in, I asked the hostess if I could be seated outside. She asked how many people? I replied, "Just me." She said, "There's a bar outside where you can order food. You can sit there if you want." I replied, "umm, so I can't get a table for one outside?" She said, "No, not for one." 

Now, I don't know who this girl is turning down a person because they are only one. I tip as much as four people would, and probably would've tipped more that night being I had just won $1300 10 minutes before walking into this place. 

Anyhow, I said ok, and made my way to the bar. 

Once at the bar, I took one of the only seats available...it was near the end of the bar, and appeared to be near a service station. Oh well, I guess I have no choice. 

It was a busy night, and being I saw 3 people behind the bar, I assumed they would have the service covered. BOY was I WRONG. I sat there with nothing in front of me for a good 10 minutes. NO exaggeration. I actually looked at my watch. NO Acknowledgement. No eye contact. NOTHING. I even said to the couple next to me, "How has the service been tonight. They just shrugged, and said, "It looks like they're pretending that they haven't seen you yet. " And they laughed. 

As much as I hate doing this, I waved my arm in the air as if in a tacky chinese restaurant. I even said "Helllllllllllllllo???? " out loud. FINALLY he comes over and says, "yes?" 

I said, "Hello, how are you this evening? Sorry to BOTHER you, but may I have a menu?" He gave me a drink menu, and before I had the chance to correct him and request a dinner menu, he was gone again. Like the wind. Then I sat another 10 minutes waiting for him to come back around again. Which he never did. Finally I flagged the OTHER bartender down, and said, "Hi, I wanted to see a dinner menu please...oh, don't go away. I already know what I want." 

I ordered the shrimp dish. Then I asked where the bathroom is. His reply was "You're sitting next to it." and he laughed. I wasn't amused. He continued, "JUST KIDDING. It's outside in the casino." I just nodded, unamused.

When I got up and went to find it, I never wound up going back. 

So, I left. Still starving. And VERY dissatisfied & ashamed of the HORRIBLE service. 

There wasn't a manager to be found either. 

DON'T waste your time or energy on such a crap shoot.