Whenever I talk about this place, I refer to it as "Los Causus."

Overpriced not great food, poor service, not that fun of an atmosphere.

Don't bother going.  You're better off heading to Emiliano's in the South Side or to any local Mad Mex.  Actually, I think I've had better food at Taco Bell.  I've never been to a Chipotle.

I was part of a party of 8 that dined at Las Velas on a Saturday night.  It wasn't that busy, and we did have a reservation, but when we arrived on time, there was a lot of scrambling to get some tables together to accommodate our party.  

We got a server who appeared to be in training (as she had someone with her) but neither one of them seemed to understand English. 

They brought waters for everyone at the table, but only one basket of chips and one serving of salsa.  Again:  Party of 8.

I ordered a strawberry margarita with salt on the rim (I prefer salt, not sugar as most places typically do with fruity margaritas), a cup of "Sopa Cancun," and a chicken quesadilla without any onions.  I tried really hard not to be a jerk about it, but I made sure I pointed to what I was ordering on the menu as I was ordering so I could be understood.

I got a regular margarita with salt, and when I told her I had ordered strawberry, the server who had set it in front of me replied: "No," so I said: "I wanted a strawberry margarita, I ordered a strawberry margarita," and she took it away and brought back a strawberry margarita.

The margarita was okay.  I've read other reviews raving about their margaritas and frankly, I don't get it.  

I received a BOWL of soup (I'd ordered a cup) which was below room temperature and basically looked like someone poured water over a half a cup of salsa and threw in 3 pieces of chicken and some rice, and while I was grateful my chicken quesadilla did not have onions as I had requested, it was cold.

Everyone in our party seemed excited to be with one another, so everyone ate, but no one seemed particularly impressed with anything they ate or drank.  I also noticed a lot of people passing drinks and plates back across the table to someone else, as the servers kept putting things down in front of the wrong people.

At least the bathrooms appeared clean and well-maintained.