Wow, the only combination of words to describe the restaurant is, "it sucks".  My wife and I decided to try it for dinner after having an enjoyable day in Vegas. Big mistake. The hostess that greeted us was pleasant. She seated us in less then 3 minutes but that's expected when the restaurant is not busy. There might have been at the most 15-18 other patrons in the restaurant so not busy at all. As we sat at our table waiting for the waiter, we realized that 15 minutes had elapsed and no one had asked what we wanted to drink. Finally, our waiter appears, he does not apologize for the unexplainable long wait, which immediately changed the atmosphere even more.  We ordered drinks, pepsi and a water with a lemon wedge, sounds easy right? Wrong the waiter screwed  that up. After we brought the mistake to his  attention, he said that he would correct it after  he took our dinner order. We gave him our  order. An appetizer, and two entrees. Another  20 minutes passed and no food, no corrected  drinks, no "is everything ok" from the waiter. I  might be wrong, but I'm pretty sure the  appetizer should come first. Well that didn't  happen. We never saw it. 35 minutes of lost  time. After 35 minutes we thought that any  reasonable person would make the decision to leave.  As we stood to leave, a waiter we have never seen before rushed out with the entrees. I caught a glimpse at the food and  thought, "holy smokes these are small tacos!".  For  $17 I would have expected something that  would fill me up, not finger food. The tacos at  taco bell are larger to give you an idea.  We notified a manager and explained the poor service but he obviously does not have any true managerial experience because a good experienced manager would try to correct the problem. But what can you say? The way an establishment runs is a reflection of management, crappy. The management is only out to get your money. Spend it somewhere else. You'll get better service at Mcdonalds.  Anyway, I will tell people every chance I get to avoid this restaurant.