My first time I went there, I had a really good experience. There was an Asian girl who took my order and she was very nice and kind. I told her it was my first time there and she helped me decide what to get. I settle on ordering the Jade Chicken burrito. I said I wanted lettuce, onions, tomatoes, cheese, and sour cream in the burrito. She wrote up the ticket and the burrito was delicious. 2 weeks later, I decided to go back and order the same thing I had the first time, only this  time--I did NOT have a very good experience. A white woman took my order and seem to not know what she was doing. I told her that I wanted a Jade Chicken burrito. I told her what I wanted inside (standard burrito filling: lettuce, onions, tomato, cheese, sour cream). What came out of her mouth was the most idiotic thing I had ever heard, "We can't make that." I explained that I had it before and there was no problem. She said, "Sometimes they can make it and sometimes they can't because the tortilla is small and all of that may not fit." WHAT??? Was she serious? Then she repeated my order and said, "You ordered the Jade Chicken and salad." I told her that I did not order a salad. She pointed to a picture on the wall behind the counter of a salad that included broccoli and what looked like carrots. I said, "I don't want all that in my burrito. I don't want broccoli." She wrote "no broccoli" on the ticket. I reminded her again what I wanted in my burrito. I also said, "That burrito was really good and that is the reason why I'm back for a second time. I hope it is made the same way again." She said she can't write on the ticket what I want in the burrito because the ticket "doesn't have enough room". I told her that the person who took my order the first time I was there had no problem writing the ticket or understanding what I'm wanting. She wasn't very friendly and seemed to not understand simple instructions. I then spoke to someone else and asked if my burrito could be made like I had before. He seemed to have NO problem understanding what I was saying, but by that point I was completely turned off and had lost my appetite from dealing with the inept order taker. Finally my ticket reached the kitchen. The person making my burrito looked SO confused! She kept looking at the ticket as if she didn't know WHAT to put in the burrito. I saw she put just a sprinkle of cheese (before it was plenty). Then she hesitated and read the ticket again and then put lettuce on the meat. Then starred back at the ticket again. Then hesitated and grabbed some tomatoes. This continued until everything was in there. I couldn't believe it. It is SIMPLE, TYPICAL BURRITO FILLING: lettuce, onions, tomatoes, sour cream, and cheese. It's not like I ordered: mushrooms, pickles, cucumbers, and croutons to put in the damn thing. I finally got my order, go t in my care and took a bite. Wrong meat. It was not Jade Chicken. Nice. After all that unnecessary angst, it is not surprising to say that I WILL NEVER GO BACK. Too much confusion. Not worth the hassle. Lady who took my order and couldn't understand how to write the ticket and who told me, "Sometimes they can make it and sometimes they can't" you have just cost Chino Bandido a potentially loyal customer. That was my second and LAST visit thanks to you.