What a disappointment. We began our late night (9:30) dinning experience here really happy with high expectations as the ambiance was wonderful and the recommendations were good. However, we left bitter and disappointed. My sister and I enjoyed two lovely "small plates" one was beef skewers and the other a shrimp bruschetta type dish. It was all down hill after that. Shortly after ordering our main courses we noticed a bug crawling on the top of our booth...yeah, it was a COCKROACH!!! I grabbed it in my napkin and crumpled it up and left in a side station area. We both were grossed out but were not going to make a huge fuss and have it ruin our meal. We're both flexible and understanding and didn't complain. But seeing that in a restaurant is really inexcusable and disgusting-and definitely dampers your appetite for their food. Where are his friends? Are they in the kitchen?! YUCK!!! We then waited 45 minutes for our food: an enchilada plate and a relleno plate. When they set down the steaming hot plates the food was cooked to nuclear levels because there  was a one inch crust around the plate and the beans were so dried out it was comical. Now mind you, these are $16 and $18 dollar plates of food. That is borderline fine dinning pricing and should come out looking as such. We promptly sent the food back and the manager came out and apologized which was appreciated. He stated that "it was inexcusable the way the food came out (which our server didn't monitor) and that his cook is obviously more interested in cleaning and getting out of here, then preparing the food." They offered to remake the food but it was literally too late around 10:45 and we didn't want to wait. They then took the food off but left the other stuff on. The bill came out to around 42 dollars. Which seemed unreasonable after only having a beer, a cocktail, two appetizers and a totally ruined dinning experience. We didn't mention the cockroach or the fact that it was my 30th birthday to the manager but it boils down to this: after that kind of experience he could of saved our business by comping the meal. The fact that we had TWO ruined entrees and walked out of their still hungry AND paying 40 dollars is bullshit. There are too many other quality options in this town with exceptional service. I wont ever go back to Rokerij.