WARNING! PLEASE READ!

I was so astonished by how bad the service was here, not to mention the RISK that I made a yelp account just to warn others. Coming from a native New Mexican, I will echo what so many people here giving the one star reviews have said (and if you read on you'll see why), the service... 

I came here for mine and my girlfriend's one year anniversary. It was suppose to be a special day. We are both originally from New Mexico so the idea of being able to order the food we grew up on sounded great. We were very excited to go here, but that was very short lived... As I walked up there were two girls and one very young boy at the front counter. I saw they had a very nice patio and asked if we could sit out there. They said that it might be a problem, that a party would be coming and when they got there we would be asked to "leave." I found her choice of words very odd and the other girl tried to explain we would have to relocate. I looked at my girlfriend, already with a bad feeling about the place and asked if she wanted to stay, which she did. 

Now this is when things get important, remember this: I said "I guess we'll eat inside." and the girl replied "Okay, I'll seat you in the bar then." I looked at her crooked and said "Um, no...? Is there a table in the dining room? We don't drink or smoke..." I looked around and the dining room had plenty of tables, not even half full. The girl sighed and grabbed some menus with haste, then took us to the very back, in a gloomy little corner and tossed them down on the table. I was amazed and almost walked out but my girlfriend was still excited some how.

I will say, our waiter was very friendly but he was a terrible waiter. It took him well over 10 minutes after my drink ran and me having to actually get up (flagging him down didn't work) and ask him for a refill. About 5 minutes after that, I finally got one, the thing is... There was something INCREDIBLY strange tasting about my drink. It was non alcoholic, a simple glass of water that tasted like swamp water. I gagged and spit it out. The smell of it was FOUL. 

To add on, the food was VERY mediocre for being in the $10-$15 a plate range. It was very bland and the spices weren't done quite right in my opinion. Again, coming from some one who grew up in New Mexico. 

The entire time, the manager kept giving us these odd looks, staring us down and making us feel uncomfortable. I thought it was all over, but it wasn't...

I had a family member pass through Phoenix and decide to eat here, they told me their story a bit too late however, I should have checked with them first knowing they've been through here. He told me that when he went here on a trip, they insisted on sitting him at the bar because he was alone and were very rude about it. They would not sit him at a table, even though he didn't want alcohol, only food.

The place is very poorly managed and that makes me very sad. I wish my great home state was better represented here in the Valley of the Sun. 

PLEASE BE WARNED, before eating here. You will be treated terribly and who knows what they might do to your food (or drink) if they don't like you.