I'm writing this review as I'm sitting here wondering why I even decided to try this place.  First off, I was greeted by a girl who seemed nice enough, though she was wearing a bikini top that pushed her boobs up to her eyeballs.  It's kinda a clue that your shorts are too tight when you're a skinny girl, yet you muffin-top over your cut-off shorts.   She ended up being our waitress. To be fair, she seems really nice, and is really trying to please us (maybe since I complained about the horrific iced tea).

ICED TEA: My husband and I ordered iced tea which is our usual drink at any restaurant. The tea that we received was so opaque, it could have passed for Sam Adams beer. Ironically, it was served on a beer glass. Any iced tea drinker will tell you that you should ALWAYS be able to see through you tea, otherwise it is over brewed and ridiculously bitter. I sent it back and requested water instead. She apologized and said that their iced tea brewer was broken, and they had brewed that tea through a coffee machine. REALLY?? Who does that?  Later she brought me a fresh tea (after I received my water), and asked me to sample it to see if it was good. This time, the tea was very pale and tasted weak. I told her it was better but probably needed to be brewed longer. She proceeded to tell me that they had just tried to add water to the tea in the back.  (oh great....)

DECOR: This place is definitely a college kid hang out. Two of the big screen tvs played a looped video of what was presumably parties at the restaurant. The top of our table had decal stickers of strippers pole dancing. Definitely not a kid friendly scene.  Luckily we didn't bring out kids that day. However, a family of 5 came in and were seated at the booth next to us. They had two young kids. Personally I wouldn't have felt comfortable bringing my kids in, but to each their own...

SERVICE: Like I said, the under-dressed greeter was our waitress. Seem seemed nice, from what little interaction we had. She and the only other waitress in the joint were busy flirting with the table of 6 college guys that were seated in the covered patio/outside area on the other side of the restaurant from us.

FOOD: The ceviche we ordered came on top of 3 tortilla chips that had gotten soggy from the juice. Not fun to eat, was very messy. I don't remember what my husband had, but I ordered the shrimp tacos. It was soggy, gross.  I picked the shrimp out of it and left the rest on the plate, completely dissatisfied

SUMMARY: I left the place still hungry and boiling mad about my whole experience. Not one time did were we approached by a manager after the whole ice tea debacle. It's not like the manager didn't know, since I had watched our waitress bring the ice tea over to her and speak to her about it. Poor service, poor management and poor quality of food. I wouldn't EVER come back, even if I was stone-drunk, which I guess is who they cater to. If people bothered to take their beer goggles off, they would definitely have morning-after remorse.