Wow. All I can say is wow. I have lived in Scottsdale for a looooooong time and usually when I dislike a place, it's for something like customer service, or overcooking my $35 steak, or a hair in my corn chowder, but this, this was an EXPERIENCE. My best buddy moved back from San Diego this past year and it was her birthday. She loves Mexican food and I had heard about the "great patio" and "delicious margaritas" this place had. It is also next to one of my favorite hotels, the Valley Ho. Well, everything I heard about this place IS true. The margaritas WERE good (better be at over $9 a pop) and the patio is breathtakingly lovely. But OH MY GOD... the food is INEDIBLE, and when I mean INEDIBLE, I mean I swing by McDonald's on the way home for chicken nuggets. THAT inedible. The salsa was so weak I had to ask for hot sauce to basically make it go from tomato paste to some flavor. We ordered a crab dip, and it was just chunks of crab (which I was fairly confident was imitation, but mind you, I was sucking down as many margaritas as I could to mask the horrendous meal I was consuming) and avocados. I didn't even understand it. I ordered mole ribs, and the were inedible. I took two bites, and threw it away when I got to a dumpster. Normally, if it was me just dining alone, or with my fiancee, I would have wigged out, but it was a birthday, for my friend, and in all honesty, our server was top notch. She was so sweet, attentive, and wonderful, and took all of our pictures, and helped us cut the cake and everything. I would have felt bad complaining, ruining a birthday, and frankly, what would I complain about? "Your food tastes flavorless"? "I have had better Mexican food at Del Taco"? I am at a loss at how this place is still in business. It was SLAMMED when we were there. Please, if you want Mexican food in south Scottsdale, go to the Mission. I am embarrassed to say I did not check out what my fellow yelpers would have said about this place, cause I would have steered clear! Dear Tortilla Factory, go to Mexico for a while and learn what a taco tastes like, heck, just save yourself the trip and go to Taco Bell.