I can't even give this establishment one star. This place is poorly managed and understaffed. But wait till you here this... After dealing with this place being understaffed and finally being able to sit and eating $4.00 tacos (which were good) but could have bought at the food truck for $.99. Once finished I went to the restroom. Just like everything else at this place a line to wait. Finally getting in the restroom there is a load pounding on the door. Thinking it was someone who needed to go real bad I sat doing my "Business". However the pounding continued with the address of "Open the door this is the police". So I blurted out "Excuse me I'm taking a s@$&"! (Probably not the smartest thing to say) It continued... So I said I'm F@$&ing taking a s@$&! That was definitely the wrong thing to say. When I opened the door prepared to let this person have it the police officers (plural) proceeded to throat check me and slammed me against the wall (in a very nice way). They explained to me when the police say open the door I should open the door (which I agreed to 100%). I explained to them that what my intention was as soon as I was done wiping my ass. They told me someone told them someone was passed out in the bathroom and wanted to be sure they were ok. They apologized for what happened which I graciously accepted. Now here is the weird part of the story (you're thinking that wasn't the weird part) my wife felt it was necessary to tell the manager. So after looking for our waitress and requesting the management's presence a young man finally arrived. Expecting to be patronized he began to get in my face telling me he was the one who had the cops come to throat check me because I was in there doing drugs with someone! I was shocked! My wife could see my patients was about to run out... She began to get between me & him.  She let him know if that was the case the police would have taken me to jail... This man was still adamant he was right and we were all wrong. So with this being said if I were you I would get the $.99 tacos from the food truck instead of this poorly mismanaged establishment... And who ever owns this place you need to fire this idiot... Hire someone with competence and more help when you know that the evening Will bring a large number of paying patrons.