I know going to a newly opened restaurant usually involves hiccups in food preparation and service but I was not prepared for a MASSIVE TRAIN WRECK. This restaurant is NOT READY FOR PRIME TIME.

I thought Taco Haus meant a place with lots of tacos but really they only offer five tacos, A Veggie, Chicken, Steak, Pork Belly, Fish either grilled or Fried. We ordered one of each  since they are small street tacos, a chicken mole empanada and street corn to share.

Our server said he'd bring us salsas and sauces and did come back with bottled sauces but no salsas.

First comes out our Chicken Mole Empanada. I liked the unique crispy shell of the empanada but I didn't recognize any sort of mole there anywhere. A white slightly herb-ed cream was under the Empanada and it was so mildly seasoned I couldn't tell what it was suppose to be but it was sort of tangy and I thought it might be tarter sauce. Whatever it was I didn't like it.

The Rotisserie Chicken Taco was MEMORABLE because it was the DRY-EST Chicken I ever had and was like SAW DUST in my mouth and also was next to tasteless.

The pork belly taco just seemed like it was deep fried and also lacked flavors.

Similar stories with the fried fish, veggie, steak tacos and street corn. EVERYTHING WAS UNDER SEASONED.

My grilled Fish taco was INEDIBLE. It was either spoiled or next to spoiled. It tasted like rotting fish. I did inform the waiter and he took it away and insisted on bringing me something else. I almost died. In my head I'm thinking I really don't want anything. Everything was terrible. My husband asks for a veggie taco to replace the fish. My waiter told me EVERYBODY WHO HAD THE GRILLED FISH SAID THEY DIDN'T LIKE IT.  If EVERYBODY doesn't like it something is wrong with it. (fish taco was removed from check and manager did apologized about the fish)

And Lastly the street corn was a terrible concoction. It seemed like old not so fresh water boiled corn that got slightly browned mixed with popcorn and a spoonful of mayo with so little anything else it had no resemblance  or taste to street corn and had little flavor on it's own.

I only heard good things about the chef from here but I seriously worry about his pallet.

Everything fell short.

SLIGHT UPDATE 2-2-14
 Fish Tacos have been removed from the menu since my review.