Can somebody please explain to me who it was, exactly, that effectively killed proper customer service?

Tonight, my sister and I went to this location to pick up dinner.  I ordered two of the chicken tacos and she just wanted two orders of the flour tortillas to make her own items when we got home.  The guy behind the counter, wrapped up two rolls of two tortillas each and then urged us further down the line to finish our order.

We got to the end, behind one other patron, and the cashier grabbed one of our tortilla wraps and placed it on their tray.  My sister spoke up behind her that she had just given some of our order to the people ahead of us and the cashier snapped that there were others tortillas already rolled up at the previous station.  My sister and I looked through the window/sneeze-guard and noticed two other orders of tortillas that had been there for a while.  Uh, no.  I did not just order fresh food that I intend to pay for, to get somebody else's food that was left for who knows how long.

So, my sister reiterated that the wrap on the tray was ours and the cashier snatched them up and snapped loudly..."oh my god, they're all tortillas."  Again, I ask...what the heck has happened to customer service?!

I snapped at the cashier to calm down and the manager asked if something had just occured to which the cashier told her that nothing had happend.  So, when we got to the front of the line and the same cashier asked if we needed anything else, I asked to speak with the manager.  With an eyeroll, the cashier pointed to the woman next to her.

I told the manager that I didn't appreciate what her cashier had snapped and the cashier chose that moment to interrupt with..."I wasn't even talking to you!"  I snapped back and informed her and the manager that if she wanted to be rude and snap about customers, then she should work in a closed environment, rather than the open one where all food preparation can be seen and all sarcastic and nasty comments can be heard.

Once again (as it feels has become my motto lately) I will not be back to this location.  I can handle being given the wrong order, we all make mistakes, but to blatantly treat paying customers in this manner is not only ridiculous but unacceptable!