Los Dos used to be one of my favorites New Mexican restaurants years ago.  The Chandler location opened up recently and I was very excited since it was close to where I work.  

Here's the short:
Poor service, food was WAY too salty.  

I was greeted as I was coming into the restaurant with who was to be my server flying out the front door.  Almost hit me in the head with the door. Once we were seated I noticed the menu was labeled as "Temporary".  Not sure what that meant. Anyway, I asked if the meat in the burrito was chunks of pork or shredded.  the answer I got was "Shredded chunks of pork", and after a closer look I noticed pork was not even an option. After several more questions it was obvious the server (who I think was a manager, wasn't dressed like a server) didn't know the menu at all, so I just ordered what my girlfriend ordered.

The food came out hot and in an acceptable amount of time, but after the first bite I noticed the extreme saltiness. Everything was really salty.  Main dish, beans and even the rice. I couldn't eat even half my plate before I went back to the chips. When asked if I wanted a to-go box I kindly declined.

We sat at the table with napkins over our half eaten plates for at least 15 minutes before she came back and cleared the plates.  Another 15 minutes passed before I had to ask another server for our check.

The most obnoxious part of this experience was when I paid. They use a modified iPad to electronically sign and fill in the tip.  I thought that was cool until the server stood over my should as I am about to fill in the tip.  Well, I wasn't planing to tip so I just signed it.  The server then pointed out quite clearly that I did not leave a tip and walked away. I thought we were done so we got up to leave.  As we were walking out the door she chased me down to give me my receipt and to point out once again that I didn't leave a tip.  Really? Take a hint lady!

Anyway, It became obvious to me that our visit ended in the same fashion it began; with that server/manager person running out the door after another customer walked out with leaving a tip.

If you like salt and poor service, this is your place.