I am so so so disappointed to do this update.  To go from a restaurant where we enjoyed a 5 star meal, introduced friends and used it as the go to place for both dining in and take out - around 2 times PER WEEK to the terrible experience we had at lunch today.

My son said his chili relleno and enchilada combination plate was not nearly to the quality he has come to expect.

The Colorado burrito was a huge disappointment for the first time.

My 11 year old daughter (who is very very picky about Mexican food) ordered an a la carte burrito with rice, beans, cheese, lettuce, tomato and sour cream.  It came out as a huge burrito on a plate with rice and beans.  Only thing in the burrito was beans, cheese, lettuce and tomato.  This was cooked IN THE OVEN?!?!  The lettuce was the texture and consistency of spinach.  The sour cream was on the side.  Needless to say she hated all of it and wouldn't touch it or eat it.

My 9 year old daughter ordered taquitos (2) off the kids menu with guacamole and fries instead of rice and beans.  The taquitos (2) was actually a shredded beef and cheese chimichanga cut into 5 slices.  The guacamole was on top of the french fries.  The guacamole had chunks of jalapeno in it which made it to spicy for her to eat.  I had to try and scrape it off.  She also refused to eat it.  I was charged an extra $2.95 for the guacamole bringing the price of this kids meal (with no drink) to $7.95

I sent the a la carte burrito back.  

Get the bill and have been charged $8.95 for the burrito plus $.75 cents for lettuce and $.99 for sour cream.  I told them I wasn't paying for it when she didn't get what she ordered and didn't like what she got.  The waiter argued with me and said he would take 50% off of the charge for that burrito.  I said I wasn't paying for it and that we were also not happy with the kids meal but wasn't complaining about it yet....

He left to talk to his manager and didn't come back for over 5 minutes.

At this point I was super close to just walking out and leaving an amount of cash on the table that I thought fair for the meal.  (My husband also had an enchilada plate.) 

He brought the bill back with most of the burrito taken off except the $.99 for the side of sour cream.  I circled it in pink pen and wrote in capital letters TIP next to it.  Then left the $33.76 in cash on the table.

We will not return sadly enough.  Guess we have to find a new restaurant to frequent.  :(