I visited not too long ago. For awhile it's been declining. However this time was the worst and I will not ever be returning, and neither will anyone with me. This is in regards to their kitchen, hopefully the health department is aware of this as well. My boyfriend and I went to the Rokerij on A Sunday we opted for the downstairs bar seating as i've always liked the ambiance and it best! :) We walked down and it was empty, we asked if we could sit in a booth and we were told they were all reserved and we could sit at the bar.  We didn't mind and just sat at the bar, I never mind sitting there.  We just wanted a little more privacy for his birthday but no biggie.  We were given menus, we ordered the Artichoke Dip appetizer and both ordered the Porkchop-both sounding delicious.  The appetizer came out fairly quick and was however soupy and possibly one of the worst i've had.  Our entrees were the concerning issue, however.  After waiting 20 minutes after our appetizer was done, our entree came out.  We both were hungry and dug in, to find both pork chops raw as all heck.  We waved down the bartender and told him, he told us to put them on separate plates, then just took our plates back.  He explained to us that he asked them to cook them medium rare because they come out dry a lot if you don't.  First of all, I appreciate trying to think ahead, but maybe don't serve something that comes out bad all the time?  I don't appreciate that the kitchen would send out ANY sort of poultry not cooked, raw, especially when it wasn't requested in the first place.  This is disgusting.  We never even received an apology, smile, nothing.  They came back out 10 minutes later, the same plates, and the bartender asked us to cut in and make sure they were cooked.  Why is that our job? The bartender also ignored the birthday situation, which I didn't exactly push but made known, just kind of lame.  Too add, only one couple came in during the hour and a half we were there, and were given explanations to the specials and menu in detail, while we were apparently a bother.  I get reservations, but... All in all, possibly the worst dining experience i've had in a while, and definitely won't return to any and I don't recommend Perry the bartender and his rude attitude. 
To add, I emailed to let the owners know and received NO reply. Horrible customer service.