Given that this restaurant was 1/4 full on one of the busiest weekends (July 4) should have been a warning sign. We made reservations for 6:45 PM and were seated next to a table of 20 people with screaming kids (I am as mad with myself for not asking for another table as I am with the airhead hostess for seating us there). Given that there were more employees at the restaurant than patrons, I don't understand why the service was so poor. 

When we sat down they did the usual up-sell on bottled water (attention all restaurants -- this is getting ANNOYING) and we asked for "tap water" and I ordered a prickly pear frozen Margarita no salt. What arrived was a Margarita WITH salt. Given there was straw I went ahead and started drinking it, but within 60 seconds the waiter came to prepare the "table side guacamole" and he asked me if I liked the drink and I said it was OK but they went ahead and put salt on it. His response? "OK" ... note to management, when either your bartender or waitstaff screw up should they not try to make amends? 

Given that I've had "table side guacamole" at much cheaper places, like El Torito Grill, I expected something more than bringing a bowl with all the ingredients and the waiter standing there mixing them --- no explanation of WHAT the ingredients were or if we wanted this or that in the guacamole --- so why say "table side" when it might as well have been done in the kitchen? And to top it off I had to ask the waiter about the two hot sauces; e.g. what were they, were they hot or mild, etc. The guacamole was OK, not the best and it was EXTREMELY salty. My guest and I couldn't figure out why. 

My guest ordered the Filet with Cheese enchiladas and I ordered the "tres tacos". My tacos were probably an appetizer but I wasn't that hungry and quite honestly nothing on the menu looked that great. They also had an all-you-can-eat buffet for $29 but to my guest and myself it looked like a glorified taco bar (with a nasty looking roasted whole suckling pig in the middle -- I'm sorry, when I see something that could possibly be someones pet roasted whole on a platter it doesn't make my mouth water). 

My three tacos were one pork which was so hot I had to take a Pepcid AC after the meal, a chicken taco that was quite good and a steak carnitas taco that was smothered in the sweetest tasting BBQ sauce I've ever had --- that one I skipped after the first bite. 

In the meantime, table with all the brats (why do parents allow this?) kept getting louder, my guest's steak and enchiladas came. He ordered the steak medium rare and what came was somewhere between medium well and well done. The waiter was actually standing behind me when I saw my guest cut the steak in half and looked in shock at how well done it was. Before I could say "send it back NOW" the waiter said, ohh, that looks well done to me. So he took it back but offered NOTHING given that I was done with my meal by the time the next steak came which was BLOODY RARE. My guest and I had headaches from the screaming children and just wanted to get the hell out of there so he ate most of the steak but left the most bloody rare pieces for the kitchen staff to see when the plates were returned to the kitchen. We waited forever for the check and the waiter didn't take anything off the bill or even offer a free desert. I left a 10% tip and will NEVER be back.