So looking forward to this dining experience last evening...had been recommended by several folks in person and the reviews on Yelp only pumped up my taste buds more...

If this is Las Vegas Mexican food at it's best then someone needs to have their head examined....it was downright BLAH.

Chips and salsa up front was nice touch but Salsa nothing special. Beans were nice free touch too but tasted like straight out of a can. We had several palate's to please. picky 15 year old, 18 year old who loves fish and anything fresh, your texmex appetite and mine who embraces any different, fresh or just darn good food.

How can you mess up a plain chicken quesadilla... two bites and 15 year old  was done...tasted it and couldn't agree more. Shrimp enchilada sounds good and as there was so much shrimp on the menu you figured it was a easy home run. Chewy and fishy covered in a plain sauce...18 year old didn't get through a 1/4 of it and others at the table agreed. Chicken Enchilada, come on how easy is that...apparently not to easy! Barely passable and again just plain. I had the 3 pork chops, Chuletas was the dish name, marinated overnight in a secret sauce. Don't bother, chops dried out and the sauces only secret is that it smothered the pork chops in something I would only describe as tasteless.

The service here was excellent (besides 3 requests for water) and can't fault them in this regard. Almost all the people in their, both small and large parties seemed to be celebrating a birthday party and it was just way to loud. WARNING sign - they listed fish on the menu but all they had were shrimp. This leads me to believe they do not shop fresh produce, how can you not have fish tacos on the menu!!! Come on and yes this only dawned on me after.

We finished our meal and probably returned the food about 75 - 80% untouched. There was an apology from the waiter but no manager to come and ask why, no credit on the bill... NOTHING.

We left our tip and were out of there and likely to never return...$100 down the drain.

I am rarely this bad when writing reviews but when you have options like Mundos in town and Don Juan for texmex/fresh food then I would recommend you steering clear of this over rated Mexican establishment.

Sorry Lindo...