Super Disappointed in Javier's after last night and not sure that we would ever return to the restaurant after the way Guillermo, the manager, handled our situation and treated us while we were there.  
We were a group of 4 (all locals) dining before a show.  Two of us got there early and ordered drinks from the bar.  The bartender, Cara was VERY ACCOMMODATING, really nice and made us martinis that were not on the menu.  She took an idea of the flavors that we were looking for and she made a PERFECT Martini.  The other two in our party arrived, we closed out our tab with Cara ($14 per drink) and we were seated.  
Luis was our waiter during dinner and did a fantastic job.  We ordered food and continued to order the same Martinis at dinner (we told Luis to go to Cara since she had made the original Martinis).  Dinner was good and then we received the bill.  The Martinis were now $17 instead of the $14 that we were charged at the bar.  I questioned Luis and he said that we were charged the wrong price at the bar and that $17 was the new and correct price.  I explained that it wasn't right to charge $14 at the bar and then $17 at dinner.   We thought that they were $14 and happily paid that at the bar and continued to order because we thought that they were $14.   He offered to get the manager, Guillermo.  Guillermo came over and we explained the situation that we had a couple Martinis at the bar for $14 and then at dinner, they were $17.  Guillermo said that $17 was the right and a fair price for the Martinis and that he would not change it.  I explained that it was not our fault if they charged us the wrong price at the bar but since we had already started drinking the Martinis at one price, didn't he think it would be fair THAT NIGHT to let us have the other two that we ordered at the same price.  He said, NO.  We explained that we were locals, frequented the restaurant and were disappointed in the way that he was handling the situation since we were now arguing over $6 and he said that he would not adjust the price for the Martinis, that was their price and it was a fair price for the Martinis.  He then went on to tell us that he would be writing up the bartender who made us the drink and she would be disciplined.  What manager does that?!?!?  Why in the world would he tell us about his disciplinary actions towards his employees!!!????  I made sure to tell them that even though Cara may have made a mistake on the price, she was certainly a very good bartender and she should not be written up.  We then told him that we would never return to that restaurant, and he said that was fine and walked away.  I was astonished that a MANAGER at a restaurant of that caliber would talk to us that way, give us his disciplinary action details and not adjust the price of their Martinis to a price that we had already been paying and argued with us over $6.  Our argument was based solely on principle....when you charge a customer one price for something and then less than one hour later charge them more for the same item, THAT IS WRONG and he could not and would not see that or change it.  What if the difference had been more than $6??  What if it had been food?  I just can't see how you can run a restaurant that way and we were certainly NOT looking for freebies or handouts....we were just looking for a manager to DO WHAT WAS RIGHT!!!  
We asked our waiter, Luis for any other managers names so that we could make a complaint later and he gave us a couple of other names and we paid our bill and were about to leave.  
As we were about to leave, the General Manager, Moises came over and asked what the problem was.  We explained again and he understood and offered us a drink at the bar since we had already paid our bill.  While we were explaining the situation to Moises, the people dining next to us were frustrated too and spoke up....so at that point, I think Javier's had two tables of four people that were not happy at all.  We had to be at the show in 15 minutes and could not accept his offer for a drink, so he gave us his card and said to call him before dining there again.   The problem is that I am not sure that I want to dine there again and I am not sure what he would even do to make this a better experience.   I really have a bad taste in my mouth from the manager, Guillermo and how he handled their customers.   I have NEVER seen a manager handle a situation like that before and was SUPER DISAPPOINTED (and we have all been in the industry in the past as well)!!  In my opinion, I think Guillermo needs some additional training on customer service before they allow him to deal with people in the future!!