I really love the food here. I have never had anything from the menu that I did not enjoy. However, I will never return to this establishment after the way I was treated this evening.

After finishing our meals, I gave my credit card to our server to pay our bill. Upon returning to our table and leaving the receipt for my signature, the server, as an afterthought, told me that she had accidentally charged another bill to my credit card. I was then told that the charge was for about $50.00 and that it would be credited back to my account in 2-3 business days. Needless to say I was not happy and asked to speak with the manager. 

Prior to getting to my conversation with the manager let me explain my thinking. Based on what the server told me, I was charged $50.00 by mistake and then was charged $67.73 for my bill. The server understood that the $50.00 (even with a credit authorization run) was going to show as pending on my account and would take up available funds or credit on my account. Rather than come tell me of the mistake that was made, the server put through the credit authorization and then charged my bill to the account. The server had no way of knowing if the funds would be available for both charges, but knew that for at least 2-3 business days both charges would take up funds or credit from my account. This means that in the event that this extra $50.00 put me over my credit limit or overdrew my account I would be left holding the bag, with the server never having thought to ask me if I could afford to be without the extra $50.00 for 2-3 days. Essentially my thinking is that the server's actions were a horrible way to handle the situation. 

I spoke with the manager and he was completely uncaring about the situation. He basically told me that it was only $50.00 and that I would get it back in 2-3 business days. He then proceeded to ask me if I had the $50.00 available and that if I did it was no big deal. I explained that even if I had the $50.00 I was now $50.00 poorer due to his company's action. He did not care.

I then returned to my table and used my phone to check the charges on my account. It was not a $50.00, but a $76.47 charge. Both the server and manager lied about the amount that was incorrectly charged to my account. This upset me. I found the manager and explained the discrepancy in what I was told and the facts. Again the manager was not concerned. Basically the server and manager had lowered the incorrectly charged sum by more that 1/3. Then the purported owner of the establishment told me "this happens all the time and no one has ever been upset about it." You read that correctly, IT HAPPENS ALL THE TIME. 

This restaurant should not be trusted with your plastic. I am just thankful that it wasn't a $500.00 bill that was charged to my card. I will never again visit this place of business due to the way in which this situation was handled.