Check your tastebuds at the Door!   Cabo Fish Taco, you give Fish a real BAD name, you give Taco a Bad name, you even give Taco Bell a Bad name!  I've had better!  I've had better at Taco Bell and sadly, or maybe not, I've had better HERE at Cabo Fish Taco, so what is going on... It does not seem they are slipping it seems more like a Fall a dive in quality and flavor, not a swan dive, a NOSE Dive!

Fishy, Mahi Mahi should not NOT taste fishy especially when it has BBQ sauce to mask the flavor of the Fish, still fishy tasting!  The Menu said it was Mahi, so maybe it was a mistake, we made one too!  Glad to say neither of us became physically ill!

The Mashed Potatoes were so Cold as if they came out of the Refrigerator... Equally as disappointing as the worst parts of the meal!

What is cooler than cold, Tacos at Cabo Fish Taco!  Some food is like Revenge (better when served COLD)!  If they could make everything as good as their Corn Salsa I would be giving them closer to two or three yelp stars!

My Beer Battered Shrimp Taco (the Dish that used to be good here) was the best part of the meal and it was not very good!  The Wrap was COLD and the sauce had little flavor!

The other Dish I previously enjoyed here (years ago) was the Nopalito Salad I call it a Bean and Cactus Salsa! This time it was almost flavorless 

The service was friendly and laid back, maybe a little too laid back since our food came out room temperature and since there were only two other tables (of two people each and they were already eating) it would be different if they were busy!  Here is how they approach the question they should have asked "How was your meal?"?  Instead they say : "Everything's good isn't it"?  They noticed we did not eat very much!  They knew we did not enjoy it!

One improvement is the Boys Bathroom!  Congrats!  This is a good upgrade from years ago!  If the food could have stayed good. I'd settle for going outside like before, (I was not the only one)!  I know you can get in trouble for that, so I'm glad they made that improvement!

The meal was so disappointing we went out to eat AFTER leaving this place!  After an experience this poor I want something good to make sure I still have Taste buds!  I did!!!

This place is probably still very popular and could be a cool place to hang out!  Sincerely I hope they were only having a Bad evening!  I hate writing 1 star reviews!