Ill start with why the food is a one star then explain why the service is as well. 

First off I judge a Mexican restaurant by their chips and salsa. Your food and service can be sub par but if you have amazing chips and salsa I will love it!  Not sure if ours was an old batch, but half our chips were wet and oily and the salsa was just tomato sauce with some canned diced tomatoes. Nothing special or tasty. 

I ordered a margarita just the house on the rocks no salt. We were sitting at a cocktail table so I watched the bartender grab a pint glass dump some ice in it then reach for a blender pitcher full of old pre made margarita and pour it in my pint glass. The server brought it out to me I explained that I really wanted a fresh made margarita. After a little discussion I just said no thanks I don't want a margarita anymore ill stick with water.  We finally ordered and then our food arrived and I cut open my chicken chimichanga to find it was beef. And my husbands chile con carne was supposed to come with tortillas. When the waitress came by again I explained that my chimichanga  was wrong and told her I thought my husbands came with tortillas. No apology offered for the mistakes. She just said oh ya  I can get you a side of tortillas if you want, as if she was doing us a favor. When mine finally came out corrected (my husband was done with his food by this point) it was correct but not really good. The chimichanga wasn't crispy (it's fried so it should be crispy, it was pretty soggy) and the black beans were just okay nothing special or flavorful. 

Service wise - terrible. Once I sent back the margarita the server was cold, inattentive and refused to speak to me only looking and speaking to my husband. The manager did come by to address "my question about the margarita" offering no apologies for their methods just saying that they go through 60 gallons per week of margaritas. So what?!? I want a fresh made margarita not some warm pitcher of old margarita that has been sitting out on the counter for who knows how long. (By the way shouldn't margarita mix be refrigerated?) also after both our orders had issues we never received an apology or a manager visit or a comp or discount. Not expected but still nothing done about the problems. 

After all that I have no reason to come back. My husband liked his chile con carne but that's honestly the only positive of the experience. 

I guess our search for passable Mexican food continues