I have to say that I had the worst restaurant experience I have ever had tonight. My wife and I started our evening on the High Roller which was awesome definately check it out. After we walked through the Linq and decided to eat at Chayo.

The atmosphere is awesome and it wasn't very busy so we stopped in. We were seated in a booth toward the middle of the place. We sat next to a large group which had obviously been there for a while looking at the mess on the table. All of a sudden a guy and girl quickly walk toward that table and the girl starts bitching out this guy. The manager(if you could call him that) comes over and tells me he will block me from this group and stands in front of me. The girl eventually smacks this guy in the face which causes the other guys to start pushing each other and one of them is pushed into me. I then have to get involved and told them to take the fight somewhere else. Which almost involves me in this fight.

Some of the group then left and things calmed down. The Manager who told me he was going to protect me(whatever) comes over and apologizes. I told him to move us to a new table so we can eat in peace since part of the group was still there. We were moved and eventually ordered. The food is mediocre at best but our server FAB was awesome he was a cool guy and provided excellent service. During our time there the Manager came over and said he would take care of the check and he looked like he was genuinely sorry for what had happened. At one point one of the guys from the group came over too and apologizes he to told me he would pay my bill for the embarrassment his friends caused. I then watched him go talk to the Manager. Come to find out we were later told that these rowdy people were friends of the Manager, had been there for 4 hours and chased out other people seated near them.

After we were done we were given a bill for the full amount. We paid and left a nice tip for our server. On the way out the Manager shook my hand and apologized and said he would buy me a drink.....Are you serious I'm out on a date night with my wife and your friends start crap and almost cause my to whoop some ass and you never followed through on your part to make things right and now you want to buy me a drink...get real. Then the Manager gives me his business card and tells me to text him next time I want to come in. Yeah right like I'll ever go back there. I'm not sure where the restaurant manager was but come to find out the "Manager" was the Beverage Manager which explains why I was getting a comped drink. This whole situation was handled improperly from the start. My wife has been in the industry for a while and I have never seen worse customer service from a manager...we were amazed.

To make a long story short stay far away from this place there are plenty of other cool places to eat in the Linq!!!!!!