If it was possible, I would give this place ZERO stars, actually negative stars. My family had hands down the WORST service experience here we have ever had at any restaurant in AZ. The sad part is we had been coming to this place for several years now, and even had my 30th Birthday party with family and friends here last year. We have noticed the both the quality of the food and quality of the service has been severely declining recently. However, tonight's debacle takes the cake for all time worst experience ever. Here's what happened... 

We arrive at 6:15 and get a table for 5 plus a highchair. We are seated within less than 5 minutes. Server arrives (Sean) soon after we sit down and gets water for the table. We had to wait a while for him to take our order because he disappeared for a bit... maybe waited 15 min for him to come back. Here is where things really start to go south... so we are waiting, and waiting, and waiting... at about 6:50 he comes out and says our food should arrive shortly. Then 7:00 rolls around, still no food. Then the table next to us (about 6-8 people I think) that arrived a good 30 minutes or so AFTER us gets their food. Then another table that arrives after us gets their food too... then a table of 4 that arrived literally 15 minutes ago, gets their food. Now we are thinking something is wrong with this picture.  

So we ask for our server, he is no where to be found. So we wait... and wait... and wait... AGAIN. When he does show up, we ask for our food to-go because we have been waiting over an hour at this point (it was 7:20pm) and we had no food and had to go because our baby was getting fussy. He takes my husbands credit card to charge us for our food and says he will bring it right back... 10 minutes later... STILL NO FOOD and no server to be found, which means my husbands card has gone missing. 

In this time frame I had gone to the front to speak with the Manager with my Mom to let her know what happened and to see if they could locate our server, food and most importantly our credit card. The manager, the sorry excuse for a manager that is, arrives and is downright rude. She never apologizes and only says "we are really swamped" as I look around at half full rooms of people and say "are you serious?". We have been waiting well over an HOUR, all of the tables around us have food, the people that arrived 15 minutes ago next to us have their food. We want to leave and we want our card now. She disappears in the back and never returns. 

Meanwhile in the dining room... my food arrives (at 7:45pm) and guess what... they put it on FLOUR tortillas, even though I specifically asked for corn and said I cannot have flour because of a gluten intolerance. My husband noticed the mistake and asked the waiter "are these flour? My wife can't have flour, we told you that." and the waiter (Sean) says "well yes, but she can just scrape the food off and eat it without the tortilla." WHAT!?!? You have to be kidding me!?!? So someone with an allergy should just "scrape food off" to eat it?? This is literally no joke... the guy actually said "scrape it off, she will be fine" 

We then say, we are leaving please give our card back... and the waiter said he didn't charge it. We get home and check our account... guess what?? THEY CHARGED THE CARD!!! For food that arrived over an hour late, was cold, the wrong thing, and most of all this waiter was so ignorant to suggest "scraping it off to eat it". The ignorance and lack of any fiber of customer service or common sense is baffling. 

Save yourself the hassle and go to a different place where the wait staff is helpful, and the food is much better... or even arrives at your table.