I think that this is probably one of the more authentic Mexican food restaurants that I have been to and if you really want to add extra kick to your meal, try a prickly pear margarita.  Boy - those things will definitely add some intrigue to your night or at the very least some good laughs. 

If you go, plan extra time to sit and wait for a table because chances are unless you are very lucky, you will have to wait quite awhile to be seated.  But, I think that it is worth the wait.

Amendment, May 2008 - I have co-workers in town for a trade show.  
A few nights ago, I suggested Los Dos for dinner.  I warned them that the service was slow but the food is always good.  We agreed to try it.  We arrived at 7:15ish.  Half of our party wasn't there - so in order to not be rude and take up a table, we ordered some drinks, chips & guacamole and took a table outside to wait.  At around 8, we were still minus 2 guests and starving.  So, I went in and got us a table.  I'd say our other 2 finally showed up around 8:30.  We did not get greeted by a waiter until 9pm - an hour after sitting.  Had he come up to us in the beginning, I would have told him that we were going to just order as a partial party.  But no one even asked.  They sent over a nice guy that could only take our drinks and kept saying that he'd bring us a waiter.  Right before the waiter finally appeared, I walked up the hostess stand and let them know that it really had been far too long to be waiting.  There were 2 girls behind the stand and a busboy (not really sure what his position was considering most of the night he ogled these 2 girls and stood scratching his head at the hostess stand - maybe he was the third hostess?).  They were pretty rude to me and continued to get ruder through out the night.  Unfortunately, I had such a BAD experience that I will no longer be recommending this place to anyone.  I'm rating it a one star - down from 4 stars.  I was embarrassed that my co-workers had to see such a nasty side of my fellow Arizonans.  I will not be returning to Los Dos Molinos.  I have had a lot of poor service here - but I always took the bad with the good because the food is good.  But, they just crossed the line too far this time and I won't support a place that treats me (the customer) badly.  I work in the service industry from time to time at trade shows.  I know that people have their bad days and I know that it can be hard to always meet every customers needs - but I also know that I do my very best to be kind and helpful to every customer no matter what mood I am in and I expect the same in return if I am spending money for a service.