We had a reservation at 7:30 for a party of 12 for a birthday party. We arrived at 7:20 and were told our tables were almost ready, that a previous party was finishing up at our table. Not a problem. 815 we were still waiting and the manager said she had an idea, she could place a table at the end of the booth, but it was going to be too cramped, then she suggested 2 booths, splitting up the party, which defeated the point of being all together for a birthday party. The manager was nice but the hostesses were very rude and snotty behind our backs as we waited to see if our original reserved tables were ready. We heard the hostesses bad mouthing our entire party, mainly the birthday girl, and were very upset with how they were talking about us with us right there. We addressed the situation to the same manager who was helping us and she apologized and said everyone was on edge because the owner was in that night. Really? I'd hate to see service on a night he wasn't there! About 830 we finally sat down at 2 different booths against what we wanted, but it was late and we were all hungry. You would think that with the problems this far service would be top notch, WRONG! We waited another 10-15 mins before our waitress even came to see what we wanted to drink, then took forever to receive waters, and a bucket of beer. We were right next to the bar, we would have had faster service walking up to the bar individually. We were promised free guacamole for our troubles with the RSVP but that too seemed like it would never come out. Our other table had a little better service then we did from another waiter. Our other table received their food before ours was even ordered, we finally got our food around 915-930, few orders wrong and the birthday girls food was nowhere to be found. Another manager walked by and we had had it at this point. We addressed the food and drink issues and how long we had been there, drinks and correct food came out very quickly after that. But before that our waitress came over and yelled at one in our party who's food came out wrong. She said it was his fault and she asked him 4 different times what he wanted, well why in the hell did it come out wrong then?! The nerve of her to yell at a customer! The original manager came over towards the end of dinner and told the birthday girl she hoped her night got better, laughed at us and walked away. Rudest service hands down. We did get some of our bill comped, but by then it didn't matter, food was cold, served wrong or not served at all, and all by the rudest wait staff in Charlotte. We will never attend Cantina again and plan on making a complaint with the owner and telling all of our experience.