Let me start by saying that I rarely leave negative reviews for restaurants, let alone rate them 1 star, but I feel that I need to share my experience at Casa Don Juan.

I've visited Casa Don Juan several times. I usually order a margarita and chips and dip, because their food has never seemed too appetizing or authentic to begin with.  After my last visit, I will NEVER return, not even if I am thirsty. 

I ordered a fish ceviche tostada and was served FROZEN, actually, Frostbit, shredded tilapia on a tortilla shell.  As soon as I saw it, I questioned the waiter on what kind of fish they used for their ceviche as well as how they prepared it.  The waiter did not know, so I waited, and waited for an answer.  After thirty minutes with no response, I inspected it and confirmed the fish was frozen.  I then personally walked the dish to the kitchen and questioned the cooks as to what I was being served.  They confirmed it was frozen fish with lime juice, but that they'd be happy to make me another one. Seriously? They offered a shrimp ceviche, to which I replied "Is the shrimp frozen too?", sort of jokingly.  They didn't lie and said that too was frozen shrimp with lime juice. But that they could go back and check that the shrimp was defrosted all the way!  "NO, Thanks!"   

This is definitely not authentic ceviche, which they should disclose, but that is not even what I am complaining about. These were not even chunks of fish, it was the scraps of frozen bits you find at a bottom of a bag of frozen fish.  Why would you serve that to your customers?  If you are out of something on the menu, your customers prefer you tell them you're all out and not being served scraps of frozen bits of fish.  Or maybe it always looks this way.  Is making $8 dollars on the sale worth it?

Needless to say, I highly recommend you DO NOT order ceviche, fish or shrimp, at Casa Don Juan.   I haven't had much else there, like I said before but this is one of those things that is unforgivable when it comes to food.  If I could rate zero stars, I would.

Also, I paid my bill 100%, because they still charged me for this food.  I was with my niece and nephew and they ordered burritos, and were charged and extra $1.50 for sour cream and another $1.50 for cheese, per burrito.  That's just ridiculous. The waiter said it would come out of his check if we did not pay for it when I started complaining, so I just paid for it as to not cause a scene.  What a joke!