I have eaten here one other time and would describe it as "meh". My first encounter took place about 6 months ago on a Wednesday during the lunch rush - high noon.  It was busy, but no big deal. As I got up to order though, the worker at the start of the line started yelling at me- like, YELLING at me "WHAT DO YOU WANT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????" It immediately gave a prison mess hall vibe. Not to mention that the 37 people in front of me were not even starting to move any closer to the register so chill, homie. I ordered a chicken burrito. $1 extra for grilled chicken, on a $8 burrito... Somebody should tell these guys that it costs more to braise something for 3 hours than it does to grill it for 10 minutes. Throw some thighs on the grill and hit it with a little lime juice and salt and call it a day,  but dont charge extra for chicken- CHICKEN. He threw some rice, beans, and shredded chicken in a tortilla, and went for the sauce ladle in an attempt to slather everything in sauce and cheese. Enchilada-style is another up sell I am not interested in, and he seemed put off at my refusal. Then he sent it through a conveyor belt toaster oven exactly like a Quiznos sandwich. When it came out the other end I had to wait a good 9 minutes to seal the deal because there were so many other people's food in front of mine. It seems like you would want to put all the ingredients in a burrito before you roll it, but not Cafe Rio. They prefer to unroll and reroll after toasting it. Finally, some girl grabbed my cold-toasted-shredded-chicken burrito and asked if I want anything else in it. I was over it and said no to put myself out of my misery, and paid $12 for a chicken, rice, and bean burrito, with a small fountain drink. There was no trace of salt present in any one of the 4 ingredients, and it fell apart the second I picked it up. You would think that if someone does nothing but roll burritos day-in and day-out, and yells at people about their burritos, that guy can probably roll a pretty goddam good burrito. He totally didnt.
I came by to give them another chance tonight. It was 9:30 pm and they close at 11. The guy that previously yelled at me and gave me a shitty burrito wrap was eating at one of the tables toward the front, and another young guy was at first base on the line stuffing tortillas. I was looking to go big so I ordered a GRILLED chicken burrito and a taco  to boot. His response: "We don't have any more grilled chicken." They didn't run out of chicken- they decided not to grill any more chicken. I know this because when I asked for clarification he pointed to the two cooks in the back, threw them under the bus and told me they weren't making any more. 
I would have overlooked my first experience but this is dumb. I'm sitting here now eating my delicious Teriyaki Madness because they are friendly and competent, and the cooks don't decide to stop working an hour-and-a-half before the posted closing time.  Bravo, Cafe Rio