Atrocious. I mean, really atrocious. Now, I almost went with 2 stars because all of their servers were super friendly and attentive, but that could not remedy the offensive meal that they served me today. 

The patio is very charming and I like how close all the tables are and it felt very charming, so I really didn't mind when they seated me at a dirty table and left me there unattended for about 5 minutes. After clearing it off I waited a few more minutes before having a menu presented...honestly I am not going to complain about the wait though because I was alone and waiting in a restaurant is more palatable when you are with someone else. 

So anyway I wasn't super duper hungry but the veggie burrito cost almost as much as the enchiladas del mar, and i haven't had seafood in a while so i thought, "well, okay $9.25 enchiladas here I come." supposedly the meal was 3 enchiladas with crab and shrimp, rice and beans...and it included 2 sopapillas for dessert, which i don't like and didn't want, but you don't pay less for not having them, and they brought them anyway.

I had scoped out two guys across the way with really huge plates full of food, and thought at least if i was getting all that food i could take some home. That's why i was surprised when my plate was set down in front of me. I had three tiny cheese enchiladas that were not stuffed with crab and shrimp, but were topped with a few of those freaky teeny tiny shrimp and FAKE CRAB. those horrible whitefish composite crab legs that taste equally of tuna, eggs and white bread. I was stunned. Frank and Lupe's should be ASHAMED of themselves for serving this to paying customers for nine dollars. 

How about the rest of the dish? Well, there was about 1 tablespoon of crusty rice (how rice can get crusty i don't even want to know) and an equal amount of beans that had no taste. not even bean taste. To add insult to injury the whole meal was swimming. a 1/4 in lake of oil-speckled water coated the bottom of the plate and i really can't even imagine why. 

None of the food was hot and only when the "seafood" was pushed off my enchiladas was i able to choke them down. I know i should have sent this back and walk out. I know it. but I was so embarrassed, i could not believe that this was a meal I would end up paying $12 dollars for (including tip) and I just wanted to cry, scream, but mostly, get the hell out of there. 

What a travesty to the name of Mexican food.