I loooooooove me some nachos, so I was all on board for this dinner out. I was sorely disappointed by the time we were all done. We were seated quickly, which was great, but then no one asked us if we wanted drinks or a kid's menu for our little one. So we sat for awhile patiently and then a server came over and we asked to please bring those things over for us. We ordered our appetizer (queso dip - by recommendation from a friend who had been a patron at a different location). The server asked if we wanted salsa with it and I said that I did. When we received it, no salsa was with it and the queso was pretty lackluster. It was a very pale yellow color and it paled in taste as well. It was just sort of bland, like I've had better grocery store queso. From a place called Nacho Daddy, we expected more/better.

We ordered from the kid's menu for our son (macaroni and cheese) and asked for it to be brought out before our food (parents out there know why). They brought it out and my husband couldn't even cut through the noodle, it was so hard and so chewy. We had to send it back because it wasn't edible. The server came back and said the manager apologizes and that he agreed it was hard and they will make us a new one. They fixed it and brought it back and it was clearly much better, so I don't know what happened the first time.

Then the nachos that i ordered came (filet mignon nachos) and I was fully expecting a nacho place to get it right. Wrong. The nachos weren't at all layered, so once you pull off 1 or 2 chips that are loaded with the toppings, everything underneath is just chip. You'd think they'd know better!

I ended up not eating much more than 10 chips fully loaded before I was all done. We saw the s'mores dessert on the Yelp check-in that I did while I was there and we thought it looked amazing and wanted to give it a try. Let me just tell you...it was really good, but it's huge. I recommend 4 ppl sharing that bad boy. Seriously though, best part of the whole dinner right there. Only problem was it was so big and that sort of dish isn't edible later, so we had to leave a big portion untouched.

My husband got a sandwich and he said it was great. So maybe they should change their name or their business model. Nacho Jr. would be better due to the clear miseducation on nacho best practices!

When all was said and done, we left with a $75.00 bill (yikes!) and they STILL charged us $1 for a side of ranch even though they had a lot of missteps themselves (including not ever mentioning that a side of ranch was $1...first we learned was when we saw the bill). 

Won't be back unless it's new management/chef. Really disappointing experience overall.