I'm noticing a lot of reviews that praise the drinks and frown on the food but still give the restaurant three stars. What is this, church? There is no forgiveness on Yelp!

Service
I have to start with the service which was abominable. My server spent most of my stay in the back polishing silverware, how do I know this? Well my table was facing a small window into the kitchen that allowed me see her location while she was not refilling my drink or attending to any of her tables. I was having trouble deciding between the monterey chicken and the chorizo chicken so I asked her to explain the differences and the her preference. Her answer, ::drum roll:: - 

Waitress: The chorizo chicken is spicier. 
Me: They are exactly the same except the chorizo chicken is spicier
Waitress: Well they come with different things
Me: Alright, how about this. Which one do you prefer?
Waitress: The Monterey Chicken

The Food
The Monterey Chicken sucked!! Unless you have a sodium deficiency do not touch this dish. The chicken itself  was good it was the sauce, the inedible beans, horrifically over salted enchilada and old corn cake that was the problem. Imagine having four different items on the plate and knowing that every bite you take with force you to cringe and put your fork down. This is Gardunos food!!!

Dessert was next!! Taco anyone? Ever have a choco-taco at the grocery store? Phenomenal little desserts those are. When I saw a dessert taco covered in chocolate and filled with strawberry ice cream I said lets DO IT!!!!! Well I have to cut through the rock hard pastry taco shell with a teaspoon like some kind of inmate. It tasted like it had been in the freezer for weeks. The ice cream had an awful flavor, indescribable really. Poorly presented dollops of whipped cream all around completed the dish making this meal an utter failure.

Whats funny about this is that my meal was free because I'm a gambler, I still won't come back even for a free meal. I rather pay a lot for a great meal or $15 at the cafe for a decent meal.