WOW! THIS is the experience that marks my return to Yelp!  I watched a special on the food network where they selected a new chef for the Border Grill restaurant in Downtown LA.  So while staying at THEHotel (part of Mandalay Bay), I was pleasantly surprised to see the restaurant had a location right here at my hotel (by the Shark reef and overlooking "the beach").
Three wonderful people greeted us and the host stand and quickly sat us at what looked like a prime spot in the patio right by a heated lamp overlooking the city.  
A handsome young and very tall guy came with chips and salsa and asked if we wanted some fresh guacamole. YES PLEASE!
Our server (not as tall or handsome as our chip deliverer) came by 20 or so minutes later and without much fanfare took our order.  Friend and I both got the $42 special which comes with a preselected appetizer sampler, 1 entree of our choosing and 1 dessert.  For what I thought was going to be high-end that sounded reasonable.  I ordered a spicy sangria as well (based on the servers recommendation).  After we ordered, I asked our waiter for more chips (gimme a break - it's a Mexican restaurant for gods sake and I'm in Vegas so i can have more than one cheat day) and I reminded him that our guacamole (our $10 guacamole, mind you) never came.  He apologized and said he'd get that right out.
Got my Spicy Sangria, it wasn't bad.  My friend said it tasted like cough medicine.  Once he said that, it was over.  I could do nothing but taste cough medicine. ICK!
After 20 minutes passed, our food came out by a runner.  I told the runner that I really needed the chips at this point AND the guacamole.  I wasn't playing around anymore.
Another runner brought out more chips.  Where's our waiter??  We'd seen so many others at this point that I couldn't even remember what our waiter looked like to begin with.  He finally showed up.  I told him to cancel the guacamole that never came....which in restaurant language should mean, "bring the goddamn effing guacamole but you better make sure you don't charge for it so you can still get your 20% tip and make up for the sh***y service so far.
He sort of apologized but really couldn't care less.
The appetizer sampler consisted of 3 items on a plate (sorry I don't know what any are called) and was fairly good.
My dish, Kobe beef tacos, consisted of three mini soft tacos with dry lukewarm pieces of Kobe. PASS! 
My friend got the chicken dish which wasn't so bad and, unlike mine, didn't look like a tapa or appetizer plate.
For dessert, when our waiter finally reappeared (I swear to god I have never had such terrible service, not even at my local Marie Calendars) I ordered the Tres Leches which was DIVINE!  I don't even have much of a sweet tooth and I almost devoured that thing.  It was just the right amount of sweetness.  No extreme flavors and the texture of cake was just perfection.
My friend got the flourless choco cake which he enjoyed.  I thought the chocolate was just to overbearing.
Anyway, the bill came out and we were charged for both 3 course specials and the sangria BUT as our waiter put down our check, he did apologize again for the guacamole.......could he get anymore sincere.  He could've made up for it by bringing us a free item, a discount OR by actually starting to be more attentive to us and giving us better service.  He does none of that but as soon as its time to write down his tip, he blurts out an apology. So uncomfortable.  Anyway, I kept the receipt and I'm mailing a copy directly to Susan Feniger, who, based on that food network show, doesn't look like she would put up with any of that in one of her restaurants.