Terrible, terrible, terrible.  My girlfriend and I drive by this place daily, and  given that we recently moved into the neighborhood, we have been in search of quality restaurants near us.  Unfortunately, this is not one of them.  Sylvia's has a really nice patio with a fountain, and the descriptions, names, and pictures of the food look incredible.  

Trust me, this is a case of looks that are deceiving.

So let's start with drinks.  Or shall we?  The place was absolutely dead on a Saturday afternoon, but it took 15 minutes for our server to arrive, and it took an additional 20 minutes for me to get my Bloody Mary.  The Margarita came out 5 minutes later.  They were both underwhelming.  How do you mess up a Margarita at a Mexican restaurant?

On to the chips and salsa.  This would be a minor for most people, but chips and salsa are my favorite part of going out for Mexican food.  I ate about 4 of the chips only because I was starving.  I haven't bought tortilla chips from the grocery store even close to as bad as at Sylvia's.  They were cold and stale and set next to a bowl of "salsa" that was extremely clumpy.  By far the most difficult salsa I've ever seen.  I didn't even sample it, because it looked hideous.

Our appetizers and lunch were upsetting.  They were not only obviously microwaved-they were microwaved badly.  The Queso Dip sounded appetizing, but it was actually stronger than Sylvia's cold, disgusting, chips of steel.  Every time I attempted to dip one of the mighty chips into the queso, it snapped.  

I ate a few bites of my chimichanga, and decided against continuing.  Same with the rice and beans.  The common theme here is the inept use of the microwave with everything.  I put my napkin over the food, asked for our bill, and got the hell out.

Sylvia, we spent $60 at your restaurant hoping to taste authentic Mexican food that came at least somewhat close to the inviting, exquisite ambiance of your patio.  Had the food been even mediocre, we would have been repeat customers.  Needless to say, we will not be returning.