We were debating between coming here or going to our old favorite: Moreno's just down the street. Since we found Moreno's by ditching this place a year ago, we decided to try this place out for dinner just to see if we were missing anything. The end result was no, we weren't missing anything by skipping out on this place for so long. The outside looks really outdated and run down but sometimes you can't judge places by how they look on the outside.

The inside was pretty clean but also looked like a flashback to the 90's. There was no one in there when we went so we got to order right away, although there was no greeting and the cashier had a serious attitude problem. I was intrigued to see that they offer Indian fry bread but I went ahead and ordered the cheese enchiladas with a chile relleno, and my partner ordered the mini chimi's. 

We waited not too long and the cashier clomped out with our food and left it in a huff on our table. If you eat there, the meals come in to go styrofoam containers and I began to wonder where the silverware was. When I opened up the container I saw that the forks were on top of the food inside, can you say gross? I don't like it when the top of my straw has been touched by the waiter. It reminded me of going to a buffet and finding the spoon has been dropped into the food.

Prices were low but they charged $1.50 for a side of guacamole and extra for sour cream for a dish (chimichangas) that should already come with it. Not a huge helping, one of those small condiment to go containers. The guac had more onions than avocados and the mini chimi's never specified what kind of meat was inside, so they were filled with some mystery mixture that appeared to be mostly beans with essence of beef. The taco meat appeared to be dry but on the plus side the rice was moist and I could smell the tomato sauce. 

The chile relleno I ordered was spongy at best and the enchiladas were forgettable in flavor. The beans were very greasy but hey this isn't health food right? 

I can't blame those Chandler High student for getting addicted to this place, teenagers don't know any better. Telling people the only way to get authentic Mexican food is to travel to Mexico or to get real ethnic food is to travel to that prospective country does not make any sense. You would have to tell all of the ethnic home cooks including my parents that in order to make "real" food they have to go back to their countries and cook it there. People who come from other countries if they do it right, are perfectly able to replicate the same meals in America. Restaurants can be authentic if they tried. 

So while I wait for my dad to return from Cuba and Panama, and my mom to return from Spain with my meal, I will just say this place is not worth it. I recommend Moreno's if you are restricted to this area only or La Tolteca in Phoenix if you can travel.