I am usually a huge fan of Casa Don Juan.  My husband and I go there often for dinner and have always enjoyed it. It is close to my work and co-workers and I go there regularly, but yesterday my experience was disappointing.  I had a Groupon and went there with a couple co-workers. I ordered a Vegetarian Burrito.  I have ordered this burrito many times and have always enjoyed it.  To make it a little more substantial, I asked if I could add chicken to the burrito. The server said that it would be an extra charge, which I completely understood.  The burrito already has rice, beans, cheese, lettuce, guacamole, sour cream, and pico, so of course charging for chicken is understandable. When we received the bill, they had charged $7.99 for chicken! That is more than the burrito itself (Vegetarian Burrito is $5.99)!  Another co-worker of mine ordered a chicken burrito wet, and it was $7.99.  She wanted sour cream so they charged extra for it.  That is understandable, but charging $5.99 for the vegetarian burrito and then $7.99 for chicken to be added is ridiculous!  I asked the server what the $7.99 was for and she told me it was for the chicken, and "I told you that would be an extra charge."  I told her I understand that, but $7.99 on top of the $5.99 for the burrito was not reasonable. I then asked to speak to a manager.  The manager came over and I explained the situation to him.  He responded, "She told you there would be an extra charge for the chicken." I told him I understood that, but $7.99 seems a little unreasonable and if you are going to charge that much you should tell your customers because I am sure no one would pay that.  You could order a whole other burrito for that price! He said that it was rude to tell people the price because it appears that you are implying that they can't afford the $7.99. I told him it was rude and dishonest to NOT tell your customers you were charging them $7.99 for a piece of chicken. He finally stated that he couldn't do anything, that they charged what the owner makes them charge, and "it is what it is."  I was so appalled by their attitudes and lack of customer service. They didn't even try to fix the situation.  Like I said, I do not work far from there, and many of my co-workers go there because we enjoy the food and usually good customer service, but this was unacceptable.  I have told other co-workers and friends about our experience yesterday and they couldn't believe it.  They all thought it was unreasonable and dishonest and were very disappointed. I don't want to say that we will never go back, but it definitely left a bad taste in our mouths and we won't be back anytime soon.