Biggest disapointment of the year.  

Living at the Ogden in downtown Las Vegas, we excitedly waited for the opening of this new and much anticpated Mexican restauarnt. 

First of all, let me say that I liked the ambience of the place, it feels like some sort of fun beach side Mexcian restaurant.  To be fair I arrived hoping  for a Pink Taco type menu and experience, boy I could have not been more disapointed. 

Where do you start - When you walk in, unless you get one of the outer booths, you are seated in the most unconfortable restaurant chairs ever made. That has to be the first thing they do, replace them.  

I wish I could say things get better, but as uncnfortable as the seating is, the food is even  worse. 

We were there on Sunday, and orddered from there Sunday Brunch menu, The Chicken Enchilida, was dry chicken, covered in some sort of sweet almost
chocolate suace, which I can only describe as ineatable.

The fish tacos, were eatable, but that is about all I can say about them. if I were to compare them with Pink Taco's fish tacos, I would rank Pinks a 10, and La Comidi about a 5. 

We also ordered a caso type cheese dish, that tasted like something out of a cheep 
Mexican Food frozen dinner that had been left in the microwave to long. Again, absoultley uneatable. 

Also, when I go to a Mexican reatuarant, the food can be so-so if they frozen Margarettas are great.  The problem is La Comidi is too upscale to serve frozen Margaretta/s only the shaken vairty. Served in a Mason Jar, they were good, but at $15 bucks a piece, made me wonder if I was at the Wynn restaurant or ar the coner of 6th and Freemont.

Within 20 mins I was out the door  $72.00 plus tip lighter.  Only a foodie snob who valued hipness an coolness over the food could say that this restuarant is on the right track. They need a whole lot of work.  Hope they get it fixed!

Oh wait before I go, let me finish on a positive note, two wonderful young ladies were walking abund handing out beads to celebrate Cinco De Mayo. The beads were really nice.