I can't believe I failed to write my review so long ago! The memories still leave me shuddering... bleh.

This place suuuucks. Food, service, prices, everything! The colorful, "chaotic" decor was what brought my friends, husband and I in on one not-yet-drunken afternoon for lack of more variety of places to eat in our hotel, and we were starving.

I immediately Yelped and was pretty terrified to eat here. I mean really, I think a restaurant actually has to work at it to get so many incredibly low ratings. Once seated we ordered one of those massive margaritas which my girlfriends shared (such a waste of money; the cup is shaped like a fatty goblet but is really hollowed out like a wine flute inside.. bye bye $$$). 

I ordered what seemed to be the safest thing on the menu - a cheese quesadilla with guacamole ($11.90 + 2.00 for guac... this thing better be gourmet!). I can't remember what everyone else ordered but they all seemed to shoot for "safer" options as well. My top-dollar quesadilla, which was really just a couple flour tortillas with melted shredded cheese in between, arrived with no guac. I tried to flag our waitress down but she completely ignored us after our food was delivered.

Then we tried to flag her down again for another round of waters. Ignore, ignore, ignore - we got the attention of a busboy who said he'd tell her but she still never came. 

Then they turned on that hokey cha cha slide song and tried to get everyone up, servers and patrons, to dance. Our waitress amazingly reappeared to try and drag me to dance and I kindly refused and asked, "can I just get a water please??" She ignored me and went to dance. I honestly could not believe her!

In the end we never got waters, I never got guac (and she attempted to charge me for it), and our waitress "split the bill" between me and my friends but charged some of their expensive margarita onto mine. When I pointed out the error she said I was wrong, and the bill was just fine. I was done fighting with her so we paid and left NO tip. I can count less than five times in my life I've done that but in this case it was well-deserved. We will NEVER go back