We went to Calico Jack's after a ball game on a Sunday night.  I was unimpressed with the service and disgusted by the management (I'll explain in a minute).  

First of all, they put us at a table next to stairs that the wait staff used constantly.  Every time a waitress wanted to walk by, my husband had to scoot his chair in so that he was litterally pressed up to the table.  Our $9.00 patron shots were delivered, but without the limes we requested.  We asked our waitress 3 times before she finally remembered some limes.  At one point, I actually had to go to the bar to get a drink because our waitress was nowhere to be found.  

I ordered 2 drinks at the bar and asked the bartender to close the tab on my debit card.  We waited for a few minutes before the bartended finally walked by again.  He looked at me confused, and I reminded him that I wanted my tab closed.  He went back and retrieved my card.  I still left a good tip on my balance, and we had our drink and left.

A few days later, I noticed I'd been double charged on my debit card: once for the amount of the drinks and once for the amount of the drinks plus the tip.  The charges were hard posted (not going to fall off like they sometimes do), so I called Calico Jack's and left a message for the manager.  When he didn't return my call, I called back and asked to speak to him in person.  I explained the situation and said he'd "look into it."  Wow, was he annoyed... no apology, nothing.  After not hearing from him for 5 days, I was about to file a fraud claim through my bank.  I checked my account first and noticed the $18.00 had been refunded, so I didn't have to.  

It's disgusting cusotmer service-especially from a manager, in my opinion, that he didn't call to apologize or even to tell me that he'd processed the credit.  

I was unimpressed from the beginning, but this interaction with the manager of all people showed me that the only thing Calico Jack's cares about is the bottom line... they could care less about the customers they serve.  Booo.