We had some pretty high hopes for Diego Pops considering all of the positive reviews!

It failed in every area except location and decor.

Food:
With all of the amazing Mexican food in the Phoenix area (and we tried a ton), this was without a doubt the worst and most un-authentic tasting we have had, and we're from Canada!
If I was a mexican chef or patron, I would be seriously offended by eating this.   The most bland, pedestrian, flavourless mexican food in Phoenix, hands down.  The guacamole came out cold and without flavour.  Have you ever shopped at costco? this was their guac.  I can only imagine the "chef" scooping this out of large container in the fridge.  The cheese quesadilla was luke warm cardboard, and we couldn't eat it.  The queso corn dip was so bland and soupy, it was pretty much a corn chowder.  how hard is it to grill corn and then cut it off into some queso?  Apparently impossible at Diego Pops, but not every other restaurant we ate at and tried this dish.  The tacos were really boring, and the jalapeños weren't even cut through and spread out in the tacos, lazy lazy chef skills there, just a chunk of pepper.  Seriously though, are the chefs shopping for ingredients at costco?  a few hours from mexico, in a high end area, and this place gets all these good reviews and is still able to pay the rent?  wow.

The drinks: 
if you still decide to go here and waste your money, order beer.  the sangria was without a doubt the worst we have had anywhere in the world (and that includes the cheapest Spanish bar you could walk into).  We didn't drink them and sent them back.  Had the bartender ever tasted Sangria?  Hold on, what bartender! It was actually our inattentive server (more on that later) doing the mixing.  Seriously, I would be embarrassed to charge anything for this Sangria.  Have the owners ever eaten at a Mexican restaurant before?  I ordered a beer, and it was the only redeeming part of the meal.

The service:
Worst in Phoenix, hands down.  Inattentive young girls with too much makeup who are clearly much too interstesed in gossiping with each other than doing their jobs.  Our server forgot quite a few items we ordered (which worked out better in the end).  Took away almost full plates of food and almost full drinks and didn't ask if we liked them or not.  They were devoid of personality, and looked equally at home serving drinks at a bar by the airport.  If you've ever been to the Cactus club in Canada, this was the arizona equivalent.  

I would recommend the owners actually eating elsewhere in the Phoenix to get some perspective on just how bad everything is.  Barrio Cafe or Tranquilo would be a good start.  Fresh, local, innovative, and authentic.  its really not that hard.

If you're visiting or a local, skip this place.  The reviews are deceiving.