Can I give this place a negative star? The only good thing was the flour chips and Dyllan, the server.  We have been eating here for at least 2 yrs and have been mostly happy with the food and service.  The last time we went we were treated rudely by one of the managers when we asked about how the groupon works.  After that, it took a while for us to go back.  Well, unfortunately we went back tonight. First the table was dirty, then I ordered the anejo shrimp dinner.  When I was served the dinner, it was missing the tortillas. No big deal, Dyllan brought some over.  Then I took a bite of the shrimp.  I looked at the next bite and realized it wasn't de-veined. So I took my fork and started de-veining the piece.  I picked up the next one.  It wasn't de-veined either and had a couple of legs still attached. Dyllan stopped by to check on us and I showed him the shrimp.  He said they should be de-veined and went to get the owner.  Well, the owner wasn't interested in coming over to the table, but Dyllan said they would take it off the bill and make a new plate.  The owner then went back to the kitchen to make sure it was right. It is the owners signature dish!  The next set of shrimp were almost de-veined.  It was good enough for me.  The owner walked by our table no less than 10 times, but never once stopped by to say anything to us.  No, "sorry for that" or "how are the new shrimp" or "is there anything we can do?" Why walk by a customer who is dissatisfied and not stop.  So Dyllan brought the bill.  It still had the shrimp dinner on it. I asked my husband, " Didn't Dyllan say they were taking it off the bill?" Yes!  Dyllan came by and I asked him about the bill.  He said, "The owner changed his mind".  What???   So Dyllan apologized again for the owner and went to speak with him and have him come to the table.  The owner ran out the front door and went through the bar door so he wouldn't have to speak with us.  REALLY??  Did he think we were blind and couldn't see him?  A 30 second "hello folks, sorry about the shrimp and the bill, I hope the rest of the dinner was good and hope to see you again soon!" would have satisfied us.  NOT running out the door.  Terry, you should be ashamed of yourself.  According to another staff member,  the restaurant is going through a lot of staff.  They are trying to open the new place in DC Ranch?  Good luck Terry. If you treat your customers over there as badly as you treat regular customers, you will be closed before you can even open.  Terry, you made a pretty decent restaurant into an awful experience.