I came to this place years ago and it was a great experience. Last night was a practice in patients as my girlfriend and I tried and failed to get a drink in the late afternoon and then made the poor choice of sitting through a 'Diablo Dining Experience'.

The first portion of this review will address our experience in the bar area. It was about 3 p.m. and a guy outside was giving away buy 1 get 1 for $3 drink cards. It wasn't the best deal on the strip, but after all the walking, we thought we would stop in. We walked up to the counter and waited. The bartender almost seemed to ignore us, and the place was not busy. We waited 5 minutes for the bartender to finally turn around, and she proceeds to tell us to wait on the other side of the bar. We left. 

Later that night, we were near the Monte Carlo again, and thought we would grab a late dinner. It was about 9:00 pm on a Monday night in Las Vegas, so not very busy. We were seated immediately. 10 minutes later we were finally greeted by the server, who seemed to be aware very aware of how late he was. He apologized and took our order. Somebody else dropped off our drinks and then the food came out in a decent amount of time. We ordered a handful of appetizers to share (no special requests). 

After the food was delivered (in about 10 minutes - not bad), we sat there for 20 minutes before we finally flagged somebody down to find our waiter. Our waiter came by about 10 minutes later and asked if we needed anything. 

To be honest, we initially wanted more drinks, but we started getting worried we wouldn't get out until midnight or something. It was crazy. 

To end our evening, we asked for the check and a box so we could get out while we had a chance. He brought us our check and disappeared again. We waited about 10 minutes. I finally got up and brought the check to the bartender to pay for it. I sadly still gave him a tip. 

I used to work as a server, and no manager would be okay with this sort of shoddy service. I believe in my heart of hearts, the only way to improve the service at these places in vegas is to stop blindly tipping them. I know that seems brutal, but there should be SOME standards for service, whether you work in a small mom & pop diner in the middle of nowhere or in a Mexican restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip. There were other restaurants on the strip that had poor service, but this one takes the cake. 

If this sort of service represents the owner or manager's vision, I see this establishment being replaced by a chain like Olive Garden or TGI Friday's in 5 years or less. 

PROS:
- Theme decorations were nice. ¡Muy Authentico!

CONS:
- Slow/Non-existant Service
- Appetizers we ordered were average (at best)

NOTICE: If you are an investor that is looking to buy/turn-around a mexican restaurant on the strip, you may be able to find a good deal near the Monte Carlo Hotel soon.