You know how when you go to a gas station and pay using a credit/debit card before pumping gas? And you know how the gas station "pre-charges" you for a certain amount to guarantee you can actually pay for those 21 gallons of gas your gas-hog vehicle guzzles up? You know how those "pre-charges" are immediately returned to your account once you complete your gas purchase? Well, China Poblano treats its customers' like gas pumpers at the good ol' Gas 'n' Goods.

Hold on. Let me back up and write a review for the actual dining experience before I get into the real reason for my 1-star review.

My actual dining rating is probably closer to a 3-star in terms of food taste and ambiance. I had eaten at China Poblano before, while on a date. The food was good and the drinks were well made. I didn't care at the time what the prices were because my date insisted I get whatever I wanted. So the overpriced menu wasn't an issue until my return visit with friends. 

During my return visit I chose items a little more conservatively. Only one cocktail, some guacamole and some duck something-or-other. My total bill including the automatic tip of 20% (for parties of 6+) was only $39. Not bad at all really, even though I realized I should have just ordered twice as much guacamole and skipped the duck-whatever. I LOVE duck and always order it when it makes it onto a menu. This wasn't watery-mouth duck. It was over-cooked, barely-recognizable duck. The food isn't so amazing that I would suggest it for large groups in which only one person pays. It is more of a cute place for a date or a place for a group of friends who are paying separately. It isn't even really a fusion restaurant, per se, so if you are craving Mexican or Chinese you should probably just go to the restaurant you crave.

A fusion restaurant usually makes it a point to FUSE two types of cuisine into one dish. This restaurant merely offers items from two different cuisines in separate sections.

Anyway, the restaurant is cute. The decor is different. The only chairs that have backs to them are the booths. The servers are lazy. Oh wait, what's that? Lazy servers at an overrated restaurant that serves undersized and overpriced food? No way!

Now for a better explanation of why this restaurant went from a 4-star on my first visit to a 1-star on my second/third visit:

After my friends and I ate our meal and paid for the meals individually with our debit/credit cards, we spent the rest of the night enjoying some Mario Kart in the room and some hot-tub lounging because well, we were staying in Vegas a full week and this was already night #5. It seemed like a great night all around.

Then when we woke in the morning, one of my friends decided to check his account charges on his phone app. He panicked when he saw that China Poblano had charged an extra 30%. He too had paid $39 including tip and suddenly had a $51.70 charge. Granted, that wasn't an insane amount of money. Only $11.70. However, when you consider that the total bill for the table was over $200, that 30% upcharge now looks more like a hefty $60+ charge spread out over all of our accounts. We all checked our accounts and since we have all been servers in restaurants before and realize that sometimes shady/desperate servers like to add-on a little extra tip and hope that no one notices, we stormed over to China Poblano determined to fix the issue and get our money back into our accounts. We at least wanted a genuine apology.

When we arrived at the restaurant and asked to speak to a manager about the extra charge, the hostess stated "Oh, yeah we get this all the time." Ummmmm, what? You get this complaint all the time?

Well, the manager explained to us that the [cheap ass] credit card processing company they use temporarily charges an extra 20-30% for transactions to guarantee that the funds are available. JUST LIKE A GAS STATION. The only difference is, at a gas station you are pre-paying for something in which the final price is unbeknownst to you until you are done pumping. At a restaurant (especially when the tip is included in the bill) you know exactly how much you are paying right then and there when you sign the receipt. The server then enters it into the computer and there is no more need for any extra charges. 

We tried to explain to her that this is the ONLY restaurant that we have ever encountered that has such ridiculous practices. Not only do they give their customers a small panic attack when they check their account balances (imagine if you were someone who went to a special dinner and reluctantly threw down $500 for a nice dinner out with your family and when you look at your account there is a charge for $650 instead) BUT ON TOP OF THAT they don't seem to think it is a big deal or let customers know of this extra temporary charge ahead of time. On top of all that, the manager was very condescending, smug and without an apologetic bone in her body.