Incidents of poor service are almost always simply an individual disgruntled employee, but I still believe they deserve to be called out.

During a long flight delay, a few buddies & I went for some (rather tasty) Margaritas at the Tequileria. As we were ordering, our server, who for the purposes of this review will be known simply as "Mr. Chips", informed us that the margaritas we were ordering had "1800 premium tequila and Grand Mariner, because that's all we have". Slightly confused, we ordered said $13 margaritas and then asked if we could have a side of chips & salsa. Mr. Chips' response: "No, sorry, all we have on the menu are nachos, do you want nachos?" When we told him that nachos were too much food and that we just wanted a little thing of chips he said "sorry, can't do that, so you want the nachos?" and we were forced to call after him (he immediately started walking away) and tell him specifically NOT to get us nachos. When pressed later about the chips (after we saw another customer get a little thing of chips & salsa with his meal), Mr. Chips said "nope, this is a union job, can't break the rules" and still refused to sell us some lousy chips & salsa.

We sat there incredulously drinking our margaritas until the ladies sitting next to us tried to do the exact same thing. We overheard them discussing how the nachos were too much and how they just wanted a small order of chips to go with their beer, and couldn't help but start laughing. They looked over at us shocked, and we explained how the same thing had happened to us! Turns out the chip stunt wasn't so funny to them, because it seems Mr. Chips had been berating them earlier for no apparent reason, calling their eye color ugly (brown like #&@#) and generally being antagonistic.

Unfortunately our flight left too soon for us to see the manager ("they couldn't find her") so we were unable to witness the denouement of the chips saga, but please please try and find somewhere in Terminal C to patronize that isn't the Tequileria!