Our Neighborhood use to have the best Mexican food spots - use to being the key words here. This lack of excellence is what lead us to Manuel's on bell. Unfortunately this is not a Glory Story for the Masses looking for Excellence as well in the Neighborhood- this is a tale of mediocre over salted food with a cast of Bartenders and servers who should be Replaced. 

First we are bar sitters :) we like to sit @the bar close to the beer!  I find that service is also faster @the bar in most places. Not that we are in a hurry - we love long fun dinners! We also love fun nice bartenders- that does not exist here. I have never been around such stiff rude bartenders in my life! Asking them to get you another drink even when the place is empty seems like a chore to them. When they are not staring daggers at the patrons they are standing in the back left corner of the bar restaurant area talking to servers and anyone but the customers.

Now the food is hit and miss. Somethings are great like the cheese crisp with green chilies or the happy hr rolled tacos- for the most part the rest of the menu is over-salted and lacks a fresh taste. This alone is disappointing due to that we are located in the heart of Mexican culture and food being in AZ so the food should reflect that- it shouldn't taste like a Mexican food restaurant in Idaho. Dumping tons of salt on food does not count as "great flavor" btw.

To be honest we went over what was worse the service or the food - we decided the service. The bartenders are just so rude. It is like they have been there so long that they just hate everything to do with the place yet stay! The older lady could possibly been the worst. She just came across angry. She also charged us for salsa after we bought chips to go - they usually come with salsa. That was a first. We tried this place numerous times hoping we just caught the bartenders on an off day - everyday there apparently is an off day. 

Overall don't go. There are so many other undiscovered gems out there - where they love there job and are happy to talk to patrons- grab em a drink - and take your money with a smile :) cheers!