I brought my family & friends for lunch on Saturday April 26, 2015. We have been here numerous times, so I was looking forward to having a good time with my family. Unfortunately, this time was the worst experience I have ever had at any restaurant. I will never set foot in this place because the manager lacks the skills she needs to run a restaurant or a business for that manner. 

Our waitress took our order for our drinks. She brought out  some of the drinks for the adults but forgot our kids drinks.  Another 15 minutes pass and she comes back and starts asking us, what would we like to drink? We were all confused because she already took our order. After another 20 minutes pass and we had to remind he that our kids didn't have their drinks. So she finally brings them & takes our order for our food. 

The waitress brought 2 orders of guacamole with chips. My friends started eating them because they had ordered place one order. When she realized they brought an extra order by mistake, she picked up from the table. She didn't bother to ask if we wanted to keep them. I thought that was really rude. 

My wife order a michelada at the bar. It tasted horrible so I asked the another waiter if they could make her another one. He said sure but the manager has to approve it. The manager came over & I asked me what was the problem. I told her, "my wife bought a drink and it's horrible can you have a differs bartender make it?" She got upset grabbed the glass and started to walk away. I then said " All I expect is good customer service." She turned around and tried to argue with me. She told me, "what you're not getting good customer service?" I respond, "honestly no. How am I getting good service when my kids can't even get a drink. I had to keep asking for my kids drinks. That's horrible don't you think?" She then told me, "do you want an appetizer?" I responded, "No, I want good customer service. That's all I expect." She left with my wife's drink and never brought her another one. My wife had to ask another bartender for a drink. 

About an hour after we ordered our food, we finally got our  food. My burrito was ok but for the price I paid I expect better. I had a steak burrito. My wife's fajitas were delicious. Unfortunately, she had to ask like three time for tortillas. My friend's sampler was cold. They didn't even eat it. The beans are horrible don't get them. 

There were two other couples that complained about the service. They walked out mad cussing out the manager too because she was being rude to them as well. 

The manager never came back to apologize to me or my family. The waitress gave us a discount of our bill. I paid my bill & tipped the lady even though I had bad service. I understand it must be hard for servers. I am more upset with the horrible manager. She is the one that needs training!!! Thanks to her I will never come back!!!!!!


Note: Margarito (bartender) makes really good micheladas.