HATED IT.  The husband got a one day Groupon offer for $25 for $50 and wanted to go there.  I thought, okay, I can hit ONE chain while in Vegas.  UGH!  What a hot mess.

The service was good, with the exception of trying to pay, my husband did not want to just hand over his mobile phone for them to get the Groupon code from so they made him go up to the cashier so that she could use HER mobile phone to scan it.  Other than him getting irritated over that and charging us for tortillas that should have come with the meal, I found the service attentive.  That was the end of the good for me.

I had a hard time deciding what to get so I finally just got a Mexican Platter which was a bunch of different things.  It came with steak (tasty, but tough), chicken enchiladas (not tasty, dry, and funky), a chimichanga (boring), some fried jalapenos stuffed with cheese (probably the best thing on the plate - hard to jack up deep fried pub grub), beans (my husband said they were great - I don't eat beans), and rice (yuck).  Plus sour cream, guacamole, and pico de gallo.  I felt like with the steak, it should have come with tortillas because usually that's how I eat Mexican steak, you kinda shove it all in a tortilla, so I asked for a tortilla and they brought me three small flour tortillas (barely warm) and charged an extra $2.50 to my $25 plate.  The husband ordered, as usual, buffalo chicken wings, served with ranch dressing, celery, and carrots, and he liked them, although I found them a disturbing color of neon red.

I had ordered a drink in a plastic palm tree.  Now that glass was an interesting shape!  YIKES!  But, I ordered something with rum and tropical fruit punch flavors, all frozen-y.  It was good and I think it was about 22 oz for $20.

The total bill came out to about $70.  AT A SENOR FROGS!  So overpriced for seriously low quality food.  They should be embarrassed.  It's true that my other experiences with Senor Frogs were all in Mexico where the food is good and prices reasonable and here we are in Vegas, but let me suggest you choose another option for your Mexican dining pleasure.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!