I was excited to have El Hefe open on Mill since it's closer to my house than the Scottsdale location and I love their margaritas.  I was extremely disappointed with the service, I didn't expect it to be fantastic but thought it would at least be decent. 

I gave this place 2 tries, my first visit was the 2nd week it was open.  My boyfriend and I sat at the bar near the front patio, we tried to order a few of the margaritas and the bartender told us she didn't have the ingredients to make those.  We asked what she could make us, she said 'pretty much just a regular margarita.'  The main bar is about 10 steps away, I was thinking she would at least either get ingredients from them to make the drinks, or have them make it and she would bring it over.  After going with the regular margaritas the bartender had the ingredients for, we finished and wanted to ordered a bottled beer.  The bartender explained she didn't have the beer we wanted at this bar.  I guess she didn't want to go get the bottles from the other bar or stock her bar properly so she could be prepared for customers.  We ended up closing the tab and leaving.  

The scottsdale location has a side bar as well kinda in the back, and that bar always seems to be stocked to make all the margaritas and more from the menu.  That being said, I was kinda shocked with the laziness of this bartender, especially since we were 2 of the 4 people at the bar.  

My 2nd visit was Valentines day 2014.  My boyfriend and I went to get a drink at El Hefe before dinner since the basketball game was on.  We went to the main bar this time and waited in plane view for about 10-15 minutes to be asked for our order.  As I was standing there, I noticed the bartenders were not taking anyones order from the bar, they were mainly paying attention to the tickets coming in from the restaurant.  I found this weird, especially since people at the bar were trying to order drinks but couldn't get the attention from the bartenders.  I got to order drinks and after they were made they were very good.  We finished the first drinks and my bf ordered another of the same drink, this time his drink tasted NOTHING like the previous one, it was kind of gross like it was missing a main ingredient.  After he paid for that drink, a few minutes later he noticed he didn't get his card back so he told the bartender.  The bartender asked for his last name as if he was going to look for the card and instead proceeded to go to the next customer and take a drink order ...I waited after he made the new customer their drink, to see if he would look for the card, he didn't he just proceeded to make more drinks.  We flagged down another bartender who made the awful drink to look behind the bar for the card, she did a real swift look and didn't come back to tell us if she found or didn't find the card. INSTEAD, she proceeded to take her purse and leave the bar,i guess to go on her break. WOW! We had planned to go to dinner afterwards and my bf was going to buy.  Turns out he couldn't buy or go to dinner if he didn't have his card.  So I went to the hostess this time, she took down all my information and i asked her to go look behind the bar.  I told her I know its there and we need to go to dinner but can't without my boyfriends card.  She seemed sincere and i watched her go up to the first bartender we tried to get help from.  They exchanged some words and he just continued making drinks for the tickets from the restaurant instead of even attempting to look for my bf's card.   

We ended up leaving and going home since we were getting no where with the El Hefe staff and didn't have card to pay for dinner.  (If I was aware this was going to happen I would have brought money so we could go to dinner, but I didn't plan for El Hefe's staff to be completely rude and incompetent of helping a customer).

The next morning my boyfriend calls El Hefe when they opened and asked if they had his card.  What do you know...they had his card and it was BEHIND THE BAR THE WHOLE TIME! Thank you to the El Hefe staff for not even bothering to look for my boyfriends card on Valentine's day.  Thank you for ruining Valentine's Day night that was supposed to be fun and simple.  Instead it was shocking and put us in a bad mood because the El hefe staff refused to help with such a SIMPLE task. 

I don't think there will be a 3rd visit.