Old Town Tortilla Factory's patio and outdoor ambiance is beautifully romantic. On a perfect Arizona evening in the spring or fall, it's an excellent spot to enjoy the comfortable climate. One star awarded. 

But if you do anything besides sit on the patio, you will be disappointed. Four stars deducted.   

Our server took our order after we had been seated for about 10-15 minutes. Then it was like she completely forgot that she had to actually bring us our margaritas and food. Total space cadet. We asked for things, like waters, that never came. 

Call me crazy, as most people do, but I was also highly irritated by the fact that the chips and salsa here are not complimentary. That's something I expect from a Mexican dining destination. For the top shelf pricing, they could at least throw in a measly chip and salsa bowl on the house. Yeah, their tortillas with cubes of butter are supposed to replace the chips and salsa...... but tortillas and butter? Methinks not. Methinks that I'd much rather have chips and salsa!

The food is mild to bland, yet it costs a pretty peso. I ordered the "El Tesoro Del Mar" - a salad (consisting of mostly iceberg lettuce ick), spicy honey chipotle dressing (waaaaay too sugary with too little spice), pico de gallo, corn, black beans, tortilla strips and large gulf shrimp (only 4 shrimp!! and they were hardly large, more like small to medium sized!!). This disappointment of a dish cost about $15. Overrated. I can honestly say I've had a much tastier shrimp salad at Baja Fresh, for half the price and double the shrimp nonetheless. 

I tired some of the enchiladas that Matt ordered, and they tasted forgettable at best. I've had better enchilada sauce from a store bought can. And then my mother, who was in town visiting for the weekend, ordered the grilled salmon. She was so unimpressed by the meal that she didn't even finish it... and she always finishes her food. It takes a lot of skill to mess up something like a grilled salmon. 

As far as their margaritas go, they are good but with the $8.50 to $11 price tag I'm just not convinced that they are worth it. I've had better margaritas at places with better menus. I can honestly say that after eating here once, I have ZERO desire to ever go back.