Food is great there and I have had wonderful experiences there- until this morning. My friends and I went here to eat after a late night out. Usually the food comes out quickly, however, on this particular morning it took quite a bit. One of the guys that came later and ordered after Us ended up Getting his food first. I gave the bartender a hard time about it thinking he must've forgotten the rest of our food order. Well, in all my years of working in hospitality and the service industry, I know how frustrating customers can be. Perhaps I was frustrating this morning, however, when the bartender told me to "shut the f**k up" (exact words he used) my desire to ever set foot in this restaurant disappeared. I was in shock. This caused a huge commotion among myself and my friend and we were asked to leave the establishment. As I left I happily gave him a piece of my mind. Hopefully no one ever experiences what I did. 



Have to give another poor rating to this restaurant. First of all, after being told to shut the f*** up by the drunk bartender on duty there one morning, I have yet to hear a peep out of the managers of this restaurant. But whatever, not too shocked about that. However, this bartender continues to talk about that night and lying about the facts of what happened. He continuously talks bad about my friend and I to whoever he thinks will listen. I'm sorry, but I don't know what kind of business owners are okay with having a person like that- classless and rude- to be employed and represent their brand the way he does. Keep on coming with the rude comments about CUSTOMERS, who got cussed at and thrown out because we were upset about our delay on our order. I happily returned the insults To him on my way out the door. In any case, the longer he tries to smear my name and my friends, the longer I will continue w the Yelp reviews. Hope he gets drunk at work again tonight!. Good service can make up for bad food, but good food CANNOT make up for bad service. 
Little update on this place