I'm sitting in the car, about to leave the parking lot and suddenly it hits me...

It had been quite awhile since I had been to Jalapeño Inferno and was ready to venture a little from home to get some spicy pseudo-Mexican American food, because I remembered it being so satisfying.
Apparently it has been for good reason I haven't made this trek in awhile. In short, I haven't missed anything. 

We started off with the guacamole...

Did you expect an awesome description? 
I expected guacamole. What I did get was a few avocados shoved into a blender with a tomato and slopped onto a plate. Really, Jalapeño? You sprinkle some cheese on it and bring it out to me with a chip in the middle? Apparently whoever was in the kitchen even gave up when they were attempting to taste it.

My girlfriend ordered the Texas Style Stacked Enchiladas and I, being the spicy food connoisseur I am, went with my past favorite Courtney's Special. The enchiladas? She hated them. Her family creates genuine authentic Mexican food on a daily basis, of course she had no problem dismantling the disaster that lay before her. "It looks like a confused stack of tostadas," I agreed. They were good for what they were, and sometimes it pays to think outside the box and I can appreciate that. In this case though, maybe start with an actual enchilada and work your way up from there. It can't be that hard and I'm sure if you asked, someone would gladly show you how to accomplish it. Next, the Courtney's Special, grilled chicken (which was very juicy, kudos) and black beans with a big helping of cilantro. It wasn't anything like what I remembered it being. To make it worse, it wasn't even that spicy. That sucks too, considering the only reason I come here is for that particular burrito. Oh well.

It seems to me that the owners are a little preoccupied with their newest establishment, hell, they even gave me a $5 gift card to their Rhythm & Wine Bistro when they carried my half ton check over and nonchalantly lowered it down onto the table. Minor exaggeration. 

The bill: $42 for the burrito, the enchiladas, avocado purée, a water and a tea.

Here's my tip: take it from the guys that know it best. This close to Mexico, and with as many authentic Mexican food places we have here in Phoenix, it shouldn't be that hard to do some homework and take a couple cues from the creators. Keep it simple, keep it cheap, keep it awesome.

Two stars for my waitress who, despite never refilling my tea in the hour and half we sat in the establishment, kept a bubbly attitude. That I appreciate.