This place's food is GOOD . . . REALLY GOOD.  There is nothing that I have ordered there that I have not liked.  It is also convenient for us as it's about 2 miles from our home.

HOWEVER, the service is NEVER GOOD.  I have eaten there with my husband 3 times.  The 1st time, we ate there kind of late.  We were among 3 or 4 tables of people left in the place.  The waitress seemed tired and didn't really seem to care that we were there.  She was far from friendly and the service was far from marvelous.  It took longer than I feel it should to get our food.

The second time we ate there, we sat in the bar area.  The bartender/server was eventually friendly this time, but only by the point we were about to leave.  In the beginning she didn't seem to care much and was just kind of blah.  I think maybe she warmed up because they got my order wrong.  I don't like refried beans so I asked if I could have a double rice portion instead of rice and beans.  When I ordered, the server said that was fine, but my plate came with beans and rice anyway.  She did offer to take the whole thing back and fix it, but I was so hungry, I just kept the plate.  Again, it takes quite a while to get your food whether they are busy or not.

The 3rd time we were there was last night (my husband, our baby, and a friend of mine).  They messed up my order AGAIN.  This time I had asked for tamales with no cheese over the top of them.  It came with cheese on the top.   This time, I was so frustrated, I didn't even bother to bring it up to the server and she didn't even notice it was wrong.  If she would have, with her attitude I doubt she would have genuinely cared anyway.  Again, it takes so long to get your food out at this restaurant when it's slow that I just sucked it up and ate it anyway as this was a Friday night and BUSY.  The server again was blah.  Not bad, but not friendly.

In conclusion, this restaurant could greatly improve its Yelp reviews if they would make an effort to make people feel appreciated and welcome.  The staff needs a lesson in customer service and they need to get a good flow of positive energy going.  

THEY ALSO NEED TO BE MORE CAREFUL ABOUT GETTING THEIR ORDERS CORRECT!!!  LIKE I SAID, I HAVE EATEN THERE 3 TIMES AND MY ORDER WAS WRONG TWICE.  To me, that is not acceptable.  I sincerely hope someone from management there reads this so that they can fix it because the atmosphere there as well as the food is good.  That's why I gave them 3 chances despite my past experiences.  Sorry, guys - 3 strikes - YOU'RE OUT!!!