I hate to be the Bad Guy. But, I have to tell it like it is.
We were out in North Scottsdale and turned to Yelp for some Ideas for Mexican Food.
Seeing 3 people that I know had visited this place and given them great reviews, we thought we would give it a try.
Located in the middle of a shopping center, it looked nice,with a big outdoor patio. We went inside and were greeted by a male host who said we could help ourselves  to any table we liked on the Patio.
I went to use the restroom to wash my hands before we ate. The ladies was nice and clean and very nicely decorated, I noticed some interesting art work on the walls on the way back to my table. This is where the good times end.

Our Waitress ( I think it was Cyvannah) or something close to that, came right away and asked if we were ready to order. We said no,it was our first time there. We had not read the menu, but we ordered an Ice Tea and hot coffee. We got chips and salsa and our drinks. My coffee was old ,the bottom of the pot. It tasted it and there were grounds all in the bottom of the cup. My water glass had a big lip print on it. (NOT MY COLOR). So I never touched that. The Coffee mug was filthy as well. You can see from the photo I took of both of them. Because, later I asked if I could have a 2nd cup of coffee and our server said she would have to make another pot. Since that was the last of it she had given me. Well, there you go, I knew it.
Yes, I would love another cup,thank you. I was thinking ,this will be great I will get a real cup of coffee this time. Almost 20 min later she brought it. The cup was just as dirty. Does this place not have a dish washer(machine) because, nothing seemed cleaned.

Our food came no later than 5 min.after we ordered it. It took longer to get our to go boxes than the food that was to go in it. When she brought it ,she said,"Careful it is really hot". Well the dishes were hot not the food on them. 
Meaning they had all been microwaved.
I ordered Chicken Soup. It was supposed to be spicy. when she put it down in front of me there were multi colored bubbles all over the top of it. I said, "wait, what are all these bubbles"? She said that happened while she was walking with it , it made Bubbles. Plus it is hot, that is the Bubbles.
I took and spoon and scraped the bubbles off. They were soap bubbles.
I did taste the soup, it was barley warm, and was not spicy. So either there was soap in the soup or the bowl when the soup was placed in it.

My Dining Partner ordered and enchilada with rice and beans. The rice was old and dried out as you will see in the photo as well. We also ordered a sampler platter so we could try a little of every thing. Which everything on that as well seemed as if it was made before and reheated in a microwave.
Nothing was good and nothing was hot. even the Cheese Crisp all the tortilla broke apart like it was days old. Fresh tortillas do not do that.

The chips and salsa are good , but if you are gluten intolerant, don't eat the Flour chips, they are mixed in with corn ones. Our waitress never came back to check on us till the end. I had wanted Corn tortillas with my meal. I had been given flour. She brought those along with our check. Knowing that we were done with the meal. Looking back that day. I wish we would of asked to speak to the Manager. Maybe he or she was not there that day. Maybe that is why everything was so bad. We paid $50.00 for this mess including tip.
Our waitress seemed very pre occupied with something else , somewhere else. There was another girl working the patio with long dark red hair. She was very on top of her tables and taking really good care of her people. So it was just us that had Cyvanaah on the patio.

Anyway, it was a horrible experience and one that we paid a lot for as well. Check out the photos , I think you will be horrified. We both felt sick that night. I know it was from the food and I only ate a little.
I am guessing that most people like it here for the Drinking ,the Happy hour. Because, I do not know how they could stay in business with dirty dishes and bad food.