Consistently disappointing summarizes our experiences here.  The chips and salsa (ask for hot salsa) and inferno sauce are the only positive factors at this restaurant.  My husband and I have ordered food here numerous times and each time leave shaking our heads wondering why we didn't learn from our past experiences at Inferno.

I'll summarize our most recent visit to provide an example.  I ordered a combination plate that was supposed to consist of a soft vegetarian taco and bean tostada with a side of rice and beans.  My husband also ordered a combination plate with a bean tostada and inquired as to what options were available for a burrito without meat.  The server pointed him to "Courtney's Favorite Burrito Inferno" that was on the menu and explained that the burrito had rice, black beans, cilantro, onions, etc. in it and that he could get "pretty much anything he wanted" in it and they would just omit the meat. When our meals arrived, my plate was missing the side of beans altogether and the taco was served with a hard shell.  When I asked to have the taco replaced with the soft shell that I ordered, my plate was swept away and reappeared about a minute later with a soft taco that was clearly simply the contents of the hard shell taco that had been scraped haphazardly into a tortilla.  As it turned out, the taco was actually the best part of the meal as it was nearly impossible to chew the greasy, leathery tostada shell that was sopped with refried beans and few if any other toppings.  My husband's plate contained the same lackluster tostada and had the appropriate sides of rice and beans.  As for the burrito, which according to the combination menu is supposed to be ten inches, what arrived was a six inch dried, cracked, and stale tortilla containing nothing but greasy sauteed onions and green peppers that I would assume are used for the fajitas.  The burrito was so flavorless and the ingredients so poor quality that he gave up on even trying to consume the majority of it.

Another consistent negative that we've observed about Inferno is the generally rude attitude of the bartenders who seem to be put out to have to make a margarita.  Once we do manage to get their attention after they continually walk past and ignore customers in need of drinks at the bar, a margarita is then sloppily thrown together and served in a glass that is only about 2/3 full.  It would appear that the staff's attitude is simply an extension of the owner's as we've seen Terry, who certainly recognizes us from Inferno and from his sister property Rhythm & Wine yet will not even greet us or most of the other customers, skulking around the restaurant rudely demanding that staff change the television channels as he stands around idly, seemingly wishing he were anywhere but at his restaurant.

All in all, this is a place to stop for some chips and salsa and nothing more.  The location is really the only reason that we've been to Inferno as often as we have and we certainly aren't in a hurry to return.