Went there for the fourth time last week. First, a little about my visit history. 

1st visit: went with a friend. It was her suggestion. She and her sister love the restaurant and I agreed to go. The food was tasty but the margarita was not worth the money. My MIL makes much better margaritas at home. 

2nd visit: went with same friend when she came into town again. Food was okay. 

3rd visit: when my dad came into town for a visit, we wanted to take him to a Mexican restaurant. This was by far the worst of the four visits. In fact, it was so horrible I attempted to contact the owner quite a few times. Finally, she contacted me back and made a bunch of excuses for why should didn't call back. She said she would send us a gift certificate to treat us for the horrible experience. Lie. Here was our experience that time: the server was extremely rude, especially to our kids who were seated and not being loud or crazy. She seemed less than interested in us and rarely came to check on us. After eating the hot salsa I asked for a refill because I was in desperate need, and she gave me an attitude. The grossest part was that she was wearing a tank top and sweating. My husband took big issue with this, but I was more concerned about the food and service. The kids' burritos were DRY DRY DRY and looked like they were microwaved to death. When we asked the server a question about an item she ignored us, refilled my drink finally, and quickly left. I promise you that at no point were we rude to her - I'm too afraid of spit in my food to do that at any restaurant ;)

4th visit (and final): we took my dad for a redo. A different server took care of us and she was VERY nice. It was the final straw when our meals came out literally five minutes after we ordered. I'm not saying I don't appreciate the quick service, but it was telling that the plates were piping hot, as well. I'd rather not pay $13 for a microwaved chimichanga. Also, my daughter got a burrito that again was dry (I wish I would have made her order something different) and my son got a taco that looked like it had been sitting out for hours - he ate maybe two bites. 

I know everyone seems to love this place, but I'd rather go somewhere where the food is freshly made and not microwaved beyond an inch of its life.