As a good friend to the Empire said, "the beautiful people didn't all disappear - they just all went into hiding at the Cosmopolitan".  Man, she couldn't have been more right.  Everywhere I looked it was style over substance, women trolling for a golden ticket, men trying way too hard to look pensive in staged photographs, popped collars for miles....and absolutely no sign of that furball that creates the one-thing entourage of my daughter's deadbeat boyfriend.  Let's face it, that beast has no sense of style.  Chewie's idea of suiting up is picking the birds that got trapped in his fur out of his natty ass backhair.

Fortunately for me, black is always in, so I had no trouble getting into China Poblano - which, on its surface, presents the awesome combination of Mexican and Chinese food all in one place.  Why has nobody in the entire galaxy thought of this before?

I will say this:  What we got was absolutely delicious.  I will also say this:  There really, REALLY should have been more of it.  Look, I get that part of being one of the "beautiful people" is only pretending to eat your food, so I'm sure for the regulars of that hotel, the 2 bite meals are more than sufficient.  Let's face it, though:  Nobody would ever claim that I needed to eat a damn sammich.  And if I'm going to pay 20 dollars for a damn 20 vegetable fried rice, it should be substantial enough to where I have more than 1 little bit of each kind of vegetable.  12 dollars for an object I could eat in one bite?  Jesus Christ, even the WATER was small.  No, seriously, tiny glasses, and they never even completely filled them on refills.  What the hell is it with this kind of philosophy?  Made me want to go out and Force Choke a kitten....or at least the beloved Marie Osmond.  But my quarrel was with this restaurant, not the Flamingo Hilton.

Sorry, but you're claiming a combination of Mexican and Chinese cuisine, both of which historically consist of larger portion sizes.  So why try to integrate tapas style sizes with steakhouse-like prices?

Maybe the owner should focus more on balancing the value of his cuisine instead of kowtowing to perpetually pouty-lipped 20-something gold miners looking for someone with enough mastery of The Force to use Jedi Mind tricks on the Jimmy Choo salespeople for free shoes.  My recommendation?  The recipe for the SUPERB 20 veg fried rice is readily available online...I almost never say this, but make it on your own spaceship and save yourself the expense.

3 Deathstars.