I'm really surprised this place has only three stars. The boy and I came here on our last night in Vegas and it was easily the best meal we'd had all weekend. Since I imagine a lot of vacationers are frequenting this spot, I'll break down what we had:

Salt and Air Margarita: probably the best margarita I've ever had

Taro chips: unbelievable. We ordered these for our ceviche, but I was gobbling them up on their own. Insanely crisp and delicious.

Tuna Ceviche: delicious. And quite a large portion for the price. The only complaint I might have is that by the bottom of the bowl, the tuna was completely overpowered by the dregs of citrus juice, but to be fair we ate this quite slowly interspersed with other dishes. Might've had more time than normal for the tuna to get over marinated.

Siu Mai w/ Quail Eggs: the best dish of the night, and easily the best siu mai I've ever had. And trust me, I live in Queens in NYC, I know my Asian food. The meat was soft, insanely flavorful, and the eggs just bursts with a creamy eggy-ness in your mouth.

Pork Buns (When Pigs Fly): disappointing. I wouldn't be able to tell the difference between these and any old pork bun I come across. Not necessarily bad, but not great.

Duck Tongue Taco (Silencio): I am a fan of trying absolutely anything and everything, but this was just downright weird. I commend them for getting the tongue that soft, but the flavor wasn't appealing. 

Beef Tendon Taco (Viva China): Outstanding. The beef tendon is crispy and packs an amazing amount of flavor. The sauce is delicious. 

Carnitas Taco: My absolute favorite. I've never had such good meat in a carnitas taco. 

Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice: this one was interesting. First of all, I should mention that my boyfriend can't stand onions, so I sadly had to get this sans any kind of onions or scallions. I bet that would really add to the flavor. However, even without onions, this dish got a hold of me. At first I thought "meh, it's fried rice," but with each subsequent bite, I began to realize, "wait, this is the BEST FRIED RICE I'VE EVER HAD." Every bite had a new vegetable. And the boy literally licked the bowl clean. 

Chocolate Teracotta Warrior: really, we got this because we wanted our special dinner to end with SOME kind of dessert. The presentation is stunning, and the ginger ice cream mixed with the chocolate crumbles is delicious, but I could've done without this one. I have a feeling their other desserts are probably better.

The service throughout the meal was great, our waiter was very attentive and helpful in giving us tips on what we might want to order. And the vibe of the place was very nice. Casual, but upscale. And not crowded. I would definitely come here again.