I absolutely LOVE the concept at China Poblano -- Chinese and Mexican food served side by side, with no fusion -- but I was also apprehensive about the middling reviews.

I'm glad I swept my apprehension under the rug because my lunch here was wonderful!

Located on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, China Poblano is bright and inviting, with lots of color and neon and bold decorative touches.  (I dig the giant walk-through Buddha in lieu of a door.)  It's one of Chef Jose Andres' casual joints, in contrast to the fancier Jaleo and é upstairs.  The place fills up fast at lunchtime, but I was lucky enough to score a seat at the bar without waiting at around 11:30am on a Saturday.

The menu is divided into Chinese and Mexican small plates.  Everything is served tapas-style.  Nothing is particularly authentic, but what do you expect in a Las Vegas hotel-casino?

I started with one of the specials of the day -- elote and squash blossoms.  Loved the flavors and textures, especially the crunchy bits of elote sprinkled throughout.  Everything was very fresh, light, and enjoyable.

Next, I had the dan dan mian (wheat noodles with spicy pork sauce and peanuts).  This was a good complement to the elote, because its profile of flavors and textures was the diametric opposite.  The noodles were rich and heavy -- probably too heavy for most people.  The spicy pork sauce was almost like thick clay in consistency.  I didn't mind, but I'm also not sure if that was intentional or not.

I washed my lunch down with China Poblano's specialty beverage of the house -- the salt air margarita (spiked with pomegranate).  This was a unique take on a classic cocktail, with a salty foam on top in lieu of the traditional salt rim.  Very refreshing.

Bar service is very upbeat and friendly -- and so are the other patrons!  Everyone eating here seems to be coming or going in an alcohol-induced haze, so expect revelry.

Prices are definitely high.  I'm still smarting over that $14 margarita.  

That said, I'd go back.  The menu is just too tempting to resist!