Pleasantly bizarre. I guess that's how I would sum this place up.  Watch the video on their website if you want to get a feel for the vibe of the restaurant.  If you are looking for a more classy, quiet, date-night kind of place you are better off going to one of the eateries on the third floor.  This place was rocking on the Saturday night we were there, electrified by the massive crowd just outside the door waiting to get into the club.  But I was in a good mood and enjoyed the music and people watching while we waited for our table perched high above everyone else on what appeared to be a mod style version of a Mayan pyramid... except that there were golden Buddha statues on top.  Yeah.  So now you are starting to get it when I say this place is weird but cool? Did I mention that there was a digital painting on the wall that alternated between a portrait of Frida Khalo and the Dalai Lama? And a sculpture roughly in the shape of a human head protruding from the back wall onto which they projected digital images of Kim Jong-il?  OK, so you got it now, right?

I agree with the other reviewers that I wish they had more fusion dishes.  I was disappointed that the majority of the menu items were either Chinese or Mexican but not both.  And most of the food was just average.  Good but not great.  And yes, ridulously over priced. But at a hip restaurant in what is arguably the hottest casino hotel on the strip right now, that is to be expected. So now, for those of you still reading this, here is a rundown of what we ordered.

Guacamole - My husband made the comment that this was not even the best guac that he had eaten that day.  I am not a big fan of the stuff in general but I would have like to see some kind of twist to make something that is so easy to make at home worth ordering here.  Maybe a little five spice powder or some ginger for that Asian influence.  Are you listening José Andrés? And you really need to serve it with chips.  Those tortillas were pretty darn good but it is a texture thing.

Pot stickers - Beautiful presentation.  Really, just gorgeous. I even took a picture.  I truly enjoyed the flavors and it was a cool twist to get lamb instead of the traditional pork.  But where was the sauce? Everyone knows the best part about eating pot stickers is the sauce. That was another little thing that just made the dish seem lacking and also a missed opportunity to bring in a fusion experience (How about a little chimichurri or mole sauce for dipping? Hello?)

Coctel de Camarones - I was so disappointed in this dish, I can't even tell you.  For those of you who have ever had true cocteles at an authentic Mexican seafood place just don't bother.  If you are the type that enjoys salsa out of a jar, then you might like it.  Once again, though, they were missing the accompaniment. Traditionally, this dish is either served with saltine crackers or tostada shells. However, when we asked our waitress if we could get some chips or something to eat it with she said we were supposed to eat it with the spoon, like gazpacho. wtf?

Chilaquiles - This dish was not authentically Mexican either but I really enjoyed it.  My husband, who had apparently ordered it without reading the description, did not. He was expecting red sauce instead of green but I loved the tangy tomatillo salsa and the cheese was delish. But I agreed with him that there really should have been meat or eggs on there. And the chips were not really cooked into the dish, it was more like nachos than anything else.

Mole tacos - We both liked these though they were a little bland.  I guess not everyone likes spicy but I was expecting at least a little heat.  Gourmet tacos like these are pretty common where we live so I wasn't surprised by the price or size but meh, I've had better.

Palmitos - This salad saved the day for me.  It was truly special.  I love hearts of palm but these weren't the limp white tubes you get out of a jar.  Crisp and fresh, mixed with other equally fresh julienned vegetables, it was a hearty and satisfying salad.  But the dressing is what really blew my mind.  Sweet and sour with a strong tamarind flavor.  It tasted like those Mexican tamarindo candies... except more crisp and organic.  The whole dish was just so clean and brisk.  I know not everyone's palate is the same and someone else might find it too strong, there was a lot of fresh lime juice in there and definitely some kind of chile.  But that is perfect for me. I may return to this place just for that salad... or if I in the mood for some ethnic Vegas style kitsch.