I havent yelped in a while and my next yelp will be

http://www.yelp.com/biz/cafe-sierra-universal-city

Cafe Sierra for the Lobster Buffet

This place is pretty bad in which I have to share my experience to save others from trying it. 

Back to this review, it's finals week, Im procrastinating and I wonder to myself. LA Food and Prices spoils me. San Diego forces me into this misconception of what prices should be as everything is 1-3 more dollars expensive in San Diego than it is in L.A while quality is just the same if not worse. Now you're thinking 1-3 dollars isnt that much but when you add in another 1-2 dollars in tips. that's 5 dollars more per meal.

As a starving college student on a low calorie diet ( trust me i'm down 60 lbs) I probably shouldn't be eating out so I shouldn't complain. But even the poorest college student has to have their starbucks every morning. 

Now on to the story, being that it's in Vegas, I was pretty much drunk the whole time, from Thursday night until Saturday, completely drunk ALL day. I ended up needing nail polish. oh lord. 

Being as how I was drunk the whole time I forgot to eat. Being hungry I looked around for food and saw a pizza place, I should have went there cause it was a lot better than China Poblano. But at the time I saw, "Oh wow Chinese food and Mexican food? this is interesting let's check this place out" 

The first thing you notice about the place is very fancy cause it Vegas, but your jaws gape and your eyes bulge when you see the prices. The prices here ranges a fancy restaurant but the food is no where near fancy. 

Now when I was in line it looked at the taco they had here were actually pretty fresh as I saw them make it from scratch, however, it seems like the Chinese food here comes from some back room in the back where you do not see how they attempt to make your food. 

Back to this review. I order Swallow A Cloud which already has the imagery of swallowing some strange white liquid as the liquid itself was actually brown, but I should have been weary when they give Chinese Won Ton the name of "Swallow A Cloud" I did absolutely no swallowing as I threw away most of the Won Ton that I ordered. But seriously, who came up with these names.

Now you're trying to swallow misty white cloud, sounds sketch right? well you shouldn't even attempt because it was absolutely horrible. 

The description state that is "fresh"white noodle and wonton but it tasted no where near "fresh" as it was absolutely horrible. You get 3 small pieces of wonton, half a handful of crappy package noodles, and a unflavorful broth for 20 bucks. At the time I was thinking, 20 bucks, it CAN't be that bad. I should have went to wicked spoon or panda express. 

i have absolutely no idea how this place gets 3\5 stars

I'd probably have more luck finding "chinese" food across the street at Panda Express. What a sad statement right?