I have seriously been trying to eat here for years, but there is always a really long wait without a reservation...and of course, I was never smart enough to make a reservation.  The girls and I needed a quick dinner and it was rather early, so I was hoping there would be no wait.  Luckily, I was right.  When we first sat down, the bus boy brought us water immediately, but then no one came over to us for what seemed like 20 minutes.  We eventually had to flag a waiter down, who was very apologetic and proceeded to provide the best service ever!  Not only was our server very attentive, so was the rest of the staff.  Even the hostess came by at one point to check on us, which I found rather strange but funny, all at the same time lol.  

We started with the fried lotus chips with mole sauce.  Just an FYI: the fried lotus chips do not come with mole sauce.  The waiter offered it to us for making us wait, I believe, and I sure am glad he did.  The fried lotus chips are good, but a bit plain.  However with the mole sauce, it was delicious!  One of the girls ordered the pozole rojo, which was good, but it was nothing compared to the caldo tlalpeño the other girl ordered.  The caldo tlalpeño was so flavorful that it was hard to believe that it was only soup.  Here's a warning: if you cannot take spice, then the caldo tlalpeño is definitely not for you.  Sorry, sucker lol.  I ordered one each of the lengua taco and the barbarcoa taco, which were both delightful.  Lastly, we shared one order of the diver scallops and green beans in XO sauce.  I love scallops, green beans, and XO sauce...however this was a tad salty.  It was mostly the XO sauce so I made due by not getting too much sauce in each bite, which worked out nicely.  

Finally, to make up for forgetting about us, the waiter brought out a complimentary dessert, mango and sticky rice.  I love this dessert anyway so I was pretty excited when he brought it out, but of course it had a twist to it.  Normally, it doesn't come with whipped cream on top, but this one did with what seemed like crispy rice treats inside.  Anyway, I don't normally eat whipped cream since it's so fattening, but I figured hey, I'm on vacation...live a little!  And man, am I glad I did!  Yum!