Admittedly, part of the reason I may be a little hard on this place is because I was planning on spending about seven bucks on a slice of pizza and a diet coke at the hidden pizza place in the Cosmopolitan before exiting Vegas, but a last second swerve turned into throwing down over $30 here instead.  Anyway you look at it though, I just don't think this place was all that great.  

Although the whole concept of having Chinese & Mexican food on the same menu might sound interesting, at the end of the day it's not as if the menu here is combining the flavors of both cuisines into some sort of fusion dishes (THAT would be interesting...I'm not sure if it would be any good, but interesting).  The menu is essentially divided into Chinese & Mexican sections.  

I decided to go w/Mexican.  I had two two tacos & well as chips and salsa to be exact.  I had a chicken mole taco, which was okay.  I'm a huge fan of mole sauce, and I can't put my finger on what it was exactly, but I just wasn't a huge fan of the mole here.  part of the problem was I think they used too much of it.  It pretty much drenched the chicken.  I also had a fish taco.  It was nothing special, pretty much your run of the mill fish taco.  I was just looking to get a little food in my system before hopping on flight and not expecting to get a full meal.  That's exactly what I got.  Each taco was about two or three bites.  As for the chips and salsa...once again nothing special.  One of my dining companions went the Chinese route.  She got soup and some sort of gyoza, which I tried and thought was kind of greasy (she felt the same and felt her soup was okay).  

Between three of us we spent about $90.  One dining companion ordered the same two tacos I did and we split the chips and salsa (the third got the soup & gyoza).  A big portion of our bill was the diet cokes we ordered (which  were a necessity IMO after all the alcohol we consumed over the weekend).  They were $5 a pop each for an 8 oz bottle and we each had two.

The food at China Poblano isn't horrible, and the small portions are what's expected, but I still wasn't a big fan of this place...