I am very turmoiled about this place. I've seen it several times and my guitar instructor/friend has been here 5 times and loved it every time. I had big expectations. 

Thursday night, the middle of the Pac 12 tournament week around 9 o'clock in the evening. Not too crowded but people were scattered around the edges of the restaurant. With all the room in the restaurant, we end up sitting at a table against a wall nestled in between about 4 other tables a super tight sardine type squeeze. 

Our red headed male waiter did not come around for awhile, but we watched him attend to the table directly to the right of us and a few tables left of us. I kind of felt like we were playing that childhood game, Red Rover, wondering if I was ever going to get picked and the anticipation was killing me! I just wanted to order. 

He finally comes over with his rehearsed speech. Yes, my hubby and I order margaritas, and then he disappears for a long time again before we get to order food.

Fast forward sometime later.. The guacamole and chips, hubby's choice, make their appearance first. Very good stuff. Not mind blowing but definitely worth a try!

I enjoyed my "air" foam topped margarita and my chili pepper spicy margarita. I had one of the most unique tacos I ever had - a duck tongue - lychee corn tortilla taco. Although I really enjoyed the duck taco, I definitely liked the beef lengua taco more since the duck tongue taco was too unique for my tastes. I also loved the Hao Gao dim sum - the insides combined pork and shrimp when its usually just shrimp. Very tasty stuff. The six pieces disappeared in my tummy quickly!

I also ordered a carnitas taco, but it never came out. I inform the waiter of this and he said I never ordered it. I could have sworn that I did. What happens next? We receive our check, and the carnitas taco was on the bill! The supposed taco that I never ordered! I think the manager noticed my dejected look. He came over and asked us if we were okay and we told him what happened. Our waiter never returned but the manager helped make the correction on the bill and sincerely apologized. 

My summary: Food very interesting! Manager and hostess very friendly and nice. Waiter - I think you were having an off day or honestly forgot about us. You probably were tired or overworked and were ready to be done with the day. We had come in from a long road trip and just wanted to relax and have drinks and food. It was just a bad date between us and the restaurant that night.