I came to China Poblano a few years ago and had a pretty great experience, so was anxious to take my boyfriend here on my most recent trip about a month ago, and man oh man was I severely disappointed. 

The concept of serving Mexican and Chinese food in the same restaurant is intriguing and in an odd way, works extremely well. No matter what dish you end up ordering, the food is definitely good. That's where my two stars come from. So A+ on the food and even the unique decor. 

The service though... oh man the service. Quite horrendous. First, we had a 20 minute wait for a table, but when our name was finally called we were sat at the bar (apparently bar is not self-seating here, but requires a host to seat you here). My boyfriend and I like sitting across from each other during meals, so felt a little odd to be next to each other, but nonetheless, it didn't bother us much as it was kind of fun to sit up where we could experience the action of the bartender and tortilla chef first-hand. We started off by ordering a drink each and an order of chips and salsa (which I must say, considering 95% of Mexican restaurants give chips & salsa for free, this was a little pricey here). They weren't bad, but I have had better elsewhere. We then ordered 4 tacos (2 tacos each). About 20 minutes after ordering, 1 taco was delivered. Where the other 3 were, we had no idea. We asked the bartender, who was also our waiter, and he had no idea either. He went to the kitchen to check and came back to tell us it would just be a few more minutes. About another 20 minutes passed by, and 2 more tacos were delivered. We were still missing the 4th and questioned where that one may be. Finally, another 10 minutes later, the 4th and final taco had been delivered. This long wait for 4 measly tacos was just ridiculous to me. The bartender did try to help, but it fell a little short. He could not offer to compensate us for the drinks we've already ordered, but he did tell us we could each order one more drink and those would be on the house, so we took up his offer and ordered 2 more drinks.We then got our check, paid and left, dissatisfied, and still very hungry. 

The next day, my boyfriend noticed that the amount charged on his card was more than was on the initial bill. They ended up charging him for the 2 "on the house" drinks. This issue has still not been resolved. 

I really love the food here and the atmosphere is fun, I just really wish the service would improve and that free drinks were truly free.