The food here was fantastic. It is designed to be eaten as small plate, family style dining, so we ordered 7 plates for 3 people for dinner. That was a perfect amount of food for the three of us (all girls, but one big eater!). Plus we split two desserts, but could have easily done one.  Everything was delicious, but the standouts were the golden pig steamed buns, Dan Dan noodles, mango sticky rice and the duck tongue tacos. 
Cocktails were tasty. Reasonable for Vegas, although definitely pricey if you are going to eat a full meal with cocktails, mains, and dessert. 
My one huge complaint was the service, and only very specifically in regards to the hostess. When we arrived, we checked in and were told without a reservation the wait could be 45 minutes to an hour, but since we were willing to sit anywhere that was first available (bar or table) usually something would open in about 20 minutes. We were escorted to the waiting area, and a server came by very quickly to offer us drinks. Then we were basically ignored for an hour and a half, when everyone around us (also without a reservation) was seated first, despite having similarly sized groups. When the hostess did acknowledge us, every time she promised that we were next to be seated and we were just waiting for a table to open up. Except that each time, she indicated a different table that we were waiting for.  When bar seats finally did open up an hour into our wait, she told us that we were just waiting for a table to leave - that they had already paid, and then showed another group to that table. When a table finally did open up, there was a huge miscommunication among the staff about who was going to get it, which arrangement and so on.  I feel like if we had not been persistent about being seated, we would have been completely ignored. 
I wouldn't have been so cranky about the wait time if my expectations had been properly managed from the beginning-customer service 101. When, 40 minutes in, she kept telling us that we would be seated right away, we just got more irritated every time that turned out to be untrue. If we were honestly kept apprised of the situation, we likely would have elected to come back another night with a reservation. 
Since we had been basically repeatedly misinformed, my friend asked if we could please have a complimentary guacamole for the wait. The hostess was super reluctant to help us and said she would have to ask her boss, but as soon as our server came to the table, the server offered to bring us some on the house. After we were in the server's hands, the dinner was fantastic. Food came out really fast and the servers were friendly and efficient.  The hostess was likely enough to keep me from returning, at least for awhile, and definitely not without a reservation. When I pay $180 for a meal, I expect to treated with at least honesty and courtesy by every staff member, especially the "face" of the restaurant.