We have a contest going on at work. We choose a type of food we like, then go out and find 5 different restaurants to try that type of food from. Whichever restaurant we rank highest is where we'll go when we're in the mood for that type of food. There are 4, sometimes 5 of us so the winning restaurants get a nice sale each time we go out. I let the cashiers/owners know about our contest up front so they know we'll be back (plenty) if they win. We've done Gyros (Z's Greek wins), Burgers (Chicago Hamburger Company wins), and now we're doing hard shell tacos.  

Today we tried Rosita's place. I walked in and let the lady know about our contest. She asked what restaurants we planned to try then mentioned that we shouldn't include franchise restaurants because their food will be cheap and sub-par and cannot touch a family restaurant like hers. I appreciated her opinion. 

I started my order by asking if I could substitute one of the ground beef tacos in the combination plate for chicken and was given an emphatic NO. She said it costs them extra for the meat so it was only fair to charge us extra. So, I kindly paid an extra 2.50 to get a machaca and chicken taco in my combo and continued the order. I asked for mild salsa with one pair of tacos and was told "we have red and green and everyone will get both". 4 of us ordered a total of 8 tacos, 1 combination plate, and an order of chips and salsa. Total sale was around 33 bucks.  

I get back to the office and hand out the food and this is when we realized that we got CHIPS AND HOT SAUCE, not Chips and Salsa which was a very unpleasant surprise. Many of the chips were chewy and soggy and we threw most of the bag away because of this. I expected white meat in my 3.00 chicken tacos but received dark, greasy meat. I thought a family restaurant will always provide quality meat?? The machaca was so overloaded with grease that the lettuce turned gray and slimy and the hard taco turned soft and mushy. I literally had to POUR the grease out. The chicken was flavorless and we didn't get cheese on any of the tacos. Let me guess, only fair they charge extra for cheese?? 

Not all of our tacos were as bad as mine but we all expected better flavor, cheese on our tacos, white-meat chicken, the ability to mix and match taco choices, and salsa with our chips; after all, a family restaurant will always be better quality than a franchise, RIGHT? The beans and rice were pretty good and while I do like my hot sauce hot I feel they substitute flavor with spice. 

All in all, I give Rosita's Place 3 out of 1000 stars (for the rice and beans and that's sad). I also found it offensive and absurd that they would openly slam on franchise restaurants when a Filiberto's or Chipotle taco blows the doors off of Rosita's Place. All of us agreed that this place would be at the bottom of the list come time to choose a winner. This is obviously not saying any other entree they have is just as bad; I'm only discussing their tacos. I was waiting all week to get some good tacos and am highly disappointed. It's safe to say I will never go to this restaurant again.