We have been going here for 40+ years. Every business should be allowed an off day here and there, but 3 times in a row is way too many!

The first time, it took forever for the waitress to come over once we were seated. After what seemed like forever we finally got some chips and salsa and then the waitress finally appeared. My son's order came out way before mine, so far in advance that he was done eating when mine arrived. Once I finally got my enchilada and beans, the beans were cold and the cheese was not even melted in the enchilada and I had to send it back! Again, can't find the waitress and getting front of house is almost impossible! Finally the food was sent back, by the time it came back again, my son really wanted to go home, and quite frankly so did I! 

My dad said to give them another try.... I did. 

The second time my daughter really wanted to go for her birthday. Once seated, it took forever to get service. Finally someone brought salsa and chips, then a huge long wait for the waitress to come to the table. When the waitress finally came, our order was taken and it took over 20 minutes to get our drinks! When the food finally came out, the beef in the chimichangas was tough, I had to ask for the side of sour cream and guacamole over 3 times before it was brought out, the guacamole had zero flavor, worst meal ever! We needed refills on the drinks and chips, again good luck getting service from your waitress or the front of house. I asked 3 different people for boxes to go, that took over 15 minutes to get! Took another 15 minutes after that just to get the bill! When I got home, I fed the leftovers to the chickens! 

After this, I was never going back! 

Dad just drove in from CA and the first place he wanted to go was here... I told him it would be a mistake... it was!

Again, hard to get service. There are about 10 tables and 4 waitresses! We placed our order, waited so long for our drinks that the basket of chips was almost gone before they arrived. Dad had the chile rellenos with a side of beans w/enchilada sauce and corn tortillas, I had a cheese enchilada w/beans and a side of sour cream. The chile rellenos were a mish mash of peppers and no cheese in sight, they did not put the enchilada sauce on the plate, forgot the sour cream, the beans were horribly over salted and did not bring the corn tortillas until the meal was almost done. Tried to get someones attention, anyone's attention to get a to go box! We left w/o the box. 

This was a different waitress each time I went. I am so disappointed that customer service from the waitresses and front of house is non existent, so not customer friendly anymore! The food is also not what it use to be either! 

Dad said I was right! We will never be going back!