Was up in the area for a golf tournament and wanted great Mexican food after.  I have found memories of Los Olivos in South Scottsdale.  Had been going there since I was a kid with my mother.  
This was anything but the fond memories I had of the other location.   When we arrived on this Sunday afternoon, we were seated quickly and about 5 minutes later someone came by with chips and salsa.  I'm not a fan of the way they serve the salsa.  It comes in two flavors, mild-chunky, and spicier version.  Both served in mini carafes.  You have to pour out a bunch onto a small plate and fight it.  Why not just serve in the small bowls every other Mexican restaurant has found out actually works?  Whatever, that can be forgiven because the chips and salsa are fairly good.  
What can't be forgiven is everything after that.  We waited at least 15 minutes before our server ever showed up asking for a drink order.  The worst mistake you can make is eating some hot salsa and salty chips after being out in the sun all day and waiting forever for a drink.  Then after taking the drink order, it was at least another 10 minutes before she brought them out. 
Food order put in and it came out pretty quick.  I was starving so I ordered the steak fajitas.  When they came out, they were not sizzling like you would expect fajitas to be.  These were the worst fajitas I have ever had.  It was one huge mound of onions with some mushrooms, a few slices of green pepper, and maybe 2 ounces of very dry, very overdone steak.  I had to dig through the pile of onions to search out little bits of steak.  The tortilla's that came with it were a huge mess.  They do not serve a few small tortilla's, they serve it with looks like should have been two larger tortillas that were grilled and folded up.  They came wrapped in tin foil and when I opened it up they were broken into a bunch of small pieces.  I not even sure how they possibly got that way.  just a mess, hard to eat tasteless, with terrible steak.  My wife's dish was even worse.  She ordered the #7 green corn tamale and enchilada combo.  It came out and the green corn tamale was just awful.  Had absolutely no flavor other than the feeling of biting into hunk of lukewarm lard.  She actually sent it back and to their credit they took it off the bill.  My son ordered the mini chicken chimi's.  How could they possibly mess that up right?  wrong, you can by expecting a mini chicken chimi to have chicken in it.  They came out and were 90% filled with cheese and 10% chicken.   
All in all, the worst Mexican restaurant and food I had ever had.  Never going back.