I had a date with Mama Jo last night and she chose Abuelo's. Though she pronounced it Aruba's. And the Ablegos. We finallly figured it out and arrived to a very bustling restaurant.

It definitely has the look of a medium end Vegas casino restaurant meets Macayo's...but all in all, I liked the decor, very bright and "atrium" like. We were greeted & seated, immediately and with kindness and professionalism. As we were being escorted to our table, I'm taking in the ambience, VERY busy and a HUGE crowd of SMALL little girls, half dressed in tu tu's. I kid you not. I thought it was teen drag night at a gay bar for a moment. 

As we nestled into our booth away from the screaming tweens, our delightful, delightful server, Ashley, informed us they were on the way to the Justin Beiber concert. How cute is that? Cuter that they were finished and leaving, but I digress.

I have to say, I truly appreciate a lot of chain restaurant requirements of the service staff. I like being asked if I've been in before. The specials. Soups of the day. Etc., etc. As long as they are not robotic and comfortable and smiling, I'm all ears. Five stars for Ashley.

Mom & I hadn't been out in awhile as we've (aka, ME) have been busy packing up for our move to Minneapolis. But she is as charming as she is lovely and it was nice to spend time with her outside of the house. We started with chips, three kinds of salsa (all explained, which I really appreciated) and an order of guacamole. I loved the THIN, crispy and fresh chips though they struggled to pick up the yummy, chunky guacamole without breaking. Oh, the problems we have!!!

We both ordered enchiladas, mom had ground beef and I went for cheese and a carnitas. Carnitas was sad and dry. Much like my Aunt Helen towards her final years. But the sauce was pretty flavorful. A big plus for the frijoles which had a great pork flavor infused and Papas Chiles...amazing, mashed taters with cheese. Carb city!

We finished with the obligatory chain chocolate lava cake. All in all for a chain restaurant, it was dang good. Ashley checked in when appropriate. I noticed two other nearby servers and their demeanor with guests and was most impressed.

So, Aruba's, er um Ablegos or wait Abuelo's, I might see ya before I move!