Last night I met up with my Wife and my In-Law's at Abuelo's to celebrate my Father in Law's birthday, I arrived late to dinner after working late, but My Wife was nice enough to set aside some appetizer nacho's for me. Let me start with the decor, this place is a blend somwhere between a nightclub with large glass doors and ambient light, and a Central Mexico villa, complete with faux sky fresco on the ceiling of the central dining room, all centered around an odd statue of a man in a poncho and a child in dining room.  Confused decor aside let's talk about the food.

the Nacho's I had we're actually very good, they appeared to be hard taco sized tortilla's broken in half with a bit of melted cheese taco meat, lettuce and sour cream on them.  My Wife told me about this greenish hot sauce the waiter put on the table that he said was really hot, and no one else at the table was daring enough to try.  Generally liking spicy food, I gave it a shot, it had a little kick, but nothing like some hot sauces I've tasted, nontheless I doused my nachos with it.

For dinner I ordered the Alambre De Camarones, which was essentially 6 large shrimp wrapped in bacon, stuffed with peppers, served with a queso sauce for dipping.  The dish was also served with rice and broccoli (which I found odd)

The shrimp was very good, dipping bacon wrapped shrimp in cheese may sound a bit decadent, but you might want to try it.  The rice is nothing you can't get anywhere else, but still not bad. The thing that kept this from being a four star review was the choice of Broccoli as a side. I know broccoli isn't unheard of in mexican cooking, I recognize the difference between Tex-Mex and what would be called Mexico City food.
Maybe I'm just being a picky little kid that doesn't want to eat his vegetables (which I did, the cheese helps). It just seemed like an odd pairing to me.

My wife had a an enchilada combo plate with beef and chicken which she let me taste and it was really good, any both her and my Father in Law's meals were served with these tasty papas with cheese and poblano peppers in them.  Which I secretly wish I had instead of the broccoli.

All in all the meal was pretty filling, tasty and our server was attentive, so I can't really complain. and would return to Abuelos