Wow, what a difference a talk made. After I had posted here I had also commented on Abuelo's Website. I was contacted by the Assistant General Manager via E-mail a few days later. She asked if we could talk by phone. So I gave her my phone number and she called me the next day. 
She apologized sincerely about the terrible service and food we received and said she would send me 4 VIP Vouchers for free meals.
Her name is Jennifer Dils and she followed through on her promise. 
So we went back on Friday, April 3rd, 2015. We were promptly seated and it wasn't until our server, his name is Will, came to our table to ask for our drink order that I gave him the free meal cards and asked for Mrs. Dils. She came to our table shortly and introduced herself. Mrs. Dils was extremely professional and courteous and it was truly a pleasure meeting her.
Will, even before meeting Mrs. Dils, was very nice and quick and throughout our entire visit was very attentive, without disturbing our little party. 
We had brought my Son along and again, my parents. 
My Father and I had opted for the Chicken Fajitas, The Chicken was juicy, well seasoned, the Onions and Bells underneath it nice and translucent.
My Mom had the Fajita Burito with the Chicken and Chili Con Queso on top. She really enjoyed her meal. The only thing was that she ordered all Rice and received Rice and Beans. But that was not such a big deal. 
My Husband and Son both had the Ribeye & Enchilada and chose the Cheese Enchilada. They asked for the Ribeye to be medium rare and it may have been just a tad more rare, but they both loved it.
We had the Guacamole and Chili Con Queso for the appetizer. Both were delicious, loved the Guacamole the most. We had it on our last visit and again, we were not disapointed.  The Salsa this visit around, was very good, it was not runny like it was on our previous visit. The only thing I don't care for is the Green Salsa. It is a little to sweet for my taste, buy my Dad liked it. 

Overall, this was the Abuelos I remember and we will definitely return again. I hope the excellent service and food will become the norm again and want to thank the Assistant Manager Mrs. Dils once more for addressing our complaint and making sure that all was well. She even came at the end of our meal to check on us. 

Thank you Abuelo's for what turned out to be a great return visit.