I have to start this in saying I generally am rather picky.  It's not that I don't like new things, but I generally gravitate in a specific comfort zone and go from there.  My mother and sister had been here once before, and felt it was a place I would love.  So, for a birthday celebration I found myself there.  Let me tell you a little bit about my experience and the case of the vanishing dishes.

Immediately, I blown away by the decor.  The place is clearly modeled in a modern fashion and is very eye catching.  Easy to navigate, and with a great view of both the sushi station and the kitchen itself, you can literally see everything going on.  When we first sat down, we were pleasantly greeted, and were explained in great detail the cocktail menu and the tastes as well.  From there, we the took a gander at the menu and this is where the real excitement began.  While I have had Chinese, Japanese, and Vietnamese before I have never quite had anything like what SumoMaya offers. 

We immediately started off with sushi.  Being that I have had sushi before and watched "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" I considered myself to be an expert on the raw fishy product.  Ok, I'm not, but I didn't need to be to say that the Spicy Crab we had was absolutely delightful.  A great splash of spice with a hint of lemon to help balance, myself and my family immediately devoured it.  From there, we then ordered the Tempura Cod and Korean tacos.  Those found themselves immediately devoured as well, and in this case even quicker than we could truly appreciate the fantastic presentation.  So far, SumoMaya had been blowing us away in food and after sipping on the four different cocktails we had ordered based upon the waitress's suggestion we were certainly on cloud nine.

Then, came Mexican Pho.  I must confess that my first trying of Pho came from an ex, and I was an addict after my first try.  So, after seeing this I just had to get it.  The waitress was polite to let us know that it was far from a normal Pho, and she certainly was right.  However, right in the best possible way.  This was like a chili meets a splash of Pho.  We immediately devoured it as the Pad Thai came out, only for that to mysterious vanish immediately.  Food seems to not stick around for long when it comes to SumoMaya.  Fusion cuisine can be a bit of a skeptical situation, and I've seen recent reviews not care for this place but to be honest I can't see why.  We had a variety of food covering several aspects of the menu, including dessert, and found that the consistency was spot on for every dish.  The cocktails were unique and creative, the menu was diverse and each dish was incredibly well prepared and enjoyed by the entire family.  Further, the pricing was more than fair for the quality.   The only real complain I could offer is that the service was a bit slow, but for them wishing me Happy Birthday after my sister informed them and doing so not with a song, not with a giant commotion, but very polite manners and a simple candle left me thinking, "A bit of a longer wait is alright by me".

I think I'll find myself driving up from Tucson just to go here every now and again.