Unbelievable Racist Event. I am a 32 year old Business Woman of Hispanic descent and I had made reservations at SumoMaya based on an article I had read online. My reservations were for 8:00 PM on a Friday night. I arrived on time with three of my childhood friends (Girls Night Out) and let the Hostess know I was present. All of us were dressed appropriately for the evening and had actually dolled up a bit for the night. Right at 8:00 PM I approached the hostess and asked about our seating and she said that she had given away our reservation and that "Our Kind" were not welcome at the restaurant.
I will readily admit that I have a temper and it did not take a second for me to go around the hostess table and begin an interrogation of the Hostess. She repeated that "people like me were not welcome".
I asked for a manager to come up and she refused so I headed into the restaurant to find one. I made my way all the way back to the kitchen and asked in Spanish who was in charge. (Ironic that I was not welcome in the front door but almost the entire staff was Hispanic). I finally found a Manager standing near the bar so I made my way over to him was finally able to get him up to the hostess area and told him what had happened. It took him several minutes to understand fully what had happened.
Once he understood what had occurred, he tried like crazy to apologize and told us that he would seat us immediately. I told him that there was no chance that we would, or could, sit and eat in his restaurant. We left the restaurant but not before two other couples standing behind us left as well and both presented us with their contact information without us asking. Both stated that we should take up the issue at the Scottsdale EEOC office. Both couples were nearly as upset as we were with the episode as witnessed.
On the following Monday I was contacted by the Scottsdale EEOC office (to my surprise) and learned that one of the witnesses was so upset that they had called them first thing in the morning on Monday to complain and make sure the matter was swiftly addressed. I set up and appointment with one of their people and met with him that week. I was not impressed. The entire Scottsdale EEOC experience was a standard Government Cover your Butt operation. Seems like they exist to propagate themselves and their office. The person who interviewed me could not have cared less about the indignity I suffered for no other reason than the darker color of my skin. A total waste of my time.
Let's fast forward to late last week (5 weeks mind you) when a group of men representing the restaurant group, called me to apologize for the incident. They were adamant that I should come into the office and meet personally so they could express, in person, their deepest apologies. They told me that the Hostess had been fired and would never work for any of their restaurants. I told them that I would speak with my husband and see if he would be interested in coming along. I told them as well that I was afraid that the whole incident was not being taken seriously at all and that too much time had passed to make any difference. I told them I would call them back and let them know.
Interestingly enough, the group asked me if I had posted any negative information on any social media. I told them that I had not but I had recorded the entire event in writing so as not to lose any detail when it came time to discuss it with anyone of import. They suggested that I should wait until I came in and spoke to them before posting any content. In fairness, they said I should do whatever I pleased but they wanted a chance to express their deepest apologies before I posted anything.
I called back the same day and it took two days for an assistant to call me back and suggest some appointment times. I agreed to an appointment today (10/28/14) but decided after talking it over with my Husband and friends that it would be a waste of time for all parties. I called and cancelled the appointment and here I am on YELP.
It is 2014 in Scottsdale, AZ and although I've endured my share of incidents such as this throughout my life, it seems to me that if it took 5 weeks for this information to get to a senior management level they have other issues to deal with in the area of operational control. An event of this magnitude should have been dealt with instantly in my opinion and not allowed to fester not only with me, but with the staff at the restaurant, and other potential victims that just never came forward. I shudder to think what there management practices are like at their other restaurants at the OSIO Culinary Group.
In closing, all I or anyone can do is NOT give our hard-earned money to any business that acts this way and then takes a month to find they may be at risk and then apologize. If you are of the same mindset of the OSIO Culinary Group and their Management team, then you should enjoy a minority-free (customers not staff of course) environment when you dine.