The fact so many people in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area believe SumoMaya is amazing is downright concerning. Have they never been to a good restaurant before? Everything about this place is horrid. 
The restaurant is located in a strip mall and they take control of the parking lot during dinner hours demanding you to valet park, which is completely unnecessary. 
The hostesses are rude and unprofessional. We showed up at 6pm without a reservation. Apparently if you don't have a reservation here you're treated as a second class citizen. Did I miss the memo that this was a Michelin Rated Restaurant, justifying the inflexible seating policy? The hostess said all of the tables are reserved and we weren't allowed to wait for a table to open up. She offered to seat us at the "sushi" bar and said that's all we have available for walk-ins despite the numerous empty tables. She suggested heading over to the bar as there were first come first serve high top tables. We grabbed a table and although it was small it was fine. I'm not sure why she didn't offer that up in the first place.
The music was obnoxiously loud where you can't hear the person sitting across from you. 
Our waitress tried really hard to be attentive, but you could tell she was spread thin and all over the place. We constantly had to flag her down to refill our drinks or when we needed her.
The food here was awful. The concept itself of Mexican and Asian works great for Kogi because they kept it simple unlike SumoMaya. On the menu you'll find dishes from nearly all the Asian countries reengineered into something inedible and disgusting. On top of the small portions and bad food, all of our entrees came out separately in 15 minute intervals instead of at the same time. The kicker was items were auctioned off by a server standing at the head of the table and yelling who ordered the___!!? When the final dish came out the other dishes were cold because clearly it's rude to start eating before everyone receives their food. 
Sumo Mayo is another typical, overpriced and overrated Scottsdale restaurant. I would recommend taking your hard earned cash elsewhere.