(Lyrics - Alphaville - Forever Young)

Lets dine in style, lets drink for a while
Bo Bites can taste we'll only review what we try
Hoping for the best and expecting the best!
Are you gonna drop the bomb or not?

Let us dine now or let us drink forever
We don't have the power but we never say never
Sitting in a dining room, start with ceviche
The Shrimp heads for the entree

(Skip)

SumoMaya, Let's all go to SumoMaya!
I really want to try SumoMaya, SumoMaya

3.5 Stars in my book!

SumoMaya is definitely one of the hottest restaurants in town.  The place was popping on a Wednesday night and my friends and I had reservations at 8:15pm, but didn't sit until about 8:45pm.  So we ordered drinks at the bar needless to say.

When we finally sat we went for it!  Lump Crab guacamole, Hamachi Roll, Hamachi Ceviche, Bacon Wrap Dates, Pork Belly Ramen, and Head-On Giant Shrimp.  The Lump Crab had a mesh of cilantro, lime, and it came with some tostada shells, which my gal pals thought was too hard.  I liked it overall as a starter; soft mushy guacamole and crab meat with an extra crunch of the tostada!  The Hamachi Roll & Ceviche was probably one of my least favorite -- The roll was atop with a pickled jalapeno pepper that just shocked my palates and the Ceviche came with a yuzu green apple aioli that didn't seem to go well in my opinion.  Leave the green apple out haha!  As for the Bacon Wrap Dates, I didn't care for these either since the charred bacon necessary to make a wrap was burnt and dry. The Pork Belly Ramen was good and how any ramen entree should taste like; nice warm broth and the noodles was cooked just right.  The star of the night for me was the Giant Shrimp!  Cooked to perfection as it carefully slide off the shell with the garlic-creamy sauce and a spicy hint in the end!  Along with the cherry tomatoes to finish off this dish giving it a final sweetness!  Best grilled shrimp I've tasted in a while!

Service was good overall and attentive as it was pretty busy that night.  The ambiance is hot as I stated earlier.  There was a large tree in the middle giving the restaurant an outdoorsy flare.  Designed by restaurateur German Osio and Chef Herb Wilson whom was inspired by a food truck in LA serving up Mexican-Asian food; thus spawning SumoMaya - Enjoy!