I love the Whimsy Modern Airy Atmosphere. When you walk in and you get the feeling you are one of those beautiful people in a movie that's in a really cool place somewhere. Oh But Yes you are it's Scottsdale AZ !  Asian and Latin Faces are sprinkled on some of the seats and a big really Real Looking tree is planted in the dining room. The Beautiful Restaurant was also pristine clean like a hospital.

Our waiter was very welcoming and explained the menu to us. The food is Asian Mexican Fusion and is TAPAS Style meaning you share small plates and do need to order 2 - 3 plates a person even at lunch time.

We started with the Korean Beef Tacos and the Miso Eggplant. Both were delicious and oh so delicate I think someone must have very good eye sight and used tweezers to add all the tiny delicate flowers and micro veggies in the right places on both these dishes. The Eggplant is a must get dish, it's creamy eggplant flesh that's slightly sweet and laced with miso and sake and also  adorned with sesame seeds. I would say the same about the Tacos  that are just as delicate and are also highly detailed and ARE DELICIOUS. But I do think they should up the price a few dollars and give you more tacos because my photo doesn't show you how small they really are. They are smaller than street tacos and you only get two to share. They were delicious and delicate but they were only a very small taste as they are only two bites at the most.

We also shared the Crispy Chicken Mole, another must get dish. Like everything else the presentation of the food was EXQUISITE! The dish was made with really moist delicious Chicken and Sweet Plantains and pickled red onions to cut the richness of the mole. It wasn't big on crisp but was really oh so delicious and I sure wouldn't mind getting it again.

For lunch this was more of a splurge but this is the kind of place when you want something special and different. I thought dinner prices were reasonable as they didn't differ so much from lunch.

I don't know if everything on the menu is as delicious as what I tried but sure will come back again to find out!

The only thing holding me back from giving 5 stars are the tacos as interesting and delicious as they were. They were smaller than street tacos and you only got two for $7.00. For me I think either the tacos should become slightly bigger or they should up the price a few dollars and give you four tacos to share.

I note everything else I tried seemed in line with what it should cost.

Service was very welcoming and very efficient. 

I can't wait to try this place out for dinner!

4.5 Stars