Mexican restaurants are a dime a dozen, so I'm not usually looking forward to eating Mexican food, but a friend had recommended Viva Mercado and it worked out Saturday night that we could head over there while in Vegas for the weekend.  I AM SO GLAD WE DID!  

It was Saturday and there were a few parties ahead of us so the wait was to be about 30 minutes.  The place was packed.  Luckily, about 20 minutes in, a man asked if we'd like to sit at a bar table.  Why, yes I would!  So we headed into the bar area and I'm glad we did.  My biggest disappointment is I threw away my receipt somehow between yesterday and today and I cannot remember our server's name.  This is important because our service was outstanding.  Between our main server and the bussers assisting him, I felt like I was in a fancy five star restaurant.  My iced tea was kept full at all times, chips and accompaniments were kept full and empty dishes whisked away.  When we first sat down our server brought us chips and salsa and a small bowl of beans - I don't eat them, but my husband was loving beans to dip his chips in!  Then he asked if we like spicy food, we said we did.  he brought out a plate of freshly roasted jalapenos on a bed of grilled onions.  WHAT?  This never happens!  They were tasty and while spicy not too hot for me!

The menu is HUGE (too big!!!) but I finally narrowed it down to the tomatillo carnitas enchiladas.  I asked for my beans on the side so the husband could have them and they brought a massive plate of beans "on the side"!  My husband ordered steak machaca and eggs.  Both dishes ordered were a great size and along with all the chips and salsa, there was NO WAY we could eat it all.  I had mentioned to the husband that I thought it looked a little pricey for mexican food, but for what you get, it's an awesome deal.  We weren't drinking, so we only paid for our food and for both meals came out to about $34 before tip.  Oh, after we had boxed up half of our food to take home for breakfast, our waiter brought us crispy tortillas with cinnamon sugar and whipped cream to finish up with!

I know this sounds crazy, but this was one of the finest dining experiences I've had in Las Vegas and I'm there a lot and I like to eat good food.  I cannot imagine how there are negative reviews for Viva Mercado, because my experience was top notch.

The final kicker, I ate my leftovers for breakfast, MICROWAVED.  I'm a food snob and picky and I never eat leftovers unless it's like pasta or something simple, but this enchilada was so damned good, I wished I'd had more of them the next day.  Oh, we WILL be back. You should go there.