So good!

Really, everything here was just so darn delicious, I can't wait to go back. I think the only thing I have seen done 'better' elsewhere is some restaurants have homemade chips, but this is such a trivial thing that is doesn't affect my review at all. The complimentary salsa was wonderfully flavorful and the bean dip was the best I ever had. (I never really understood why beans were served with the chips - who ate that stuff? - until I ate here, and then I couldn't stop eating it!) While we were looking at the menu (the lunch menu), I noticed there was a choice of a complimentary sample of either salsas or toriados. The toriados was described on the menu as fried jalapenos, which didn't sound great, so we decided to ask for the salsas. But when the waiter came by, he automatically brought the toriadoes. When we told him we actually wanted to try the salsas instead, he said no problem, and brought us those as well. Winner! The toriados (which turns out to be both onions & jalapenos sauteed) were phenomenal, tender, delicious, (seriously might be the best sauteed onions ever) and the salsas were great fun to try, with different levels of spiciness, and all with their own flavors behind the heat.

I ordered a combination plate with a chile verde (pork) enchilada, a chile relleno, and a chicken tamale. I was a little surprised that the pork was in chunks instead of shredded, but no worries, it was so tender it didn't matter. Delicious. I actually haven't had a chile relleno before, so I can't really compare it to others. It wasn't my thing - I guess I am not a fan of the breading. But it was still pretty good. And I immensely enjoyed the tamale. It did not have cheese in it, which might disappoint some people, but this made it perfect for me. My husband ordered steak fajitas, and he said they were phenomenal.

We did also order two rounds of margaritas, rocks, no salt. I know some reviewers thought they were too strong or tasted like pure tequila, but we loved them. The first round was perfectly mixed, but as it was made with standard tequila, it was a little sharp (as expected). We had the second round made with one of the premium tequilas, and it was divine.

The service was great, and I enjoyed the decor. I liked the bits of hand-painted vines on the walls, and the artwork for each booth. I had been wanting to try Viva Mercados for a long time because of the great reviews, and I am only disappointed that I didn't eat here sooner. Like I said before: so good!