OK     Been looking for a local place for Mexican...      Just a casual, flavorful place that I can get great tacos and guacamole and not spend too much money.   So I arrived here at Viva and immediately was surprised by the inside of the place.    From the outside...   its unassuming and looks like it could be a local answer to baja fresh Chipotle...(did I spell that right?)    but its not that...      at all.     The dinning room features a long and inviting bar area and a lot of table space.   So much that almost half of the dinning room was closed off for the lunch service...   no matter.     The decor is warm with a hint of...    dare I say elegance.   (More on that later)

Ordered 2 margaritas and some guacamole.     We keep trying to find guacamole that compares to Segundo on the strip at the Fashion Show Mall.    So out it came...   a bowl of guacamole.    Now...     Having it made table side really makes a difference.   That said...   they didn't do that....   It comes the way it comes.     I like having to option to put a little more lime and heat in it when someone makes it for you at the table.     Listen, it was good, but i found myself wishing it had more of this and that.    Ah well.

Ok Margaritas...      I get it...     you?    a guy?    a margarita?    Ok don't judge me...    the wife and i wanted one...   we got one...   well kind of.    It sure looked like a margarita...   but what it was was likely 3 straight shots of tequila.   That's all fine and good, but I'm not a college student trying to get a girl drunk...      took one sip and ordered a coke    (OK it was a Diet Coke...   again don't judge me)    Here's where we take a turn.     After telling the waiter that it was Waaaay too strong and that I was not going to drink it...   it sat there...    full and mocking me from the glass for the entire meal.   I wonder...     Will I be paying for that drink that I didn't drink and complained about?   Hm

Food was good.   Wife got the enchiladas...   I the Caritas and they were good.   Very good.     and here is the kicker...    they seem to welcome you with little freebies like bean dip,   Fried jalapenos, and after everything they send out a little cinnamon type dessert.      Nice!     Classy!

Ok bill came and yes the drink was on it.     No worry...   I was a waiter in my youth...   I get how booze on a bill is great for your bottom line for tips and I realize that taking it back to the bartender would have been bad for him...    ok.    The classy thing to do would have been to take that one off the bill...   seeing as how it was barely touched and commented on early on in our experience.     

OK so about the place....      It feels nice and welcoming...    a little fancy.    Not what we are looking for.     Listen, I love a burger place, but its not fancy food and I hate a burger place that tries to be an elegant gourmet experience....    I feel the same about Mexican food.      I just want a place that is bright and casual and not fancy...   not so casual that were in baja fresh, but not so fancy either.     

I think I just wish that Segundo had a restaurant closer to us on the west side. 

All in all...   good food...   would defiantly do it again, but was not and is not what we were hoping for.      And hey guys...       when something is not good and commented on, just take it off the bill.     Don't make people have to be that person who asks to "Talk to the Manager" to do what you know is the right thing.