I haven't enjoyed a meal this much in a long time.  I'd been to Viva Mercado's once before, when it shared a parking lot with Walmart on Charleston and Decatur (or maybe it was somewhere else).  It was our friends' favorite Mexican, and we liked it.  Maybe it was the location, but we never went back.

Fast forward more than a few years, and this new incarnation, in a reincarnated shopping center with bunch of trendy restaurants, is a winner.  From the service to the ambience to the food, we couldn't have been more pleased.

Our waiter, who I think was named Alfredo, was exceptional. He recommended the sauce (Costeña) for my chicken, and it was spot on - rated 5 (out of 10) on their heat scale, and just the right amount of spice for me.  Like all the dinner plates, it came with a cup of tasty fideos soup, refried beans, rice, and some salad.  The chicken was so astoundingly good that when I took home half the dinner and couldn't have it the next night (due to a "previous commitment"), I was actually craving it!  I did manage to scarf it down the following night.

My husband had the Tilapia Salad and that, too, was terrific.  He didn't bring home any leftovers, but not because it was a small portion.

Sangria was supposed to have a "crown of brandy", but I didn't taste any.  I think the crown needs a few more jewels.  It's not sweet, which might be off-putting to some, but I was glad it wasn't syrupy.  While nicely decorated with an orange slice and a couple of pineapple slices, there wasn't any fruit in the drink.  The chips weren't overly salty, and we enjoyed the bean dip.

Our waiter gifted us with buñuelos for dessert.  Normally, I'd never order them, but who could resist the pretty, cracker-like triangles, drizzled with chocolate syrup and a dab of whipped cream, placed in front of us and crying out "Eat Me!"  We sure couldn't!

Since moving to Vegas a decade ago, Mexican food hasn't been high on our list of go-to places, but our recent first visit to Frank & Fina's, and now Viva Mercado, has upped the ante.  I can't wait to go back!