I had the misfortune of coming here during my annual trip to spring training. Much like most out of state visitors I ventured out after the game on our first night out looking for a little bit of the AZ nightlife. Unfortunately, I came across this unprofessional establishment. After hearing what sounded like old school hip hop coming from downstairs, as I drank at the Shout House, I rallied our group and headed to the front door only to be greeted by an obese, rude, imbecile door man. Mind you, I have partied at some of the best bars and clubs in Vegas and Los Angeles for the better part of 12 years with minimal hassle and even fewer A-hole door guys. Upon presenting our valid government IDs we were simply told that a member of our group could not enter despite being 22 years old. The "door guy", as he will be known as because he doesn't deserve a name, informed us that the ID was not acceptable by Calico standards without any further explanation to which I simply responded "ok, I guess they don't need our business," as he looked over his shoulder at the mostly empty business. We walked away without any further incident and walked across the way to McFaddens. As we reached the door, before we could even present our IDs, we were told by door security that we will not be allowed into their bar either. I politely asked why we were being denied and was informed that both bars are owned by the same company and that the door guy at Calico Jack's had called ahead and told them not to let us in. Apparently, we hurt his feelings in some way so he took it upon himself to put a damper on our night. Security at McFaddens went on to explain that vertical IDs, whether issued in AZ or out of state, were not accepted by any bar type establishment in the state. We chatted about the ridiculous rule and explained that we were merely looking to spend money and have a good time. My GF, thinking our nights in AZ were ruined, became upset and immediately wanted to go back to the hotel. I showed my Paramedic ID to the manager and reassured him that we are good people and  just wanted to enjoy our vacation. He offered to "take care of us" the following night and pointed me in the direction of Hell's Half Acre. We left for HHA and never looked back at either bar mentioned previously. Hell's had affordable strong drinks, friendly staff and awesome metal music. I even made friends with the security guard during my week long stay and became a repeat customer. CJ's is losing money because a minimum wage door guy doesn't have the ability to articulate like a normal human being nor the ability to give proper customer service. Maybe if he cared about keeping his job or keeping this place in business he would be polite to guests of this establishment. I would have been willing to plan a night out with just my GF and I for the sake of trying some place new but not after that experience. Who knows maybe he was just racist. This is AZ after all. I hope to return to spring training next year to see this bar replaced by something better. Look at all their poor reviews if you don't believe me.