Perhaps the new Mexican restaurant we have been going to in the SW (I reviewed them twice if you are wondering who I am talking about) has totally ruined me for other Mexican restaurants, but this place was really underwhelming. 

I was craving a quesadilla, and we were at the mall, so it seemed simple enough, head on over to Chevys. I have been here a handful of times, and remember it being fine, so I thought why not? 

To start the chips and salsa were pretty good. Only complaint there is that they don't give you very many at a time, and then you have to wait for them to come and refill multiple times (if you are munching a lot, like we were) so it is slightly irritating but not that big of a deal.

Hubby and I decided to both get quesadillas, me - Cheese, his - Steak. We didn't really pay much attention to the menu (I regretted that later) and just ordered. When they arrived, I was pretty disappointed as they were very small, and plated next to sad brown looking guacamole and sour creme sitting on wilted lettuce....not a great presentation for sure. However the most disappointing was the taste, it was just not yummy. I can't even put my finger on why really...the cheese?? the weird peppers?? I'm not really sure, but I have had quesadillas at a million Mexican restaurants and these were terrible when compared to those. They were very much like the pre-made quesadillas you see sitting out a buffet...just ick. I could only make it through half, hubby ate all his, but definitely didn't enjoy it.

The worst part was when we got the bill, my quesadilla was over $10 and his was $12....ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME? I know it was our fault for not paying attention to the prices on the menu, but ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME? Those are the lunch prices for those teeny, tiny things?!?! They were both made on the smaller soft taco size tortillas, folded over, so smaller than any quesadilla I have ever had at any other restaurant and $2-$4 MORE. SERIOUSLY disappointing. When the waiter came and took my plate, he asked if I wanted a box for the rest, I said no, and he didn't seem to notice or care to ask why I only ate such a small portion of the smallest quesadillas ever. 

Anyway, not planning on ever going back. I am still irritated about the whole experience several hours later. Food was 1 star for sure, extra star for decent service.