I used to really enjoy Chevy's - especially their chips and salsa!  (And their margaritas were pretty delicious as well!) 

We called ahead to find out what time happy hour ended and they said 7 pm.  So we bolted to the mall and took a seat at one of the high bar tables.

With two bartenders and it not being busy on a Monday night, it took awhile for us to get any attention - no menus, no water, no acknowledgment. 

When we were finally noticed, we asked what the happy hour menu was and he pointed to a flip menu (that the Husband had already grabbed from another table).  It didn't really have the details, so I helped myself to a regular menu.  He then made us feel so rushed putting our order in, especially if we wanted it during the happy hour time.  

After we put our order in, the chips and salsa finally arrived.

* Crispy Chicken Flauntas "Original Salsa Chicken, roasted red peppers, grilled corn and cheeses lightly crisped in flour tortilla.  Served with grilled pineapple salsa and our signature jalapeno jelly." - This was actually pretty disappointing.  I asked for sour cream, and got charged for it.  (They should really let you know.)

* Spicy Wings "Fuego-seasoned chicken wings basted in our smoky BBQ sauce served with ranch dressing." - Again, this was just okay as well.  The Husband definitely has had his share of better wings.

Meanwhile, our chips and salsa had been empty and no one offered to refill it.  Even a manager came by our table and asked how everything was and we said fine.  She didn't even notice that we were lacking chips and salsa.  (Obviously she came by out of habit, but really doesn't pay attention to her customers' needs.)  We also had to ask for refills on water.

And sadly, their chips and salsa aren't even great anymore.  I'm actually preferring Chili's version right now.

Overall, our bartender/waiter was just not good.  He didn't pay any attention to us despite us sitting so close to the bar.  We did notice another table of two getting a lot better customer service from a different bartender/waiter.  He checked on their table often, unlike ours.

It was just not a good experience and the food was just okay.  We probably are in no rush to go back any time soon.

Sidenote: Kids Eat Free on Tuesdays (one free kid meal with purchase of any regular price entree)