I am disappointed after tonight. 

We were seated quickly, the place was not busy.

My guy asks what kinds of Tequila they have (he hasn't been here) and the waitress snottily says,

 "We're a Mexican restaurant, reallyyyyy...?"

RUDE. You couldn't have told him a few of your best sellers, or any recommendations? 

Our waitress took our (alcoholic) drink order, but didn't come back with any waters. We were then approached by 2 separate servers trying to take our drink/food order. 

A few weeks ago, I was here with a girlfriend (DEC 27,2013). Their fresh fish tacos are done with Tilapia (gross to me) and last time I was able to switch it out with their Mahi.

By the time our waitress got us our drinks from the bar, we had gotten our waters. We asked our original waitress for lemon slices when she was ready for our food order.

I asked for the fish tacos, with the Mahi. She said that there might be a up-charge (there wasn't last time) but I told her that was fine. I didn't recall what my guy had, but it was a combination plate with floutas, a Chile rellaneno (I know I am completely butchering this spelling wise, sorry) and a chimmechanga.

After taking our orders, and our menus, the waitress comes from the back and tells me that her "manager said no to the Mahi." I grabbed another menu and ordered the Mesquite chicken tacos.

Still no lemon wedges. She walks around the restaurant. We ask another waiter, who Finishes cleaning a few tables, putting dishes away, and still gets us our lemons before she does. Ugh.

Our food comes, and it's good. I prefer their kickin chicken tacos, but those were discontinued, I guess. We asked for some sour cream, which they will charge you $1.30 for. Annoying, but whatever.

While we were eating, we saw the manager walking around, and usually, a manager will ALWAYS at least greet us and ask how our food was. This guy didn't.... Our waitress had no problem just kind of yanking our plates out of the way. It must have been a bad night for her.

Meh. It makes me sad to write this review. Food was good, but service and management are not on the same length.