I watched this place sit idle during the Great Recession and then was so pleased to see something going in there when the economy improved.  Toros Spanish Kitchen & Gaming is a good addition to the small shopping center.

We stopped last night and had dinner.  I had looked over the menu online but I wanted to look at theirs in house as there were other items than the tapas I'd seen online.  Our server brought iced tea.  We had to wait a bit to catch the server's eye to get some Sweet 'n Low but eventually we got it.

The complimentary toasted slices of bread were nice.  I used it more for a pusher than anything else.  

I ordered three items to start_an order of sautéed mushrooms in garlic and sherry wine, gnocchi with shrimp in a garlic cream sauce (I thought I'd be able to sneak the shrimp past my wife), and last, an order of croquetas with ham, cream cheese, and béchamel.  

The winner of the trio was the gnocchi with shrimp.  When my wife got to the one shrimp I hadn't been able to screen out with the spoon, that was all for her.  Score for me--I finished the dish.  The gnocchi were soft and the shrimp, although small, were good.  It was a nice combination.  Next, the garlic mushrooms were really good.  Sautéed nicely in garlic and sherry, the mushrooms were very good.  The disappointing dish for me was the croquetas.  They were very light and had hardly and body to them yet it was difficult to pick them up.  They broke in half.  There was not a béchamel sauce but a marinara like sauce.

We decided not to order more.  The three dishes were filling--well almost.  We ordered the chocolate lava cake.  It takes 15 minutes to make (the menu states this clearly so if you're in a hurry, order early).  The lava cake was rich chocolate cake with chocolate sauce and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  A nice way to end a good dinner.

Service was spotty.  Our server seemed to be nowhere in sight for much of the time while the server who had the tables on each side of us seemed to be at those tables all the time and the place was not that crowded.  During dinner, the owner came around to ask how things were and the personal touch is always appreciated.  It's also very good business.  The spotty service kept me from giving Toros four stars.

I thought the pricing was very fair.  If you subtract the desert we had from the bill, the total would equal about what I paid for 1 person at another tapas place and I left hungry.  Two of us ate for the same coast and we left without feeling hunger.

We need to come back and try some of the other dishes.  I also need to come back with some friends and without my wife.  There are items I'd like to try from the menu that she won't eat!  Her loss.  Time for a UYE?