My husband and I went here after a day of looking for houses in the neighborhood, loving tapas we fantasized about this being "our spot" when we bought a house nearby.  
The decor is a little odd, flags all around the bar, and near 100 or so pier one type tin lanterns with the stars punched out (you know the kind...).  Booths all in one corner, and large enough to fit 8, I personally don't like high tops, so sitting here felt super odd.  
We sat waiting for a waitress to come over for about 5 minutes while it wasn't busy at all... not the end of the world, but something you defiantly note the first time you go somewhere new.  Being a spanish tapas place I ordered chicken nachos and my hubby ordered the chorizo, meatballs, and bacon wrapped dates (all tapas).  I know that tapas are served as their done, but being that nachos are chips on a plate, cheese, and then into a salamander to melt i totally thought those would be first.  No wrong, all 3 of his dished were served at the same time the bread was brought out... like literally less than 5 min after ordering.  I thought it to be strange at first, but upon tasting it was clear this was all reheated food.  The chorizo was hard, like the texture of a giant slim jim that had been left on a counter for a week.  The dates just rated off, almost as if the oil they'd been fried in had dent been changed in quite a long time.  The meatballs didn't gross me out as the other two did, but hey, you can keep those sitting in sauce and it'll keep well.  
I had moderate hopes for my nachos as they were hopefully freshly prepared being that they were not served immediately.  nope.  
Now its not hard to make nachos, as described earlier.  When I ordered I asked if the optional chicken was shredded or chunks, and our waitress said shredded, I was expecting the type of cooked in a salsa, until the chicken falls apart shred.  This was like canned chicken sent through a food processor, more baby food than "shreds".  
In addition to this, the plate consisted of chips, shredded cheese(not fully melted btw), and olives. No peppers, no salsa, no sour cream, a plate of chips with cheese, olives and chicken.  
So none the less we won't be back, I can't see where these good reviews came from, we did go on a sunday afternoon, so maybe at the slower times you get the crappy food? I don't know.