I'm writing this review on behalf of myself and Rob, my boyfriend, since I carry the Yelp torch in our relationship. We discovered Tortilla Fish during one of our late night trips to Walmart. We totally drooled over the idea of a little taco shop (Rob especially, as he loves tacos from San Felipe). We promised that we would go back during business hours.

Yesterday, we were in the area and decided to stop at Tortilla Fish. Not sure what to expect, we walked in to Tortilla Fish's TOTALLY ADORABLE little restaurant. The walls are blue with some fun subway tile, with lots of beautiful photos. Clean and cozy are two of the words that come to my mind. I got so excited when I later noticed the sea shells in the subway tile. So cute and original.

The employees were really friendly, especially when we told them it was our first time in. They gave us recommendations, told us about their best sellers, and even gave us some sauce combinations to try. Supremo customer service at this place.

I ordered two shrimp tacos and a cup of water. Rob got the full taco, a fish taco, and a soda. I think the total came to $15.22, which I thought was quite reasonable for two people. The tacos were $2.99-ish each, so I could easily see spending more than $15 if you came in HUNGRY.

Our order came up after only a few minutes, and OH BOY! The shrimp in my tacos were HUGE and there were plenty of them. Two thumbs up for emphasis on the SHRIMP in shrimp tacos. The fish in Rob's taco was stacked so high, he grabbed a fork (but didn't end up using it except to clean out the dish when we had finished).

I used the avocado and cilantro sauces on my tacos, with cabbage and onion and fresh cilantro, and all I can say is YUM YUM YUM. And the corn tortillas? Brilliant. Very soft and tasty-- though a word to the wise, if you plan to overload your taco with accessories, the tortilla may break (which, for most of us, is no problem. Give me a fork or I'll eat it with my fingers. Tastes good all the same). Lastly, I really appreciated that the contents of the salad bar are clearly fresh; they looked pretty and tasted great too. 

Rob LOVED the full taco and the fish taco (to quote him, "all that was missing was a beach with no surf"). He used a combination of pico de gallo, cilantro sauce, and (I think) the extra spicy salsa. We were definitely a fan of this little place, so I think we will be returning soon.  Rob and I  say four out of five stars and would definitely recommend if you are in the mood for some clean, tasty tacos.

PS: Don't forget your phone in the car, because you get 15% off your order with your first Yelp check in. No worries, I will save it for our next visit!

-------------Update!---------------
After writing this review today, and then reading it over with Rob, we decided to go back to Tortilla Fish for lunch. That's right, less than 24 hours from our initial visit, we returned. And AGAIN, the food was delicious.

The employees remembered us, said "Welcome back!" and thanked us. A+ guys. Thank YOU!

I tried the fish taco today and WHOA. I think it is my new favorite. The fish was so moist and delicious it melted in my mouth. Topped with cilantro and avocado sauce and fresh cabbage, onion, and cilantro again, definitely a win.

Also...do yourself a favor and get the french fries. No, seriously. When one of the  employees said "We have the best fries I have ever tasted" I was skeptical, but I think he's onto something.  These fries were EASILY some of the best I've ever had, if not the best. They're a nice size and density, and are even a little flakey on the outside. Serious and overwhelming yum for these fries. Oh, and for a tasty treat, drip them in the chipotle sauce. Really flavorful and smokey. Thumbs up, all around.

Rob had two full tacos this time and was just as pleased today as he was yesterday. Bumping up to a 5 star from my original 4. Tortilla fish, we'll DEFINITELY be back.