Today I decided to stop by one of my regular favorites. 
Of course I had to rate it 5+ stars, it's been an excellent trip every time I've stopped by, and enjoyed some of the best Mexican food I've had.
La Tolteca, is an all in one stop for what you need food wise. They have a small grocery section, to where you can even get yourself a 40-quart tamale steamer, obviously you can use it for other uses as well. They sell masa, and anything else you would need to make your own dishes at home. 
They have an extensive bakery with fresh baked goods that they are continuously bringing fresh baked goods out. They make cakes, flan, tres leches, and many other delicious desserts, and can customize an order for you and make you anything you'd like. They even have samples available, and of course I'm one of those guys who goes hog wild on samples :)
They have a meat section too, to where you can get 1/4-whole chickens, ribs, and other meats. They make fresh guacamole, queso fresco, and many other delights.
Their food selection is huge, and it would take me awhile just to try everything from the 5lb super torta, he super burrito, soups, breakfast items, and many other foods.
They even cater!
Today I had my usual, three mini cabeza tacos, refried beans, and horchata.
Their cabeza is the best I've had. It's juicy, crisp, flavorful, and not greasy in one bit unlike most places that make cabeza.
The beans were delicious and moist. They weren't dried out of pasty like you may find at some quick stop Mexican restaurants or chains.
Horchata is great no matter where you go.
Prices are inexpensive no matter what you get, and for someone on a budget like myself, it's a great deal. You can fill yourself up on food and not break the bank.
I highly recommend stopping here and trying something new, it's not some Taco Bell so don't come in here expecting some Americanized garbage. This is the real deal.
I know for one, I will be back, maybe to try something new, or to have some more delicious cabeza.