With so many places to eat Mexican food in Phoenix, this is my absolute favorite for Mexican casual dining. The staff is friendly and remembered me the 2nd time I ever came in, and every time since.  The ambiance and decor is fun and the food - oh the food is amazing!  I have brought several people here who doubted my claim of "best in Phoenix" and they all left agreeing with me.

I confess that I tend to stick to a few favorites and always over-order, but it's all so tasty!  Their super nachos are much more "super" if you put carne asada on them instead of the standard ground beef.  I had never had elotes con todos (corn with everything) before coming here, but somehow, steamed corn on a stick with mayo, chili powder and cheese is a winning combination. Who knew?  There is no way to eat this corn daintily but it's so good that I don't care.  I can floss later.

The carne asada or carnitas soft tacos are consistently high quality but the real reason I pilgrimage here from clear across town is the fish tacos.  The mahi mahi is perfectly seasoned and flaky, with homemade tartar sauce and queso fresco.  I personally skip the rice and beans because they do use lard in the beans and that doesn't always sit well with me.  The salsa verde from the always well stocked salsa bar is noteworthy and good on nearly everything and just a few drops of habanero salsa on my fish taco is enough for great flavor and a little kick without totally setting my insides on fire. If you like ceviche, try the tostada de ceviche - a great little value for the price - shrimp, avocado, onion, tomato and lime for under $3?  I couldn't make it for that cheap!

The latest development at La Tolteca is the construction of an outdoor BBQ grill just outside the entrance closest to the parking lot. Perhaps this will reduce smokiness inside from the somewhat poorly ventilated indoor grill.  That would be great.

Before you leave, be sure to pick up some churros and a fruit empanada or two, or even some arroz con leche (rice pudding) at the panaderia (bakery). Even if you (like me) ordered too much and don't have any room left for sweets, they're just as good as a late-night snack once you get home.