I have a new favorite Mexican restaurant.  Well, Tex-Mex.  And I'm thrilled that it's close by in Tivoli Village.

We were here first for a milestone birthday party.  The drinks - Margaritas and Sangria - flowed constantly from pitchers served by the wait staff.  Knowing it was going to be a long night, I gave up the Margarita after downing the first half because it was really strong - and really good! - and I'm the self-designated driver half of our family.  The Sangria was great, too, but a little less potent.

While the food may have not been totally representative of a regular dinner at Laredo, since it was served buffet-style, it was delicious.  There was excellent guacamole on the tables (regularly made table-side to order), and the hot food was changed up a few times during the evening, so I sampled quite a few of their items.  I was impressed by just about everything.

The room the party was held in was in the back of the restaurant and not fully closed-off.  I've been to dinners held at some other restaurants in the area that are in back rooms completely separated from the main space (Roy's, Gordon Biersch), and I might have been in Peoria, since the decor and charm of the restaurant was nonexistent.  At Cantina Laredo, I felt as if we really were in the restaurant.

Service was exceptional.  The waiters assigned to the party were efficient beyond belief, constantly removing plates, refilling drinks, and were also very friendly.

The good service continued when I returned a couple of nights ago with some friends to sample Happy Hour, which runs till 7 p.m.  

We shared a Queso Fundido, a melted cheese platter with chorizo sausage, and it was as good as any I've had in Mexico.  Two friends ordered taco platters, which were three small tacos piled high with fillings.  Along with the drinks and the Queso Fundido appetizer, it made for a woman-sized meal at a very reasonable price.  I ordered the crab cakes because the waitress said they were sauteed rather than fried.  The taste was good, with just a little kick (could have used a bit more), but the texture was totally mush.  I doubt whether I'd order them again.  

My CasaRita, for $5 ($1 extra for the cranberry flavoring), was stronger than I expected at Happy Hour prices, but since I was having only the one drink, it was good.  Very good.  There was a glitch with the two glasses of wine my friend ordered.  Before ordering, she asked the waitress what red wines were included in the $4 HH price, and was told that it was the wines listed for $7.50 on the regular menu.  But when the bill came, her two glasses were $15.  Seems that THAT wine wasn't included, a little fact the waitress neglected to mention.  But the manager adjusted the price, and I hope he offered the waitress a tutorial on HH wine prices.

The atmosphere is modern, with very little to suggest an ethnic restaurant, but I love all the stone and other decor.  This is a place I hope will be around for a long time!