My hidden agenda for updating this review is to plug the Cascabel Rib-eye. It went off-menu more than a year ago but has still been available every time I've asked for it. I don't normally like rib-eye... a tender and flavorful cut but too many fat globules. This is an exception... leaner and marinated in a mild, delicious cascabel chile sauce. Please ask about it!
  
I've sampled a lot of other dishes (OK.. I steal off my girlfriend's plate) and recommend the Enchiladas Veracruz... but most of the entrees are very good.  

  I'm a bit surprised at some of the negative reviews critiquing  things like rice. I've never had that 'Dam... that's some mighty fresh Spanish rice' moment.... anywhere.  In my 20+ years in Scottsdale, I've been dragged to larger Mexican chain restaurants so frequently it's like aversion therapy: Re-fried, re-fried bean spackle and cold Mexican rice that looks like its been re-served one too many times ( there must be a huge factory for that stuff). Tenderized leather fajitas and greasy chimichangas with scooped sour cream and imitation cheese stuff. Oily chips and tomato paste salsa. The food at Cantina is much better!

  At Cantina, I often get sides of zucchini and squash (sauteed perfectly and crisp) and sliced new potatoes with cheese. When I've had the Spanish rice, it tastes like... Spanish rice.  The chips at Cantina are always fresh and the salsas much better than the chains... the overall food quality and taste is much better in my opinion. 

  Sure... $10 for table side guacamole might seem like a bit much especially vs WalMart... but the prices overall are fairly moderate. Plus the table side guacamole and brownie (the latter is delicious!) are a fun, touristy thing to do. Most guacamole tastes bland to me without spice... the few times I've had it here, it's been very good!

The service at Cantina does vary on occasion... but is on average better than similar places and I rarely wait long to be seated or served. The exceptions are usually when there are large private parties... 30-50+ people. Overall, I recommend it!