In the interest of full disclosure, I am a regular at Cantina Laredo. Don't ask me why it has taken so long to write my review, but as I have said before, sometimes you need to try a place out several times before you can give them an honest review.

My first shout out is to the staff, many I know by name and who know my name as well. There is a reason someone becomes a regular, and the staff at Cantina Laredo has done exactly what you need to do to get customers to come back again and again. 5 stars goes to the staff, and very well deserved it is.

The food is really quite good, but there is the rare occasion when the kitchen sends out something that just doesn't appeal to the eye, even if it tastes great. Sorry guys, but presentation matters. As I said, this happens only on a rare occasion, but it is the reason I cannot give a full 5 star review.

Tivoli Village can be an adventure when it comes to cuisine. Some places serve amazing food with top-notch service, some places have pretty good food at really good prices, while other places charge ridiculous prices for some really marginal food. But fear not, it's really very easy to tell these places apart - just take a look inside to see what kind of crowd they have. 

Some people slam services like Yelp, claiming that average people making reviews is completely untrustworthy, as if regular people don't have the ability to recognize quality and service. But if you walk around Tivoli village on an average day during happy hour, the crowds in each restaurant very closely match their Yelp reviews. Some restaurants are nearly dead, while others are filled to the brim. A closer look at their Yelp reviews will tell you all you need to know - the average person really does know what their talking about.

Cantina Laredo is one of those places that is filled to brim during happy hour, because they serve good food at great prices. It's still funny to me to see their patio filled up with smiling people, while its neighbor's patio is completely empty - but then I shouldn't be that surprised,  I've had their neighbors food.