Our meals were OK and service started out well and then went downhill.  I should have paid more attention to the reviews of my two friends on Yelp.  Live and learn.

We were here about 4:15 yesterday afternoon and there were very few people there.  We were seated immediately and brought menus and drinks.  The chips and salsas were brought and our server explained that the warm salsa was spicy and the cold salsa was not spicy.  The chips and spicy salsa were good.  The chips are very thin and I found I broke several in half dipping them in the salsa.

For our dinners, I ordered the Tacos al Pastor.  Here's the description from their menu:  Spicy pork with pineapple, pico de gallo and cilantro.  My wife ordered the Tampico which is described as: Grilled chicken breast topped with sautéed artichoke hearts, mushrooms, spinach, red bell peppers with sour cream-poblano sauce and monterey jack cheese.

My tacos were just OK.  The biggest problem with them was there was only one taco.  When I get tacos like this at genuine Mexican places, they're always doubled so there's some body to help hold the filling.  With my tacos and the single shell, the pico was wet enough that it softened the taco and made it almost impossible to pick up to eat.  I did eat the first one that way but I was awash in juice.  The pork was OK, but the spice was a heavy coating on the pork.  It was spicy but other than that, there wasn't a whole lot to recommend the tacos.  I also thought of the al pastors I've gotten from street vendors on East Charleston for a fraction of the cost I paid.  Stupid me!  With my tacos came rice and black beans.  My wife liked her chicken and it was as described.  It's the kind of dish you might get at any Tex/Mex kind of restaurant.

Dessert was the star of the night.  I got the très leches cake and she got the Mexican brownie.  My cake was excellent.  Her brownie came with a bit of table side ta da!
The brownie was placed on a very hot cast iron dish safely in a recessed wooden holder.  Then the vanilla ice cream was put on top of the brownie.  LAst, the sauce was poured over the ice cream and when the sauce hit the hot dish, it bubbled and made a kind of extra buttery syrup that added to the flavor of the brownie and ice cream.  

Now to service:  Up until the time we got our meals, everything was going along fine.  Then our server disappeared.  She came back once and asked about the food and then was gone again.  10 minutes after we finished our dishes, she was nowhere to be found.  The host looked at us several times and it seemed as though he was going to get her at one point but that was not the case.  Finally she showed and we asked about a box and asked about dessert.  She said she'd get the dessert tray and be back.

Again she was just gone.  About 5 minutes later, another server stopped and asked if we wanted a box.  We told him we'd already asked for one and then he brought his tray down to show us the desserts. We made our choice with him.  A few minutes later, our server and this second person arrived with the desserts.  She stood by as he did the table ta da for the brownie.  Then she left again.  About 6 minutes later, she came back with the check and just put it down.  

When I finished dessert and we had some time to relax and talk, I got my credit card out and put it in the holder and within 10 seconds, she was there to pick it up.  Wow, Speedy Gonzales then but not at the needed times.  

I really like Tivoli Village and there are some other restaurants there that I have yet to try.  But, Cantina Laredo won't be one of them.  We have so many small places along East Charleston that there's no reason to ever go here again.