I used to come here a lot. Good food and drinks.

BUT..................

For whatever reason this place is taking the "I'll overcharge and under-deliver" approach to profits. Shame for such a large chain.

When fajitas first came on the scene years ago, they were tasty, spicy and peppery. A real taste sensation. Something different. Well. maybe unbeknownst to me they are going through another change cause these beef ones were terrible. The spiciness of baby food. And onions? Yes, green peppers... i might have seen one and no red to be found. 

We got one order with extra beef to share. There were enough black beans for maybe one good taco - not two people sharing. The rice was....just rice. No seasoning, none of the extra elements they usually add to Mexican rice like carrot slivers, peas or chilies. Again, no flavor.

For the Guac and sour cream, again, maybe enough for a Taco Bell taco but NOT for a place like this. I'm thinking a 1 oz (maybe a 2 oz) scoop at the most.

For $18 (plus $3 for the extra beef? WHERE'S THE BEEF?) there should have been a better meal and less disappointment. Hey...it's mostly starchy beans, rice and tortillas so $50 a pound for the beef seems a bit stiff. I'm not demanding when i go out but there's a limit to how much charity I'm willing to give out when i dine.

THEN... i got home and saw the itemized bill. WOW..... We had four HOUSE margaritas. Maybe it's been a while since I've had a house 'rita but we paid $32 for four of them. $32! I could have bought a nice Patrón or enough Casa Herradura to do the trick for $32. $8 a piece for what was watered down lime juice on ice should be an embarrassment to this company. Sacrificing customer satisfaction and loyalty for the price of a few drinks.....sad.

One small element of our visit was that there was a larger party. With the poor acoustics in the room, it was extremely loud for a nicer dining venue AND our waiter spoke in such a heavy Mexican accent, all combined... tough to communicate. Management of a quality place needs to keep on top of a lot of things and this place...doesn't.

Bottom line.... I think not. Can't imagine when I'll go back as there are too many options in the Mexican food category. Save your time, money and appetite for somewhere who will appreciate your business. There were too many things wrong with this visit to make it worth a repeat performance.

Hasta luego baby - nunca