I was almost ready to give Spotted Donkey the coveted 5 stars, but it occurred to me that I was most likely wanting to give that 5th star because I had not eaten anything resembling Mexican food in over a month!  So reason won and I'm going with a very strong 4.

Not your typical menu of tacos and enchiladas smothered with a cup of melted cheese and swimming in grease.  Not that there's anything wrong with that.  Nothing beats good Sonoran fare in my book.  At Spotted Donkey you will find chimis and enchiladas on the menu, but also cornmeal crusted mahi mahi and pan roasted pork tenderloin.  

We started with the chips and salsa.  I have to say I was not all that impressed with the chips.  They reminded me more of a bigger version of Fritos than a thin and crispy chip I prefer.  Served with a trio of salsas, my favorite was the charred tomato followed closely by the green tomatillo.  The pineapple habanero may have been tasty, but one bite and my tongue was so swollen I lost all sense of taste for the next 15 minutes.  My husband managed to eat a fair amount of it, however.  I attribute that to his southern roots and exposure to moonshine at the age of 6.

His entree was the chipotle honey-glazed grilled salmon tostada.  With a black bean mango salsa and avocado vinaigrette, it was quite good.  The only thing negative...it was seriously undercooked in the middle.  Had it been mine, I would have sent it back.  I know there seems to be a trend of rare fish being served, but if this was intentional, the server should ask how you would like it prepared.  I smartly chose the mesquite roasted port antojito...like mini tostadas but served on a thicker corn "cake" that is fried.  The pork was perfectly lean, perfectly seasoned, and quickly devoured.

For dessert we shared the ancho chile brownie sundae which was served with both hot caramel and hot fudge sauces on the side.  Expecting to prefer the chocolate sauce, I actually did not.  Although it had good flavor, the consistency was off and there was a little separation.  I am not usually a fan of caramel, but this sauce was ridiculously good, with a strong hint of salt coming through.  Had it been served with nothing but a spoon, the dessert still would have worked for me.  The ancho chile brownie was fantastic, although I maybe would have preferred just a touch more of chile in the background.  I would be hard pressed to go back and have any dessert other than this one.

I loved the atmosphere at Spotted Donkey, loved the food, and had fantastic service.  The underdone fish was the only reason it didn't make the 5th star this time around, but I would definitely return.