My husband and I went to SDC for the first time last night.  The décor is absolutely gorgeous and you can see into the kitchen from the dinner room which is a big plus in my book.  We decided to sit outside since it was so nice last night and the outside seating area was beautiful as well.  Since we had never been to the restaurant before we had a lot of questions about the menu and our waitress happily answered all of them.  Our waitress was absolutely amazing.  She was the best server we've had in years.  She spent a lot of time answering our questions and just chatting with us which we both appreciated.  The service and atmosphere was a 5+, if I could give our waitress 10 stars I would!

I must say that most of the food was a 5.  We started off with the jalapeno shooters.  The presentation was adorable and my husband and I both agreed they were the best jalapeno poppers we'd ever had, not to mention the jalapeno ranch sauce they come with, it's delicious!   I ordered the tacos with shrimp, he got the cheeseburger.  I think they were the best tacos I've ever had.  The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the toppings were a perfect match.  You could taste every flavor, nothing was too overpowering.  I think the portion was huge, I took two of the four tacos home and had them for breakfast today!  My husband went crazy over the burger.   The burger is HUGE; the quality of meat they use was exceptional as well.  My husband never eats leftovers, we usually take his leftovers home for the dogs, but not this time.  He only ate maybe a third of his burger and when I mentioned how happy the dogs would be he said no, he was going to eat it the next day!

So you may wonder why 4 stars instead of 5.  If I could give 4.5 stars I would.  There were just a couple of things I would change.  I didn't like the rice that came with the tacos, I felt it was lacking flavor.  It wasn't bad but when you put it next to something as good as those tacos it just doesn't make sense.  I think next time I'll ask for double beans instead of rice.  The other thing we were slightly disappointed with was dessert.  We got the Mexican chocolate fondue.  Again, it wasn't bad but it was just average compared to the rest of the meal.