It was Girls' Night Out, so where to go for dinner?  One of us (not I) is a high roller, so on the way to the Strip she phoned the Players' Club at MGM to see if she had enough comps for dinner at Diego for the three of us.  She did, and then some.  I'd gone there for my birthday last year and loved it, so I expected to have a good meal.  And we did!

The decor is beautiful, and the menu is many notches above your typical combination-plate Mexican joint.  Our waiter was efficient, but not terribly personable, even though I spoke to him in Spanish (and I am not just another gringa - I lived in Mexico).

The three of us shared an order of taquitos.  Normally, I skip anything deep-fried, but these looked too good to pass up, so I indulged.  Thin, hot, crisp, and not greasy, and covered with - but not drenched by - that divine Mexican crema and a good sprinkling of cotijo cheese.  Yummy!!

We shared a Chiles en Nogada salad.  I expected a very small portion for the $9 charge, but it was a full bowl:  mixed greens, thin slices of granny smith apples, walnuts, and a bunch of other stuff.  The high roller wasn't crazy about it, but I and my other friend loved it.

We also had an order of Queso Fundido.  This typical Mexican appetizer is usually just cheese and ground chorizo.  This one was truly special:  it had a few more things included, and was amazingly garnished with squash blossoms (flor de calabaza) - unheard of in the U.S.  Served with perfect, warm corn tortillas, it is not to be missed.

For our main course, we shared the Carne Asada tacos.  A large plate with the roast meat, grilled onions, black bean puree, and rice were accompanied by more of those corn tortillas that were so authentic (and so unlike the rubber we're accustomed to at other places), that I felt as if I was back in Mexico.

Coffee is served with a little cup on the side containing white and brown sugar cubes and an ample amount of thin slivers of dark chocolate.  It's supposed to be melted into the coffee, but I had it sort of as a little dessert.

We left well-stuffed and very happy.  I would have loved it even if I had to pay for it!