OMG save your money go to Taco Bell. Decided to try Lindo's newest NW location on Tropical. NW area is still lacking good Mexican food. Thought Lindo would be the answer...............Not!.. Decor is nice..Went for lunch. Was promply seated which was good..then things went downhill. Was asked by four people what we wanted to drink..none was our server. Omar was a server..I think he needs to go back to making "tents" He could barely speak english and this must of been his 1-2 day on the job. Each thing he did, he needed to check with someone. He needed help taking our simple order. Simple order 2 Tacos and 2 Enchalidas. He couldn't seem to understand that all I wanted was 2 cheese enchilda's. He kept asking me if I wanted beef or chicken. Told him i wanted just cheese,onion and olives. After the second waiter explained it to him he seemed to finally understand. They serve you some chips,salsa and bean dip while your waiting for your order. It's ok, wish the chips were warm. They are very attenative about re-filling your beverage glass, as long as coffer or ice tea. Order arrives..Tacos...rock hard thick shell w/ dried shreded beef..I think the beef was cured in Death Valley. You also get some crispy spanish rice and re-fried beans, actually the same beans as in the bean dip with a spinkling of cheese. Enchaladas. A very garlickly sauce..All the cheese was on the outside, nothing inside..Onions and olives...none. Had to ask for them. When Omar returned he had the onions, but said they didn't have any olives. Which I found a bit strange because I saw them on a taco salad. They try to hustle you out as soon as possible. Removed the utinsils I didn't use from the table, before I was half way thru our meal. Removed the chips,salsa,bean dip when Omar presented us with our check. 
Spoke w/ the general manager before I left about our experience. He said he was sorry and would work with our server. But I have no doubt he was just blowing me off. Offered to comp me a future meal. Assured him that was not necessary as I had no intention of ever eating at one of their restaurants again. You'll get more bang for your buck, and better food if you go to Taco Bell...Order a platter meal..