Has anyone seen the South Park episode where Cartman goes to "Casa Bonita?" Well, this place is the same thing, just with no tall diving board or pool. That would be cool though. 

Lindo Michoacan sits a top a hill that has a great view of the Las Vegas strip from Henderson. Seriously, fantastic view of the strip and even more awesome at night. I came here on a suggestion from a friend and decided to bring the entire family along. First off, this place is huge; tall ceilings, large dinning area, and a large bar with a window view. Lindo is also very loud with live music playing and giant bells ringing (reminding you there's a birthday happening with 50 feet), plus there are kids everywhere. Kids are usually a red flag for me to turn and run out, but I had about eight people with me so escape was not an option.

We sat down and immediately ordered table-side guacamole and margaritas. They have two versions; spicy and regular, we ordered two of each and we're amazed to watch two servers on each end of the tables churn out this green pile of goopy goodness. By the way, you automatically get chips, salsa, and bean dip at your table when you sit down. I lived in SoCal for quite awhile and was privy to a lot of guacamole and Lindo ranks at the top of my guac loving tastebuds. My favorite was the spicy version; great flavor, creamy with crunchy texture, and just enough spice. Highly recommended! 

There were a lot of dishes going on at this table, but let's focus on me because...well just because. I ordered the Chili Verde Pork plate; it was both fantastic and huge! This plate is made up of pork that is slow cooked in a green chili sauce for hours until it pretty much melts in your mouth. The pork was super tender and also came with homemade flour tortillas.These were perfectly chewy and soft. I rarely can't finish my meal, but I was stuffed by the fourth bite. Yay, for midnight snacks! 

The service here was impeccable and the atmosphere was fun. Great place for families and a possible low-key date night. I might be back for few a cocktails and sunset view of the Strip.