Overview: This is the perfect place for someone who likes Mexican food, but doesn't really like Mexican food. The food is tastes but it's not amazing. The atmosphere is really fun and great for groups. Plus the city light views at night are awesome. 

Chilli relleno: Usually this is my go-to choice when I'm eating Mexican so, being from Tucson I've had many amazing rellenos in my life. The ones at Lindo are just okay. The breading is pretty soggy and the cheese inside the pepper is not always melted and there isn't a lot of cheese to being with. 

Guacamole: this is something Lindo does amazingly. I would come here just for the guac. It's the perfect balance of onions, jalapeños and cilantro. And the avocados they use are always top notch ripe. Not fruity at all. So, so good. 

Vegetable Fajitas: this is another one of my favorite dishes. I was surprised when they brought out the vegetables and there were carrots and cauliflower along with the sautéed peppers and onions. A little unconventional but they were all still very good. Their tortillas, flour and corn are both super good so you can't go wrong with choosing either of those. 

Margaritas: the peach margarita is really delicious. But be warned, all their margaritas are very sweet, and can be strong so you can get yourself into a heap of trouble if you drink then too quickly. Overall, they are worth it. But if you are looking for less sweet and more lime, look somewhere else, or ask specifically for what you want. 

Other things that you can look forward to here are the refried beans and salsa they bring out to your table with tortilla chips as an app are super good. I could fill up on chips and beans alone and call it a night. 

All in all, if you are looking for Mexican food for a good price, but you want to sit down in a fun restaurant, this is the place for you. But if you are looking for authentic, super high quality, you are better off trying a different spot. Lindo provides, quick, yummy, comfort, Mexican food, good views, a fun environment and relatively strong drinks. So you won't be in awe over your meal but you will leave happy and full.