Man, I dont know what it is but lately I have been having bad experiences. Last place I went to had good food but bad service. Here I had both bad service and bad food. Im hoping the next place I go to I dont have bad anything. 

So me and the wifey come here on thursday around 9:15 pm for a late dinner. Since these guys close at 11, we were thinking we should get decent service and decent food as well.

What I got was the Carne Asada Plate ($18.95). It is a thinly cut of New York steak. Comes with refried beans, rice, guacamole, and flour tortillas. My wife got a Shredded Beef Enchilada ($4.50) off the a la carte menu.

Before our order comes out, we are given a basket of chips, bean dip, and salsa to munch on while we waited. I guess we were really hungry because we devoured it in like a minute. Like all other Mexican restaurants, I assumed these things were endless. As our server walked by a couple times to refill our drinks, he never refilled the the chips and dip. So maybe I was wrong about my assumption. Until I saw the next table get another batch. Hmmmm. Sad to say the chips and salsa were the only things with great flavor.

We get our main entrees and it looks delicious. But turns out the steak was bland. The only things that had any kind of flavor on my plate were the grilled jalapeno and small spoonful of guacamole. I had to dip the steak in what little left of the salsa that was provided with the chips. My wife's enchilada was ok but it was obvious that it was microwaved as evidenced by the some of the enchilada sauce surrounding the burrito was crusted. You know when any kind of sauce gets microwaved too long? Yup. Thats how parts of the sauce were. 

Service was just a tad below mediocre. I think the table next to us got chips and salsa refilled twice. Not to say that we could of ate that much as well but like I said before I was used to these places constantly refilling those things without hesitation. It also took a while for us to get our check and for the receipt to come back so I can sign it. 

So in closing, maybe we just came at the wrong time? Maybe we need to get to the original location off of Desert Inn? If we do, hopefully the food and service will be much better. Until then, im not sure if I want to come back to this particular location.

Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #146 "Should of just ordered chips and salsa"