I've been here more times than I can recall, since my fiancé and I frequent this spot with his family for birthdays, Mother's Day, and Father's Day yearly, and with their large menu, I'm never bored.

I've also had the opportunity to sit in different areas of the restaurant, my favorite being near the windows and wonderful view of the valley. The service has also always been wonderful. Prompt refills of beverages and the complimentary chips, salsa, and bean dip! The food arrives quickly too. General manager, Gerardo is extremely kind and so accommodating. I've made reservations with him and he comes through with the best table in the house for our special occasions!

The food is where I'm a bit torn. I've had really good dishes and I've had "shrug-worthy" dishes. Like I said, I'm never bored - it's always an adventure to try another dish and not knowing how good it'll be with just the short menu description. Primarily, the dishes lack proper seasoning (a little salt can go a long way people!) and that takes away from the complex flavors. However, the dishes that I've enjoyed had developed the flavors completely and thus, were very memorable.

One dish I have really enjoyed was the POLLO en PIPIAN. A juicy chicken breast filet served with a delicious Aztec mole (sauce). The flavors in the sauce are deep and just create a different experience for your chicken. Lately, I've been gravitating toward the "Especialidades del Mar" (specifically the shrimp) section and I'm glad I made the leap! They use large Mexican Gulf shrimp and it is always prepared perfectly! Fresh, juicy, succulent, with a nice bite. I really enjoyed this preparation in the CHILES RELLENOS de CAMARON where the shrimp was sautéed in olive oil, white wine, onions, tomato, cilantro, and jalapeño. A big heap was then placed on top of two roasted pasilla chiles, then topped with cheese. Delicious!! 

My fiancé and I always order completely different dishes, which is wonderful since I get to try things I wouldn't think of ordering and it normally turns out that his selection is more tasty than mine! I like to think that this is because he's not as concerned about ordering healthy dishes as I am, not because he's a better "orderer" lol. Anyway, I can't remember his dishes (not does he), but there were several we have both really liked! Essentially, we don't order the typical Mexican-American fare of burritos, nachos, enchiladas, or fajitas. I did order their Chimichanga once and that was a mistake. Perhaps these items are not their strong points? Either way, I like the specialities with moles or diabla sauces, meats sautéed in olive oil, lemon, and white wine, rather than slathered in cheese.

Overall, I always have great dining experiences here. I never have to worry about long waits, lacking service, or really bad food. I am torn between three and four stars since my food experience is inconsistent, but my likelihood to return is very high, thus four stars.

BTW, they are extremely busy on holidays!! I suggest making a reservation, if possible, or expecting a little wait (it's never been long). Also, the parking lot across Carnegie has been opened for restaurant patrons, so you don't have to resort to parking on the hilly street (which we have had to do many times in the past).