When you first walk in to Fat Boy, you might not expect much. With less than a dozen seats and maybe 4 or 5 tables, the place seats only about a dozen people or so. There's nothing fancy in here, just a menu board on the wall, a little 19" TV and a soda fountain. But this tiny restaurant on the East side of town, just off Lamb & Stewart has got something way more important than that...killer food at crazy good prices! 

One of the other great things about Fat Boy is that it's also a family run business. On our last visit the owner was behind the counter taking orders and cooking, with his son running food out and busing tables. You can really tell they enjoy what they're doing and working together, and the love they put into their food shows. We've been here a couple times now and have gotten nothing but friendly, fast service.

The menu here has got a quite a few things on it. Some of the items are cleverly named with the restaurants theme, like the boygers and boyrittos. But that's just the beginning of a long list of things offered here, including salads, pizza, wings and fingers. I've been here a couple times now, each time having a burger and fries, but we've heard good things about other stuff on the menu. They even offer family meal style things like a 4 pack of burgers with fries and soda for a just tad over $20. It's hard to find this quality of food at the price. All the burgers are handmade and never frozen. 

I usually go with a pastrami burger and get the larger monster patty. For about $6, this is easily one of the best burgers you're going to get in town, especially at the price point. I normally like to have my burgers done medium rare, but I don't believe different temperatures are offered. Even still, the meat is tender, juicy and seasoned well. The pastrami is sliced evenly and piled on high. A slight toast to the bun gives a nice little crunchy texture to the whole thing. I also like that they just top it lightly with a bit of mustard and onion so that you can taste both, but it doesn't overpower the flavor of the burger or pastrami. They also have pretty decent fries and it's a huge plus for me that they let you choose between skinny or fat fries. We've tried both the chencho fries and pastrami chili cheese fries, both were ok, we just weren't huge fans of either. I like the fat fries the best and they are good enough on their own if you ask me.

All in all, Fat Boy is a super solid 4 star option for a great burger, sorry...boyger. If I lived closer, I'd probably go here over most fast food burger joints in town. And with such a large menu, I'd imagine you could host an awesome football party or something similar without spending a lot of dough either. Even with as far as we live, I wouldn't hesitate to come back. The foods great, the service is great and the prices are great. You can't ask for much more than that!