Dined here when out of town since we were looking for a good Mexican place in a neat place to dine with our younger cousin. Barrio Queen it was!

Our dinner experience started out with us waiting a while for the waitress to come by. Long story short: good (albeit pricey) food, neat ambiance, AWFUL customer service. The latter is enough to make us never come back.

We ordered several entrees and one of almost every taco to share. Really good chips, salsa and guacamole. My favorite tacos were the nopales and rajas tacos - great for vegetarians and for gluten free people like myself. Their horchata was also really good - although $5 per glass is REALLY steep, even for Scottsdale standards.

After slow service but an otherwise pleasant meal, we gave our waitress our credit card to pay our check and that's when the %&*# hit the fan. We waited for over 20 minutes for them to come back with our credit card to no avail. It wasn't until we looked over and saw about 5 people with flash lights and knives in a commotion, including our waitress. When she saw us looking over, she finally came over and told us she lost our credit card since it had fallen and got knocked under a large generator behind a wall. Accidents happen, sure, and we would have been TOTALLY UNDERSTANDING  had she apologized and said they were trying to get it out, however the first thing that came out of her mouth was, "so I'm sorry, I'm going to need another form of payment" to which my husband responded he would like to pay with the credit card he gave her. She then became upset and said it was an accident, and got even more mad when we asked to speak with a manager. At this point we have been sitting there for over 30 minutes.

We were heading back home the next day and having to potentially cancel the credit card on which our rental car was on and flight would be a great inconvenience, and could not wrap our heads around how neither the manager nor the waitress thought this was a big deal or how they could not conceive why we were upset. They asked us to "come back later" as they continued to look for the card but asked that we put down another card for them to charge in case they did not get it out. In hindsight, we shouldnt have done this. After going down the street for some dessert they finally called us to come pick up our card. No apology again, no nothing. 

With so many good Mexican places in Scottsdale, no need to visit this place that seems to completely disregard customer service. First and last visit here - which is a bummer considering their food was pretty good.