As with many places in Scottsdale, especially in old town Scottsdale, which is very much a "survival of the fittest" sort of place for restaurants, there was at least one prior culinary resident of the location in which you will now find this establishment. It was a restaurant with a focus on New Orleans style cuisine and more on the higher end of fine dining while Barrio Queen definitely, while still having that sort of old town Scottsdale polish from being in an area filled with high incomes, it also has a more casual New Mexico/Arizona sort of feel that I think is a distinct positive. It also has quite a bit of outside seating which unfortunately was filled up when I went by with friends around 3 pm, and so we ended up being seated inside which, at the same time, gave me a chance to watch the operational capabilities of the servers and waitstaff.

First of all, and this may have been due to some sort of festival going on in old town Scottsdale, but the workforce seemed stretched a bit thin relative to the amount of customers. My table ordered drinks and app and then the drinks were finished and...no waiter....I finally got up (and this is why the inside table was good) and just ordered from the bartender directly to get a fresh set of drinks. So, don't know if this was a one time thing or or a more common experience for diners but something the management of Barrio Queen needs to watch. I will note that the bus staff was quite helpful and nice to see how they worked to sort of fill the gap, keep the table clean of used glasses and dishes, offered to bring fresh silverware, etc.

First off, the drinks, the regular margarita is okay and $3 a glass during happy hour and you can get Sangria (red and white) by he pitcher for about $20 and same for the margaritas. I wasn't overly impressed with the sangria roja and my friend had the suave made with jalapeno infused tequila and fresh fruit juices, not my thing but an experience. Overall all cocktails were between $8 and $12 which is a fairly reasonable price for this area.

As for the food, for the appetizers we had the choriqueso, which is sort of a Mexican cheese fondue with crumbled mexican sausage. The chips are not corn chips but fresh fried quartered slides of tortilla that stand up well to the melted cheese dip. We also had the guacamole, which tends to be of a melange of guacamole and red onion and about $6. I would raise the price a bit and provide more guacamole and honestly, wasn't too jazzed on the guacamole recipe and think they might want to check out the guacamole at Mucho Gusto in Tempe as a comparison, which stands out, for me, as a significantly better mix and also, the chips at Mucho Gusto, for whatever reason,  a lot better.

We did have the family style entree which is for two or more and comes with unlimited supply of epazote black beans (quite good, big thumbs up), mexican cole slaw (seems like it had lettuce and tomatoes in it, more like a soggy salad, not really my favorite but good for you), and the these small, fresh made, street taco size corn tortillas and wow, those are amazing....they are fresh made and taste like it and to me, that is a real stand out that you don't see at other places. Canteen on Mill, which mades great street tacos, doesn't have one's like these and the fresh made corn tortillas are worth a visit, I give big kuddos to Barrio Queen for offering this sort of fresh authentic fair.

Finally, for the entrees, we had the mole, which is shredded chicken in a mole sauce. My friend who loves mole sauce said it was good but overly oily, whatever that means, but I thought it was doesn't though I'm not a big lover of mole. We also had the barrio pollo, which comes in a cream sauce with green peppers, I thought that was good, though the chicken was in strips, not shredded, which would have been better. Finally, we had the cochinita pibil which is slow roasted pork with pico de gallo and pickled onions and it was fairly good.

So, back to the review, 3 starts because well, at this experience, the wait service just wasn't all that great and it may be my only experience since a restaurant I do love, the herb box, is within walking distance but I think that over time as long as management is self-reflective, this place may continue to improve. I'm looking at Alex F's review from 02/23 and see he went when they were not busy and the service was still not great. Well, if they don't get the service situation down, especially in the highly competitive market in which this place is located, in a year or two we might all be reviewing whatever new eating establishment has taken the place of this one, such is the life of restaurants in old town Scottsdale, and boy will I miss those little fresh made corn tortillas.