In a Gist: This is truly a "meh" experience. The food is average given the price range. The ambiance and service are also not features to scream about either. Given the fact that Barrio Queen does not take reservations, nor does it call you when your name is up on their wait-list, this is simply not worth it in my mind. 

Accessibility: Drive and park. I was in Scottsdale for one night so I don't know what public transit/walking to this place is like. 

Ambiance: Meh. It's really nondescript. They have a pseudo industrial feel going on with bottles of tequila in metal framing throughout the restaurant but that doesn't really do it for me. 

Service: Meh again. They were more or less on top of their game but my water did not get as much attention as I'd like. If I were to lump together putting our name on the waitlist, going to another bar, returning 45 minutes later (we were told it was a 45 minute wait) and finding that we had to wait another 20 minutes because our name was called and we weren't there, then this would be downgraded to a "nope". I realize they expect us to sit there (and perhaps spend money at their bar which had not room for us to stand at) but most places call you (as in phone call) when your name is up.

Food: 

I had three tacos for ten dollars. As others have mentioned, these are small tacos. I'm talking about two normal sized bites per taco. Unless you're only slightly peckish, three is not enough. The tacos are also unremarkable. Edible, acceptable but nothing special. Since I was still a bit hungry after my three tacos, I ordered the flan for dessert. Also meh. Perhaps I'm holding it to too high of a standard (my last flan before the one I had here was absolutely superb). Worth the 6 dollars I paid? Maybe. Maybe not.

Overall Assessment: It should be fairly obvious from my review. This place is the epitome of "meh". Nothing exceptional. A general let down and waste of time. I regret not having stayed at Second Story Liquor Bar where we had drinks while waiting for our dinner as well. The food and menu looked much better than the Barrio Queen (I know it's not the same style but this isn't going to quench any desperate Mexican food urges).