I have been to this Garcias on several occassions, and each time the quality and service gets worse and worse. 

In general, they serve "cheap", large-portioned, Americanized versions of  Mexican food that are swimming in a pool of oil from the loads of cheese and fryer oil that has been dumped on. If not oil, then everything else is wet from a sauce of some kind from being added on (e.g, enchilada red sauce).

We visited on 9/26/14 at 7 pm with a group of 12 who had made prior reservations. We were seated in the furthest most corner, next to a group of 40, and a second group of more than 20. The noise level was deafening. We were given one glass of water each, two baskets of chips for the tables, and were made to share salsa out of a 2 oz plastic condiment cup for each 2 people. 

Twice we had asked to put in a drink order for margaritas and daquaris. The first time the waitress forgot, and the second time, the waitress got the orders mixed up. The bussers were not able to take drink orders because they were under 18 and could not handle alcohol. 

After the hour, we had our water glasses refilled for what would be the only time of the evening, and then our orders were taken. Fourty minutes later, the staff dumped the food on the table, then quickly left. The chicken enchilada was served as a beef enchilada, which had a strange texture to it, and the cheese enchilada was served as a chicken enchilada. 


Excuse after excuse was made for the slow service. "It was a slow night so we sent staff home early", which makes absolutely no sense, unless a group of 40 shows up with no prior notice..and then followed by a group of 20. This restaurant was well aware of their capacity levels and are not able to service all the seats they have inside.

When the checks finally came, we had to wait 20 minutes before they were paid, because no one would pick them up. I had to get up and flag down the manager Gloria, who gave the same lame excuses  - although she made no apologies or attempt to make up for any inconvenience we had. My complaints were quickly shrugged off, and I could feel her uncaring attitude and desire to just have us pay and leave.

These people treat their customers like this because they can -- they serve low-quality food in bulk to people who have no expectation of service. If someone does complain, they can make up for it in quantity with other guests coming in. 

I would suggest you save yourself the headache, and go for somewhere more authentic --- like a Filibertos. 

This place is just down right horrid. Stay away.