El Fish Taco is a taco, burrito, tostada restaurant located in East-ish Las Vegas by McCarran and UNLV. They advertise their seafood dishes a la "fish" tacos and their agua frescas aka fresh waters like Jamaica and Horchata.

They have a $4.99 two taco and fresh water lunch special that my best friend has been raving about. I stopped in for dinner to a mostly empty restaurant. I think it's super cute. The cuteness even overflowed into the presentation of the food. They have baskets with different hot sauces in them on the tables, a wood plank theme, and outside seating. They had one server working whom also did hostess duties, and presumably some kitchen work.

The prices are very fair. They have unique items, the food is fresh, and the space is updated. Most of the tacos were $3.50-$4.50 depending on the ingredients used. Having a couple would definitely satisfy a light lunch or dinner.

The complimentary fish soup comes out in a metal shot glass with a handle and tastes delicious with a squirt of lime to give it some freshness.

The food came out on a wooden plank/tray with the tacos on holders. I believe the tortillas were house made by the way they looked: rustic and imperfectly round. 

The food was good with the tostado being my favorite. It was topped with a cream sauce and loaded with a diced octopus, onion, and citrus mixture. The poblano taco had grilled fish, corn, and poblano peppers. The other taco was spicy with chorizo, potato, and shrimp. The shrimp was a little over cooked so the flavors were a little muddled but I still enjoyed it.

With a horchata my total was close to $15. For 4 items I say that's not bad at all.

Would I return? Yes. The price is right, they have captivated my taste buds to try the whole menu, and the food was good. I can't say much about service because I didn't need much. They set a cute pitcher on the table and napkins were in the basket so I was pretty easy to deal with. With that said the lady working was pleasant.

My one negative was the horchata. It had an unfamiliar floral flavor to it that was off putting. I didn't even drink half of the small cup. Being a first timer it would have been nice if they explained which salsas to eat the tacos with, as they served a red and green salsa next to my tacos. Aside from those two things I listed I can't give them a five because there was a some wow factor missing from the food. It was good but not amazing.