After a long day of Christmas shopping, my party of four was looking for a great burger. We mentioned this craving in passing to the guy behind the counter at the watch store and rather than sending us to Zin Burger directly across the way, he pointed us to Black Chile Mexican Grill. He implored us to try the burger.

I was skeptical from the start. It was a Mexican Restaurant in the Biltmore Mall with fancy water glasses and as far as I could discern, not an iota of Mexican flair. But Holy Crap! I've never felt a more overwhelming satisfaction with any other burger I have ever had, anywhere, ever. I'll start on the outside and work my way in...The Bun was sweet, slightly toasted, warm deliciousness. The taste and texture reminded me of those delicious King's Hawaiian Rolls. The sweet and soft of the bun was the perfect contrast to the chipotle mayo. Smokey and creamy, I found myself so addicted, I asked for an extra side to dip my fries. Next came a fresh and incredibly robust pico de gallo. The tomatoes literally burst in my mouth. Ohh so good. I love avocado on a burger but sometimes find it superfluous. Here, it made sense and added a fantastic creamy balance to the spicy above (chipotle mayo and pico de gallo) and the hot below, (melted manchega cheese and hot, juicy, perfectly seasoned medium rare beef.) I cannot overemphasize just how good this burger tasted. It has been almost a month since I had it, and I am so entranced, I'm on Yelp, writing about it!
In addition to the spectacular burger, we got a generous portion of good shoestring french fries. Crisp, hot, and nicely done. 

I know I started with the entree, but I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the appetizer that the waiter insisted we try. It is his "favorite thing on the menu". And had that burger not been so spectacular, I might have to agree with him. The cotija grilled corn is a revelation. I'm so glad I was among friends. We ate that corn like ravenous dogs on a giant bone. The mild cheese, the spicy rub, the bright citrus, the smoky char....this is how corn was meant to be enjoyed.

I've waxed pretty poetic but what gives with the 4 stars? Well, the service was less than great. I asked for a water refill at least three times. I ended up draining my husband's and my own before the waiter finally reappeared near the end of my meal. The other reason for the missing star? Billed as a Mexican restaurant, I didn't have a Mexican dish. I'd feel pretty lame if I sent people on a hunt for great Mexican food and recommended a place where I ate the burger.  But I'll be back, and if I can convince myself to try something other than the burger, I might be able to add a star.