Pretty much everything Lindsay B. said, with a couple of qualms.

I started off with chips, salsa, and guacamole. The chips were a bit stale, but had a delicious flavor nonetheless. You could tell they were homemade. The default salsa was AMAZING, perfectly spicy, and you get a pretty big container of it. The guacamole kind of irked me. I don't know if it had too much lime and was sitting around for a few days, or not enough spice, or a combination of the three, but something was off about the flavor, and it tasted too limey. I'll have to give it another shot next time and hopefully I just got part of an off batch.
I then moved onto refried beans and some rice. The refried beans with queso blanco were just right. The rice was really bothersome. It was bland and had a green bean in it. Green beans do not belong in Mexican rice, which makes me suspect that the rice came from a frozen rice mix or something.
And now for the stars of the show...
The potato taco (street style). Holy shizz, this thing was absolutely mouthwatering! I am pretty sure that I am going to start having dreams about this taco. I also got a vegan soyrizo street taco, which was perfectly spicy and smoky. And as if I didn't already have enough food, I also got a shredded chicken street taco. The meat was tender and moist, and tasted like good chicken should when it is minimally spiced and cooked properly. 
Oh, and they are very generous with cilantro on everything. That alone gives them like, 100 points. 
There isn't much to say about the restaurant itself, it's tidy and small with minimal seating.
Overall, come here. Come eat lots of chips and salsa and then stuff yourself with some great tacos.
I'm pretty excited for my next visit, where I plan on trying the flying saucer (whatever it is, I am intrigued), a Tijuana Street dog, burritos (even though i'm definitely more of a taco person), and a hardshell taco (shrimp, perhaps?). Good job El Burro, 8.5/10 in my book. Pretty damn good for Pittsburgh Mexican food.