I've been to this location a couple times, but I don't normally seek out Roberto's since I rarely visit Mexican fast food joints and if I do, I prefer Faustos. My recent visit was based on convenience and I thought I'd give it a whirl again to compare. 

I have been on an Al Pastor kick for the last couple months, so I immediately began searching for my favorite pork. Since I couldn't find it on the menu, I saw "marinated pork" and asked to verify. When I asked the cashier if they offered Al Pastor, she responded, "Yes" and directed me to the Adobada. So, I ordered an Adobada burrito for myself and Adobada Nachos to share with my friend.

As it turns out, Al Pastor and Adobada are NOT the same thing. Al Pastor is pork marinated in dried chiles, spices and pineapple, then roasted on the vertical spit. Adobada is generally pork marinated in a "red" chilli sauce with vinegar and oregano. Adobada can refer to any type of marinated pork, so people can technically claim it is the same as Al Pastor, however, the vinegar in Adoba sauce and preparation of Al Pastor makes a big difference in flavor. 

Who knows if Faustos serves real Al Pastor when it could just be Adobada (the possible absence of the vertical spit)? Either way, Roberto's Adobada does taste different from other Al Pastor I've had in town. I concluded it was not different in a bad way, but rather just good in its own way. The flavor was great! I really enjoyed it with the nachos (I think I may prefer their nachos to Faustos, slightly). The burrito was good as well, but I was surprised that it was accompanied by just pico de gallo and guacamole. However, I don't order burritos often, so this may well be the norm. Their tortilla was yummy and I loved the crust they put on it from the flattop. 

My verdict is that Roberto's is good in its own way in comparison to Faustos. I like Al Pastor slightly more than Adobada, so that may be the deciding factor of where I choose to go. Oh, I did enjoy the salsa bar here much better because of the additional fresh vegetable choices!