During honeymoon and spell of marital bliss we used to frequent this Mexican eatery in Chicago. As soon we were seated two Sombreros with ten gallon hats would come and serenade out table with "Guantanamera.-Wahila Gauntanamera"  I advocate this for any newly married since the tequila was intoxicating, the music lilting and the food was delicious and we couldn't wait to get to our nest.. This was the old days. Circa 2013, Las Vegas (Spanish for The Meadows)  is inundated with  Mexican restaurants in every corner and the one with the good ambiance somehow don't make it in Vegas (people don't seem to have class or taste anymore?). The Mexican food scene is changing to Food Trucks in every gas station and there is no room for ten gallon hats.

So when you hear about a new classy Mexican eatery you are attracted to it specially when it is authentic Mexican food., This location was previously  Elephant Bar, Inca and then El Patron. They all failed not to the poor location-no traffic after dark hence not enough dinner crowd.. But El Patron closed not because of the traffic but a victim of recession. 

Hacienda Del Ray, is probably the Best Ethnic Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas. This is not for Gringos who frequent taco bell and other bells or hyped up Mexican eateries who serve cheap and massive plates filled with sourcream and cheese and more oil than the spill in Alaska, but for some one who appreciate good food, the cleanliness and ambiance and even patio dining. and there are not many Mexican places with patio dining. They need good entertainment to draw the Gringos. Karaoke draws a cheap crowd and one of the singers sounded  like mating call of sea urchin,

I tried "Fajita Hacienda" with Chicken, Shrimp and Steak. and it was outstanding not to underestimate the Margarita on the rocks-the frozen was so so. I hope this place makes it since it is owned by a chain and they have money to spend on advertising and promotion. The service was excellent and If I write too much it will sound like I am patronizing which I am not. I find out this is a franchise and they have branches in Westchester, CA and Playa Del Ray, CA. And that is a Plus.