19th Ave. Scene?  

Like a Los Guerrero luchador from El Moises street art, Poblano is up from the canvas, bouncing off the ropes and not accepting its potential fate.  I have no idea how I can make the wrestling metaphor stretch any further, so I'll gear down into my normal boring blather.  

March 23, 2012,  I picked up cheese enchilada and chicken mole (that's pronounced mo lay if you're an English-only snob) dinners, poblano chile soup, horchata ("or chaw taw" if you want to make sure you get a good cinnamon-flavored rice drink), corn tortillas (giving you a complete series of body-building proteins when eaten with frijoles) and a tres leches (three milks) dessert.

Like my college educated, naturalized neighbor Mike said three years ago, "Get out of our way, and we'll give you an economic recovery."  Mike's construction business morphed, came off the ropes, and survived.  So has Poblano.

The poblano soup was delicious.  Medium textured, lightly sweet, very mild.  The portion in the take-out container large enough that half is still in the refrigerator.  I'm not sure how normal chunks of chiles are in one's poblano soup.  Our soup was textured with small pieces.  Overall it was excellent.    

I'm no mole gourmet, but I have cooked mole so hot it was inedible; at best, politely edible.  One portion of that meal, the remainder sitting in the 'fridge, slowing morphed into a colorful, hairy, science project on air-borne organisms.  

Last night's mole was noothing like that.  It had sweetness, mild heat, some star anise background 32nd notes, plus the whole star anise clove to back up the flavor.  Lots of sauce.  

The rice was tender, fluffy and flavored beautifully, going well with the queso fresco covered beans.  Lots of mole for mixing with all and dipping those thick, small tortillas, just like abuela makes - in her factory.  It was delicious.  

Sweet D was very happy with her enchilada plate.  Again, deliciious rice and beans, plenty of mild delicious sauce, the enchilada tortilla shells generously full of queso panela.

I fell asleep talking on the phone to my Dad, so have no Tres Leches commentary other than it is a pretty litle fist of a cake, its white top of icing criss-crossed with a chocolate grid.

We both agreed things haved changed for the better.  Poblano is higher on our list for a special Mexican dinner when the rest of the family's not with us.  

Friday Night Bonus!

It was open mike night at Poblano March 23, 2012.  

When I arrived, a guitar playing gentleman with a high, clear tenor voce was crooning a really sweet ballad.  I was put off at first, thinking it was a private party, because I'd never seen so many cars out front.  The tables were full of people paying attention to the performance on the tiny stage by the south window.  By the time I'd picked up a menu from the full-service bar, finished texting and ending most of the day's business, an elderly woman was on stage mesmerizing and silencing the crowd with a story.  I was too pre-occupied to try and follow her  Mexican language story line.  She then valiantly crooned a song of her own, making me believe I had a chance at an open mike night.  By the time I was about to leave, a comedian singer who said he was good as Vicente Fernandez, but left his good pants home was taking the stage.  Tuve que volver a mi casa, so didn't stay for the singing part.  There's potential on the West Side people.  I found a spark, and a place to volver for another good traditional Mexican meal and home-style Friday night entertainement.

There was also Poblano branded salsa for sale, red gingham cap on the jar lid.  The brilliant white takeout bags were all sealed with Poblano brand stickers, which I thought was a nice touch.

Why no five?  I'm sitting here at 3:30 AM, just downed four onzas of effervescent name brand heartburn remedy and I'm waiting for my normal inner cool to prevail.  Mole does that to me sometimes.  I also got a small bit of cartilage in my chicken.  There was enough canela molida ("Ground cinnamon" for us border region English-only snobs) to cure any diabetic symptoms I may have this month.  That's not a bad thing at all.   It was ground much coarser than I remember from my earlier horchati imbibed here.  I'm a fine-ground cinnamon snob.  The taste didn't rock the world of my taste buds like it usually does.  But, the straw was the oil derrick sucker rod kind of straw I should have received last week at La Condesa for consuming my fracked fruit stand gourmet horchata.

So Poblano, and company, keep wrestling with the minor food quality issues, and Sweet D and I will return for another round.

Sé que quieren un cinturón de Campeonato de lucha libre con el número 5 de esa hebilla gigante. Muchos de ellos.