I was afraid that maybe this place wouldnt be that great but I actually really liked it. I booked a table for a bachelorette party I was hosting. Never having gone here, I was not sure what to expect and if this would be a great place to have some drinks, good times, and get a little rowdy. It turned out to be the perfect place. Our waiter was cute and fun, the atmosphere was really nice yet casual. Next time, we will have to sit on their beautiful patio. And the food and drinks, unbelievable! Sure, its not traditional mexican food that you would find at some of the smaller joints in town and was a little higher in price, but it still tasted very good and the portions were still big enough that most of us didnt finish. In addition to chips and salsa (which were complimentary), we ordered some guacamole. I would say this was some of the best guac I have had and my friends loved it too. The salsa and chips were great as well with the salsa having excellent flavor and the chips being thick and crunchy. My friends ordered the pork taco's and ceviche while I opted for the beef short rib enchiladas. The girls loved the tacos and ceviche! Having tasted the ceviche, I concur that it was amazing. My enchilada's were very good as well with the enchilada sauce being very tasty and the meat was really tender and had a great flavor. The rice and beans that accompanied the entrees were ok though nothing really special. The rice was basically buttered rice which of course I like but we all felt it didnt belong with such a magnificent meal. What they should have served was more of the carrot cilantro salad that was on the plate as a garnish. Now this stuff was beyond amazing even though I have no idea what it was! For drinks, we all had different drinks. My friends loved their traditional margaritas, pomegranite grapefruit margarita, and cucumber fresca. I decided on the white peach and hibiscus margarita and although sweet, I couldnt stop drinking them! Cap the night off with some of their flan (which the waiter brought complimentary) and shots of patron tequila and we were happy campers. Im not usually a flan fan but this flan was really good and almost had the consistency of a cheesecake. and patron, well you know patron. All in all, my friends were extremely happy with the restaurant and it was a great start to a really fun and crazy evening.