Sonoran style Mexican food fit for a drug cartel kingpin! 

Pre-dinner chips and salsa are deliciously different. Unlike other chain joints, here, the chips will remind you of your last trip to Sinaloa; thick cut and deep fried to dark brown perfection, not the lightly golden chips served at most chains.

Salsas are unique too. A red and a green with surprisingly good (and different) flavors. At some point, I started mainlining the green with a spoon as my wife looked on in horror.

My spouse ordered some kind of combination dinner plate, number something or other. Who the fuck knows. I never listen, being much too focused on my own order and what delicious goodness awaits.
I should have listened.
My machaca plate was good, but hers, hers was the shit, causing me to break-out out the puppy dog eyes in hopes of a few mercy bites.  

Another thing I'd like to point out; this isn't Scottsdale. It's Southwest Phoenix and not a great neighborhood either.
Here's some cheap advice from someone who was born and raised in this hood:

If you come here, taking-in the experience much as a tourist visiting Mexico for the first time would, do yourself a favor.
Don't look around all judgy at the wannabe fashionistas, and don't EVEN look anyone directly in the eye, particularly the men.
There's always going to be some guy on a Friday night who's perro-borracho and all too willing to yell at you from the next table, solemnly inquiring as to just what the fuck your problem is.
Your 'problem' is you're not Mexican. You're a gringo, affluent and sticking out like a teen dining at Golden Corral. 

Affluence of any sort doesn't play here. 
May I suggest jeans and a Tecate t-shirt for the gentleman?

For the lady, a pair of skin tight jeans, and a clingy, all-cotton stretch top.
You might wish to suggest these makeup guidelines as well: 
 
1. Pencil thin eyebrows, the apex nearly touching the hairline. (Use medium tip black Sharpy for best results) 

2. Pacific blue eye shadow, covering the eyelids and extending well into the crow's feet. Go ahead, be generous. 

3. Tons of eye liner, extending well into the temple area and finished with a nice curly cue.

4. A faux tatoo on the back of each finger. L-O-V-E on one, P-A-P-Y on the other.

Think of this event as dress-up night. A themed party with some great Mexican food. 
It'll be an absolute hoot!

Note: As a consolation for making mama dress-up like Rosalita in 'Latina Sluts 7',  allow her to bring her Louie bag. No-one will have a clue what it is or how you paid their combined annual wages for it.