Me and a couple of girlfriends ate here twice this weekend.  After scouring the restaurant area for places to grab a relatively inexpensive meal, we chose to go Mexican.

Both times we ate in the bar lounge area which is this cozy room decorated with these big, unoffensively pink tiles, a wall fountain, and a floor to ceiling shelf full of the devil's elixir - tequila!

The service was super friendly.  During our second visit, I had to give props to our server who was doing his best to convince us to try sipping tequila.  There was the slight possibility of doing shots preceded by a few "never again" stories.  That prompted our server to go into his sales pitch about the joys of reposado tequilas, however, no one was really mentally or financially ready to take the tequila drinking to the sipping level.

We opted for pitchers of the house margarita both times, the second time being with strawberry flavored one as touted to us by the Herradura girl who had giving us free samplings of it.

On to food, Diego's serves up a tasty guacamole that seems to be fresh-made.  Their chipotle wings are a-may-zing.  I don't even really know what makes chipotle chipotle but if it's supposed to be sweet and yummy, I like it...a lot.  I ordered those off of the happy hour menu on the first day, and on the second day I had their steak caesar salad. 

The salad was light in that they didn't drown the lettuce in the dressing, however, I could barely make out the flavor of the dressing.  So I couldn't tell if it was "Mexican-ized", traditional, or if it was just plain bland.

Their chips were okay, nothing memorable.  They were addicting only because they were in front of my face, but when I go to Border Grill at Mandalay, when I'm with people, we usually tear up basket after basket after basket.  The salsa was just okay as well.  No kick and nothing special but not offensive.

I mostly loved the atmosphere and that it was a chill place to be out of the crowds of people.  It didn't hurt that they have an exceptional coconut flan, with a nice, creamy texture, served in a pool of melted sugar.  The happy hour prices and food choices are decent (for the strip).  I'd check this place out again if I ever find myself at the MGM Grand in the future.