I've been wanting to try this place for a very long time! I finally got in there yesterday night and I'm already itching to go back.  It was a Sunday around 7:30 and the place was about half full. My friend and I were both first-timers, so we decided to sample a few appetizers together. We shared a pineapple tamal with the green sauce that was delicious. In retrospect I think I would have liked something with cheese better (bean and cheese/ spinach and cheese were two options of the day that I wished I had gone with), but the green sauce with the tamal was fantastic. I can't wait to try their different varieties in the future. At $4.95, I expect I'll order the tamal appetizer every time I come here. 

We also shared the chile relleno appetizer, which was good but not too exciting. We got it with half green half mole sauce to try both. Their mole sauce is delicious and has a lot of depth of flavor, but the peppers themselves were underwhelming and there wasn't enough cheese for my taste. We still ate all. of it. I also got a mushroom taco, which sounds a bit strange but was actually delicious. My friend got the barbacoa taco and loved it. $3.25 is a great price for tacos. 

The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars in my book is the chips and salsa. I'm finally over the fact that you can't get complimentary chips and salsa at any Mexican place in the city limits (unlike most places I have been to outside the city), but when I pay for an item that many places are giving away for free, I expect to get a decent portion. Although it's only about $3, the portion of salsa they give you is really disappointing. It's a tiny little bowl that I think should actually qualify as more of a ramekin. No big deal overall though, just a lesson learned. Pictures on here seem to indicate that cheese and guac come in more appropriately sized bowls. I guess it's just the salsa. 

Overall I loved it and I can't wait to go back and try something else. I actually wanted to go right back today, but they are closed on Mondays! bummer.