We first visited Verde on their opening day, for dinner and it immediately ended up on our short list of favorite place in our neighborhood.

I've been waiting for this place to open since I first heard of it, and I know they were dealing with all sorts of delays thanks to City of Phoenix. So when they finally opened, I think the whole neighborhood rejoiced!

The building's exterior makes it easy to find - on 3rd street and Garfield, you can't miss the big grafitti art on the back wall, or the bright green facade at the front. The owners tried very hard to build it out as eco-friendly/green as possible, and if you want to read more about it, you can click this link and read this write up in the Downtown PHX Journal, written just a few weeks before it opened: http://www.downtownphoenixjournal.com/2010/04/21/fast-casual-core-verde/ There are other articles online, but most of them just talk about the food, or nit pick on one or another detail. This one gives a good overview of the building and their story.

Now the food... My husband ordered the Green Chile Pork, ($7), which came with a generous portion of rice and beans, and a couple of tortillas. I ordered the Verde salad Bowl, with oregano lime chicken ($7), which also came with rice and beans, but no tortillas. I will say, the one annoying thing was that they charged us $2.00 for an 8 oz. plastic bottle of water. I would have much rather had a glass of tap water and ice. My husband's 12 oz. can of diet soda was $1.50. The only less expensive beverage on the menu is a $1.00 (small) cup of coffee. Note to self, next time I'm bringing my own water, which I carry around all the time anyway. 

But the beverage pricing was the least of our concerns. The food is so damn good! Everything was DELICIOUS, and the guys running the place were awesome-friendly. We ended up chit-chatting with them for another 30 minutes after we'd finished eating. On our way out, one of them walked back to the kitchen and came out with a huge bag of warm, fresh-made flour tortillas - on the house! Honestly, that was such a nice, and unexpected gesture!

Overall, this is a place we plan to visit again and often. I've not yet gone for breakfast, but I'm dying to try their chorizo and egg torta one of these days!