1900 Mexican Grill offers great traditional Mexican foods.  The location on Elizabeth Ave managed (thankfully!) to survive the year-plus-long trolley rail road construction (for the non-existent trolley!).  The dining room area is beautiful, with high ceilings, nicely themed decor, and great lighting.  It feels like a higher-class Mexican restaurant, but still with very reasonable regular-restaurant pricing.  

We went early on a Friday night and were immediately seated (without a reservation).  The later it got, the more the dining room filled up, so we were glad we went earlier with our party of six.  

The free chips and salsa served seem fresher and more homemade than some Mexican restaurants.  You're given a sampler of regular salsa, hot salsa, and corn salsa.   

In the past, I've ordered the enchiladas, a giant-sized smothered burrito, or one of dishes with mole sauce.  I opted for something different this time around:  Tacos de Carne Asada.  It was three doubled moist corn tortillas with carne asada with rice and homemade hot sauce on the side.  They're supposed to resemble Mexican street cart style tacos.  I think it's one of my new favorites.  I'm not a big fan of corn tortillas (I prefer flour), but the flavor of the meat offset my aversion to the corn tortillas, and the double layering of the tortillas helped hold together corn tortillas that normally fall apart.  The hot sauce was very flavorful, chunky, and OH-SO-HOT.  Don't get me wrong, I love spicy foods, but this even pushed my limits.  That's when I ordered some water on the side of my Diet Coke.  Yum, though!   I normally don't care for the semi-bland Mexican rice (unless I dump the leftover salsa on it), but the mildness of the rice helped cool down the tacos in this case!  If not for gorging myself with the chips, this would have been the perfect-sized entree to fill me up, but not make me feel too full (mostly because there were no beans,  cheese, or other heavy foods).  

Our server was right on top of things, too, so we had a fantastic experience.  

p.s. They have a huge tequila menu, too, for you tequila connoisseurs!