Though Mexican-Chinese fusion food is not new (the same idea was done in the northern Mexican city of Monterrey, with its upscale "Chino Latino" restaurant), this restaurant can hold its own. The decor is modern, kitsch, and very inviting. Seating is limited at night, so make sure to make a reservation. The food here is actually not "fusion", per se, as asian-inspired and Mexican dishes are served on their own, and not "mixed". So, you can order pork dumplings and carnitas tacos separately. I believe this idea is lazy, but I would rather have well executed authentic food, rather than a failed attempt at some fusion. The Cochinita Pibil tacos are delicious, perfectly seasoned and very authentic. They taste very similar to what to would eat at the Yucatan peninsula. Of course, here they are way overpriced and served on a special taco gadget that keeps tacos standing up (to prevent spillage, I would assume). The Barbacoa tacos are also very authentic tasting, as well as the Pork Belly tacos. We also tried the 20-vegetable Fried Rice, as we'd previously seen someone on the Food Network claim it was the "best thing they ever ate" in Las Vegas. I would not go as far as saying it was the best thing here, but it is delicious. The "Mexican mimosas" are also very refreshing, though there is no such thing as a "Mexican mimosa"... The Margaritas, on the other hand, are modern and very tasty, as the salt element is done as a foam instead of only as a rim on the glass. Inventive and great. Do not order the Cajeta Flan, as it has NOTHING to do with a Mexican flan. I understand the chef was trying to add his own spin to this traditional dish, but I believe he should stick to what he knows best. It was nice, but it should not be named "flan", as it was more of a "crema catalana" (a typical dessert of the Catalunya region of Spain). The tortillas are hand-made, and you can reall taste the difference! I have to go back to try the Asian food. Overall, portions are tiny, so be prepared to order 4-5 per person. It is not cheap for the same reason. But, I will definitely come back.