So, I guess I'll be the first to review since I don't even see this place listed yet.  It was good, not amazing, but definitely not bad.

Me and 2 friends walk in and have an interesting interaction with our waitress.  I realize quickly that they havn't had to many customers yet, well at least not English speaking ones.  There was a language barrier, but we got over that.  We sat ourselves, because it seemed like the easiest thing to do.  I don't know much about the history of the location, but it seemed like it might have once been a fast food place, just lightly revamped with tv's on the wall.

Next we promptly asked about beer specials.  She said there are a few dollar beers.  We order around of miller lite's and a round of bud lite's comes out.  Didn't complain, just let it go.  I asked what the "gringo salsa" was and she said salsa with beans in it.  I wasn't really sure what to think of all that so I just ordered some choriqueso dip.  Chorizo and queso, its gotta be good.  Around then our complimentary chips and salsa came to the table.  The salsa had a decent flavor, but was quite watery.  The chips were fresh and good.

They have a rather large menu of mostly traditional Mexican dishes.  It took us a while to find what we wanted.  I ordered the carne asada quesadilla, one buddy ordered the chicken fajita's, and another ordered some sopa's upon my recommendation.  Then our choriqueso came out.  A little greasy(as expected) but ohhhh so yummy.  It held us over till the entree's came.

My quesadilla wasn't anything special.  Slack on the meat, but plenty of accoutrements.  Lots of lettuce, tomato, avacado, and sour cream.  With all that and a dash of the red and green traditional sauces it hit the spot.  My buddies sopa's didn't turn out quite like I had hoped, but my other buddies fajita's were immense.  Just a HUGE pile of sizzling onions, peppers, chicken, steak, and shrimp.  Wait, what?  Steak and shrimp weren't what he ordered, but yet again, there was kind of a language barrier, so we let it go.  We did ask for a little more sour cream though(which turned out to be $1.50 on the bill).

We ate, laughed, and just watched the traffic drive by for a little while.  It might sound like I had some complaints about service, but she was cute and it was tolerable.  The food was reasonably priced, and having the red and green sauces at the table definitely reminded me of a real Mexican restaurant.  Maybe it was just the sauces and good people, but I really did enjoy my meal and will be back.  In my mind, this place and 3 amigos(a block away) are the closest thing to Mexican food I can find in Charlotte.  Good job guys.