I'm willing to bet that this place was a shining gem in its heyday.  Several days have passed since that day...leaving the same gem, minus a lot of the luster.

The restaurant itself is quite spacious. It has a full bar to the left, a large recessed dining area in the middle (geared more towards groups), and a more secluded are to the right for smaller groups and/or couples. All three sections are quite spacious. 

We happened to sit off to the right. We had a party of four and half (one three-year-old). The tables in this section were for a maximum of four people, and our daughter is FAR to tall for a high chair. Thankfully for us, where there are some bay windows facing out of the restaurant, there is a nice little padded booth created there, which turned out to be the PERFECT place for our daughter!

The menu for Serrano's is typical, but it's pretty limited. They offer the usual Mexican fare, usually in both chicken and beef (and ONE that offered shrimp). Both the quality and quantity of each dish we ordered was substantial. Suffice it to say that each member of our party left the restaurant with a take-home box.

Our server was stellar. The restaurant wasn't very crowded, so if he HAD been lacking, it would have made things very awkward. But, as it happened, Christian was phenomenal! He was patient with us while we waited for the final member of our party to arrive. He was very diligent with keeping our drinks full and our table cleared.

But, the coolest thing Christian did for us was regarding dessert. You see, it was my wife's birthday, and her parents wanted to go to this restaurant for a celebratory dinner. My wife was deathly afraid that the restaurant employees were going to make her wear a sombrero and sing a song to her...and Christian almost made that happen. However, when he could see the sheer terror behind my wife's eyes at the prospect of public humiliation, he took the clue, and offered to comp her dessert. 

This shopping center that houses this restaurant is practically empty. There are "For Lease" signs in several of the windows. I can see why this place has stood the test of time...though, I feel that their menu could use a little updating, which is the only reason I opted for four stars instead of five for this cozy little relic.