After a shiner beer dinner trip, a few hours at the bar trip, and a few just dinner trips - it's definitely a fully rounded review, but I'm pretty sure it would have sounded the same a few months back.

The food, is delish. The paco's taco (brisket) is just divine, as are both of the shrimp tacos. i think the campechana is awesome - and my mother (a ceviche expert) agreed. They have awesome food specials at the bar, and they have frito pie. (though I have yet to try it, the fact that it is on the menu makes me happy) Even their free chips and (both) salsas don't disappoint. They aren't perfect, and some items I've liked much more than others, but nothing has been "bad".

Now to the important part - the booze. a lovely selection of shiner (two or three on tap and then a few bottled) and a (slowly) rotating selection of infused tequilas complete their full bar and tons of tequila. I'm a fan of the three-pepper infused one which tastes fab alone, in a bloody maria, or in their firestarter (or something to the same tune) margarita. oh, their margaritas - I've had a couple different ones and I like all of them, especially the one that's on special that night. 

What keeps this from being 5 stars is the service, and maybe a little of the ambiance. The amount of fajita plates ordered is ridiculous, and kind of makes me feel like I'm at Chili's. Not really their fault, I guess, but the constant sizzling and smoking can be distracting. The bartenders have always been great and friendly, but sometimes service has been a miss. In my book, there is a window for great service, but asking if I'm doing okay too many times in a certain time frame can be just as bad as never coming back to check in. I guess at Paco's I'm usually over-served(?), and more than once by a server who reaaaally shouldn't have chugged that second red bull right before her shift started. But hey, my water glass was continually filled to the rim, my drinks kept coming, and seconds after my food hit the window it was at the table - so I can't complain too much.