We have been to the week-old Villa's twice now, once for dinner and once for breakfast. The space is cozy, with about 7 booths, and a colorfully painted wall with a tiled opening where you order and then another where you pick up your food. All of the employees have been very friendly and willing to chat and answer questions. The chef/owner, Rene, told us that he had worked 130 hours in the first week, cooking from 6 am to 10 pm, but that all of the early positive feedback made it worthwhile. We didn't get a chance to meet his wife, Angelica, but she was the one who had contacted me via Yelp messaging weeks ago, inviting me to come in and give them a try (as I had been complaining of the woeful Laveen restaurant scene) and also kept interest piqued on Facebook. Very smart use of free social networking sites, I'd say. 

On to the food: my husband tried a carne asada burrito, California style, and declared it one of the best burritos he's had in the valley. It had carne, cheese, fresh pico, and potatoes in a large fresh flour tortilla. I had a bite, and it was indeed scrumptious. I asked for a combination of the carnitas and carne platters, because I wanted to try both meats, and they were cheerfully accommodating. Both meats were tender, but I found the carne to be much more flavorful. I have become used to the style of carnitas at Garcia's Las Avenidas,which is cooked in more spices. I also prefer the refried beans from Garcia's, but Villa's were pretty good. The pico both looked and tasted super fresh, and the rice was very moist and flavorful with some bits of fresh corn, peas, and tomato scattered throughout. For breakfast two days later, we each had a breakfast burrito, most of which have eggs, potato, and cheese, with some type of meat. I had it with bacon, but my husband, who tries to eat vegetarian as often as he can stand it, had it meatless. He found he missed the meat, especially after he grabbed my burrito and took a few healthy chomps out of it. The burritos were very good sized- I couldn't finish mine, and Bob was quite full after his (and the rest of mine). It's the kind of breakfast that will keep you going all morning. 

We are thrilled that Villa's has lived up to its promises of great, fresh, all in-house made Mexican cuisine, and we will return often to work our way through the menu. Finally, Laveen, we have a great restaurant!