Without reading much of the previous reviews, we had an evening planned at the Turkish Cultural Center for a free Turkish film, and did a general scan for something interesting to eat in the neighborhood, and Casa Rasta caught our attention. I did glance through the reviews, and saw that there was quite a mixed bag, but we thought oh well, what the heck, let's decide for ourselves.

Mexarribean? 

So the plan was to meet at 5:00 pm, and two of us got there just a few minutes before, still waiting on the third. We were greeted at the door by a very friendly Woody Allen-ish boy in a tie-dye t-shirt, who seated us just inside.  We checked out the menu, which look quite intriguingly enticing, and our server came over to take a drink order, and possibly encourage an appetizer.

Now I see several reviews whining about bad service, and I have to say, I guess this was our lucky day...because the stunning young gal that took care of us was incredibly friendly and helpful. She was pretty, polished, helpful, well spoken, and FAR from the usual grunting yinzer, or angst ridden art school student. 

While waiting for our third to arrive, we ordered Yuca chips and guacamole, a Diet Coke (Yay, more Coke people) and a Ginger Beer. My friend had the ginger beer, and insisted that I try it, and I had to agree with him that it started out with a medicinal kind of blast, followed by a somewhat intense burning in the back of the throat. I stuck to my Diet Coke. Then suddenly Woody Allen shouted out my name from the bar, and said that our other friend was running behind, but would be there shortly. 

We waited for the Yuca chips, and the server came over and said that she was very sorry it was taking so long, but that they were actually in the process of starting them all from complete scratch, fresh, even to the extent of shaving the Yuca into chips as we spoke. 

Our friend actually arrived just moments before the Yuca chips, and they were TOTALLY worth the wait. Sliced VERY thin and perfectly fried, and the guacamole would only have been fresher had they made it tableside. Very flavorful guac as well, not just thrown together. 

So now it was time to place the order for the meal. David ordered a roasted pork quesadilla, Donald ordered a shrimp fajita, and I ordered a steak burrito. And shortly after we'd practically licked the guacamole bowl clean, the entrees arrived. 

Donald's eyes rolled back in his head after the first bite of shrimp, which were very nice size, and coated with the perfect amount of seasoning. He proclaimed them delish.  David moaned in delight on the first bite of the pork quesadilla, and again insisted that I try a nibble of the pork. I have to say, it was worth the moan, and a few extras. Beautiful seasoned, with a hint of coconut, good cheese, and TONS of flavor in the juicy pork. Not the usual dried out pork. This was excellent.

The steak in my burrito was juicy and nicely seasoned, and the burrito was a good meal size. My only complaint was that it didn't come topped with any kind of sauce, but our lovely server brought a couple of different bowls of salsa, one red and one green, freshly made, that I drizzled into the burrito as I munched it down to the nub. I would have liked a little more fire in my spice, but I completely understand where I am. So many Pittsburgher's cry when they simply SEE a bottle of hot sauce...put in a scotch bonnet? Not on their life. (and NO, it's NOT a hat!) So most foods here that would normally be a challenge to a spice loving tongue have been pandered down to please the pierogi tongues. 

After dinner, David opted for dessert, and was won over by the description of the home made hazelnut cheesecake, that the server told us the owner made herself. She described it as more like a mousse than a cheesecake, and she was right. It was spectabulous! My only suggestion to them on the dessert would be: COME ON! If you're going to make something THAT from-scratch scrumptious, put away that can of spray whipped cream! It's so easy to make shipped cream from scratch, and my goodness did that cake deserve that extra touch!

The place developed a very pleasant little crowd in the hour we were there, the server was always present and friendly, keeping the water and soda filled, and the dishes cleared, in addition to making genuinely helpful suggestions.

The bill for all that we ate only came to around $44, so this was really a very worthy stab in the dark new restaurant try. If we end up in that neck of the woods for another event at the Turkish Cultural Center, which I'm sure we will, Casa Rasta will be the first place we check into for dinner.

VERY pleasant experience indeed.