We went at the height of the dinner rush on Friday.  We wanted something different outside of Surprise and this was just what we were looking for.  The place was packed.  Lots of retirees and locals it appeared.  I would give the Rio Mirage (3.5)  4 Stars overall since there is not an option for halves.   

Ambience: 4 stars!  The  Rio Mirage was a nice old school mexican restaurant with plenty of seating.  Very well kept and clean. I also noticed that there was patio seating which looked comfy.  I would like to sit out there next time on a nice night.   We also loved the roaming mariachi band.  That was a nice touch and the kids loved them.  Lastly,  another note...when and if you try this place, you may expect to wait to be seated, but rest assured you won't go thirsty.  The bartender is stationed right next the entrance and the margaritas are pretty tasty.  I upgraded to the ulitmate, to get a splash of grand marnier.  3 stars on the margaritas.

Food: I give the food 4 stars.   My wife ordered the fish tacos, which looked great. Fried white fish and shredded cabbage on a corn tortilla.  She gave them 2 thumbs up.   The kids had the "Kid's Taco" meal,  which came with a choice of beans.  They devored most of thier meals.  Their tacos were fried with shredded beef, lettuce & tomatoes.    I had the El Bombero Picado.  Strips of asada steak, covered in a green sauce with sauted peppers and onions.   It was real tasty, but was not as spicy as the menu was leading on.   However, real good.  My meal came with rice and beans on the side and a choice of tortillas.  I chose the "homemade" flour tortillas, 2 large tortillas (equivalent to 4 regular sized).  They were awesome.   My meal was great, I would just make a note to have them exclude the melted cheese on my beans next time.  It was a little "overkill" , but not a dealbreaker.  I just scraped the cheese off and it they were set.  The rice was nice and fluffy,  real subtle, with a great flavor.


Service: 2 stars.  I am giving our server the benefit of the doubt, SIMPLY because she was very friendly and helpful when we did get her attention.   She just seemed very overwhelmed and maybe she was having an "off night", which may likely led her to forget my tortillas after asking her twice.  Lol!  Once I get the "homemade" tortillas...muy bien as mentioned above.  Everyone else seemed to be getting served promptly and had smiles on their faces, which was a plus.  

Overall,  I would recommend this place.  It is worth your time to try.  Remember,  avoid the rush and tell them to hold the cheese on the beans!  Good luck!