We really liked the parillada that I ended up sharing with two other people. It comes in a half or full size. We got to pick three meats  with the full size and chose the  chicken,pastor and carne asada. We could have also picked lengua,beef Head and another meat i can't remember. I am not usually a big fan of pastor but this pastor changed my mind, it was very tasty. The chicken was really delicious and the carne asada was on point too. We had the choice of corn or flour tortillas and the platter also had several grilled vegetables piled on top- green onion, tomato and Guerito Chiles. They also gave us a plate with fresh cucumber, red onion and a bowl of guacamole. 

The three of us ate for $25 (including drinks) and even had to take food home because we could not finish the full size platter. Very good value and plenty of food. 

I would have given them five stars if they had more salsa choices, I personally love a good Salsa de Molcajete and that would have been a perfect compliment as it is a roasted type salsa. Their salsa was just basic and nothing to write home about. 

Also, it is very loud in the restaurant and hard to hear. So, we kept our mouths full with good food and kept the talking to a minimum since it was hard to hear. LOL

Asadero is on the southwest corner of Monroe and 16th St and the parking is a tight fit and very limited. However,  there is an empty parking lot on the other side of Monroe on the northwest side of 16th street that we parked at (as did several other families) and walked the short distance across the street. The only bad part about parking there was coming out after dark and seeing a suspicious guy lurking over in that lot. His body language implied he was up to no good, so be careful if you park over there because that parking lot is not lit at all and as overgrown bushes and trees with a low wall surrounding it making several places to hide behind. 

I am from Los Angeles and to go out to get some decent ethnic foods, you have to go to certain neighborhoods that sometimes are questionable. When doing so, you must be vigilant while in those type areas.  I felt I was back there coming out of the restaurant so,  I was  already very vigilant coming out and spotted the guy right away before we walked over there.We had our guy friend drive from the restaurant lot to the one across the street and the creeper guy got spooked and took off. 

We will go back for sure and will be a place to stop when we are in the area!