So finally got around too checking out yet another local style action in Vegas. One that has rather unique name but one that truly backs up the "Aloha" Spirit!! The first step walked in the whole staff shouts out "Aloha". Everyone is extremely helpful comes too the menu. It not your typical plate lunch action local style food. It goes in three different steps so for first timer like me (lot of confusion). The staff takes you through each one going over the options. If your expecting some mac salad, two scoops rice, or spam musubi on the menu not going too get it. =( On the other hand I enjoyed the fact really different approach  first step you can either get it in burrito wrap style, rice bowl style, or one more not remember. The protein grilled fish, kailua pork (one need too get on my next visit), and went for the huli huli chicken. I got it on bowl style with brown rice and not too much on top just black beans, and spicy tomato/maui onion salsa. You could go crazy make it full on chicken salad. I wanted too taste the chicken. I really enjoyed! IIt was nice moist, get nice portion (not just chicken but all the proteins), and had great huli huli chicken flavor you would go pick up for fundraiser action back home at some school. The black beans was ok. The salsa was winnah. It was nice little kick too it. The tomato tasted nice fresh and combine with sweet maui onion nice touch. I got some chips with side of guacamole. The guacamole was ok. The chips were solid. It nice light, crispy, and right amount of salt. Between the guacamole and the salsa. I could have had chips all night be happy braddah. Just kicking back listening too local style music some braddah "IZ". 

The owner if awesome. The guy goes around asking if you like everything and next thing know talking stories about the islands. I love the interior can tell they put nice brighter color too it then the prior owner some Greek place never been. All the art work had Hawaii little on the touristy prints but others had more local style vibe. The music. Now if enjoy listening too local Hawaiian music PLUS action cause all they played during my lunch. They even have drive-thru also. 

Really could almost say Braddah's Island Style is healthy option minus the mac salad. You can have the option of brown rice, pick your sides all healthier side (seen you can even go protein and rice), and not going too break your bank either. Love the atmosphere and for sure plan on coming back for some kalua pig!! Till next time..