I found this place a little over a year ago and fell in love with it. But to enjoy the experience you have to know what you're getting into and how to navigate the ways of the Hot Dog Buffet.   I went in the first time with low expectations. I was driving down Indian School and saw a sign that said Hot Dog Buffet. That is an immediate U-turn moment for me. We dropped everything and went to G's not for good food but for what I was expecting to be nasty novelty food. 

Boy was I wrong! The image in my mind was of these Circle K style hotdog rollers with dogs that have been sitting all day and shriveled up.  Much to my surprise they made the dogs fresh right there. Now at this point let's be honest...it is hard to mess up a hotdog. There is nothing special or proprietary about what they do to the dogs...They cook them and serve them. But the selection is ridiculous name the type or brand of Hot Dog I feel confident they have it. On top of that they have every topping you can possibly imagine to make a Coney Island Dog, Chicago Dog, and Sonoran Dog and so on and so on. Again it is hard to mess up a hotdog. 

They also have some great Philly Cheese Steaks hoagies. I should caveat this with the fact that I am a West Coast kid so I am sure it's not like they are back East. I don't take advice on Mexican Food from East Coasters and don't presume to give advice to East Coasters on cheese steaks. With that being said in my opinion their sandwiches rank third in Phoenix of all the ones I have tried. Cheba Hut is #1, Charlie's Steak Subs is #2 and G's come in at #3. 

So solid food and amazing selection of options. 

As far as customer service goes; I personally love it... The pretentious on the other hand will probably dislike it. The staff treats you like you are old friends they will interrupt you in the middle of a conversation. They will make jokes but they will also bend over backwards to get you whatever you want. 
I went in once with my wife, 6 year old son, 3 teenage nieces and their 3 boyfriends (NOTE: The place is barely large enough to sit that many people).  They all wanted buffets. The waitress took one look at my skinny wife and skinny nieces and said they aren't eating more than 1 hotdog so instead of the $8.99 per buffet for 9 buffets she only charged me $1.99 hotdog combo price for all the girls and my son but still honored the buffet options for them.  That is good customer service. 
 
Note on customer service: If you expect to be served then left alone don't go to G's.  Accept G's for what it is and like me it will exceed your expectations.  The process can be confusing but just bear with it and you will be a pro and fall in love with G's food.