For whatever reason, last night, I had a HUGE craving for some Cafe Rio Barbacoa Nachos.  I have only had them twice before so I don't know why/how this strong craving came about.  Granted, the nachos are freaking delicious and are definitely some of the best nachos I have ever had.  Still, it's a random craving to have out of nowhere.   I Yelped Cafe Rio and found out that there was one semi close to my house.  Guess where I went to lunch today?  Yup........nacho, nacho man......I want to be, a nacho man!

Rolled down here and got in line and placed my order for my pork barbacoa nachos.  Whenever you order nachos, the staff sings the nacho man song.  Its pretty funny yet a bit uncomfortable to hear all of them bust out a tune while making your food.  Anyways.......I got mine topped with  all the usual stuff (pico, guacamole, sour cream, cheese, black beans,  Dr. Pepper soaked pork barbocoa).   Total for nachos and a drink was a little over $11.50.  Here is how they were.................

Pork Barbacoa Nachos-  These things are possibly the best order of nachos out there.  They pile a grip of tortilla chips into a little tin foil container.  They then top your chips with a grip of cheese and meat of your choice.  They send it through a little conveyor belt to melt the cheese and then load it up with the other toppings mentioned in my previous paragraph ;-).  Everything works well.  The sweetness of the pork barbacoa, the crispy chips, the stringy cheese and the heartiness of the black beans all blend together perfectly.  They are a bit skimp on the guacamole and sour cream but they still give you enough to mix it around a bit.  Overall, they are just excellent nachos...some of the best nachos I have ever had.  Oh yeah, they serve Coke products which is sweet!  

Once again, I was very impressed.  I have not had anything else from here, and doubt I will ever get anything else from here besides the nachos.  Stick with a winner, right?  These nachos are fantastic and are a must order every single time!  Trust me ;-)