Parking: This one is not so hard to figure out for my generation but with all do respect for the over 60 generation you may have a hard time understanding where to park. I parked as close as I could looking for the entrance of the place. Park as closest to the street as you can facing west.

Entrance: If you are new, the very first doors on the left hand side. Great sign says wait to be seated. There's bar seating and regular dining seating.

Waiter: Mine gave me the drink special menu, I was there during happy hour. He made sure my drink was full all the time.

The Food:
      In my opinion, most Mexican restaurants around just don't cut it in Arizona but this one does.The food is usually not fresh or there is a lack of quality somewhere. The waiter started me off with chips and salsa. Chips are averaged, the salsa above averaged. I ate the whole bowl of it, pretty darn good.

       Next, I ordered the Carne Guisada, which no one Arizona probably know what that is. However, in Texas it's one of the tacos I had ordered at least every other Mexican meal. It's like a Mexican seasoned gravy with steak. Even says a southern Texas favorite. The waiter came back to let me know they didn't have it for the day, talked about feelings went sour. For once, I thought I found my favorite Carne Guisada taco and now they don't have it. Not super upset, but upsetting because I didn't get to try it, stay tuned for the next trip. 

      The carne asado taco topped with onions, cilantro, slices of Serrano peppers, and salsa of somesort, on a corn tortilla. It was packed with meat so don't think they skimp with all the extra stuff. The meat very fresh to the taste almost seemed as if it had some smokey flavor to it. Gotta love it when you can tell the meat wasn't sitting in a container waiting for the next order, you could tell it was cooked to order. Now, lets move on to the Pork Belly. Mind you, I had Pork Belly the previous day at Flemmings and between the two tacos, I'd choose Paz because of the 15 hour packed flavors it claims on the menu. I'm not only a believer of the 15 hours, but a fan of these tacos. The pricing of food is where it should be for the quality. 

     I give it a 4 because the Carne Guisada was not available when I ordered it. Otherwise, you would of received a 5 from me. I really hope you guys have it available the next time I come in, was also told to try the shrimp tacos next.