Tex Tubb's Atwood location is a favorite of mine that I seldom find my way to, so when I learned that a west side location was in the works for the old Firefly property I was excited.  No longer would I have to wait for a show at the Barrymore to get my taco fix.  I always liked Firefly but I never really make it a destination.  When the west side Tex Tubb's Taco Palace opened a year ago my friends and I went for the Grand Opening.  We had seen exec chef K. W. "Tex" Tubb play around town before, including a memorable set at the Capital Bier Garten, and when we heard he would be playing at the opening we made it a point to be there.   I've been coming back regularly ever since.  

I was skeptical of the fish tacos at first.  I had heard of the phenomenon before but I wouldn't have had the guts to try them if not for the prodding of my friend.  I really loved them, so much that I wouldn't shut up about for pretty much the next week.  The blackened tilapia with the soft corn tortillas was my usual at the Atwood location and I never deviated since I'd usually not been in months.  With the west side location I've been more adventurous in my many repeat trips, and I can say I like all of the fish tacos but I have not tried the shrimp.  The carne asada, el pastor, chorizo, mushroom and ground beef are all good too.  I recently tried the fried avocado, and this is quite possibly my new all-time favorite.  I usually skip the side rice and beans and I've never tried the burritos.  I don't know if I ever will get off the taco side of the menu, in fact.  Decent burritos or enchiladas strike me as something that can be gotten anywhere, but a truly great taco is something worth seeking out.

The downsides to the west side Tex Tubb's: as with all Food Fight establishments the price is on the high side.  I don't like that chips and salsa cost three bucks, but I do like the new salsa bar.  It was one of the features of the Atwood location that I really missed.  Service while generally good can be lax, frustratingly so when the place doesn't seem to be that busy.  The clientele at the west side location skews more to the family set, so there can be a few screaming children to deal with.  Upsides: there is more room and outdoor seating, plus parking is a bit easier than the Atwood location.  $2.50 Lone Stars is a good deal no matter where you are, and a bucket of five is only eleven bucks.  There is apparently breakfast on the weekends, which I've not yet tried but seems like a good idea.  And most importantly excellent tacos, which is why I keep coming back.