Our family has been going here practically since I was born.  For almost 30 years starting at the Tempe location.  The Reynoso family originally started in Tempe but we find that this location of the daughter's family is better.  It is nice when we get to speak to the owner daughter.  Better points of the Mesa location rather than the Chandler or Tempe location is that they put more in your burrito or just give you more food for the price you pay and they seem more down to earth and comfortable to be around their family and servers give pleasant customer service.  

Now on to the rating....the refried bean and cheese burrito is the best!  They make their refried beans from scratch everyday!  If you get it in the restaurant they butter the top of the burrito which is delicious.  If you get it "to go" they don't unless you ask and specify it.  Next, their Salsa is Amazing!  It is the best salsa I've ever tasted.  A little watery but Amazing!  Not to hip on their tortilla chips, their chips are heavy and somewhat chewy and not light and airy like they should be.

Their "Gollo Burro" and "Machaca" are pretty good in taste.  Although many times the Burro is not full and the Machaca is not very well packed with shredded beef or sometimes they can be just skimpy on the ingredients in general depending on the day.  But definitely not as bad as the Chandler and Tempe locations in being skimpy or giving to little food for the price you pay.  Out of the two the "Gollo Burro" is the Best in taste.  I believe it's the green chili that does it.

Their tacos and enchiladas are nothing special.  The tacos are chewy in the shell rather than crunchy and again can many times have little in them.  The enchiladas are small for the price you pay and do not have much in them either.  

Their Chili Rellenos "eehh".  I've had better made from my mom.  Again very little in them.  Would like to see a really fat stuffed great tasting one with amazing cheese and shredded beef.

Last but not least....Their Cheese Crisp is crisp, buttery, and deeeelicious!  Just the right amount of cheese...(lots;)  And it is especially delicious dipped in their salsa!

So here's the deal!  If you dine in get two bean and cheese burritos, chips and salsa, and a large cheese crisp as an appetizer wash it down with a soda and you'll have an amazing lunch or dinner.  Make sure ya bring a friend or you'll never finish the cheese crisp alone!;)

P.S.  If ya want to try something more than a burrito, definitely try the "Gollo Burro"!