Was going to "North" for lunch today in Glendale to my surprise it's now Ninf'a's Mexican Kitchen...  It changed from a Fox restaurant to a Legacy owned restaurant.  

We were game for a new experience, so we tried this Houston based tex-mex restaurant.  I was hit with the smell of fresh tortillas when we walked in the door. They redecorated the place and it's very inviting, nicely decorated with very comfy booths and a warm atmosphere.  They have a full bar with limited wine selections, beer on tap and bottles, sangria and fantastic margarita's.  
 
We were seated and treated to some of the nicest service I've experienced in a good while. Our server was amazing and delightful.  She very attentive to our drinks and took just enough time to explain their menu and specialties. Some servers can be "over the top" especially when a place is new, but she was extremely pleasant. 

We started with queso. Fresh chunks of green onion, tomato and cilantro leaves made the queso an instant hit with me. Nothing worse than getting bad queso, but no worries here--theirs is a class act. The house chips and salsa's are also really good and served right away as we sat down. 

I was going to try their homemade Horchata but ordered a melon agua fresca with my food instead.  It's a short but sweet affair, as it comes out in a cocktail glass. If you're looking for the giant tub you usually get when ordering one of these guys--not here. If you don't know what I'm talking about, just nod. The melon, however, was fresh, sweet and delightful. 

I'll have fajitas once in a while, but it's not something I get excited about at a restaurant because they generally taste the same everywhere I've had them. At Ninfa's however it was "excellente" when it comes to fajita's. The sizzling plate came out and my eyes widened at the wonderful smell and beautiful the strips of meat.  Things we tried and were also very tasty: carne asada, chicken enchiladas, shrimp chiveche salad and chicken and avocado salad, yum! 

Sadly, I had to hit the road and keep working but at least my appetite was content. I'll definitely be back and looking forward to giving them a 5th star. I think my only dilemma will be ordering something other than the fajitas next time....