Let me say I can sometimes find myself being guilty of judging a book by its cover. In the case of Mucho Taco I quickly overlooked it due to location, location, location. Good thing my little girl is as adamant as I am when it comes to satisfying whats on the taste buds. I did a quick Yelp review look up and was pleasantly surprised by the overall reviews for this joint. Well, I'm not afraid of broadening my horizons. This place has a quaint old town Mexico feel to it. They even have Telemundo on the tele. What really caught my attention is the fact that this place was clean, not a dirty table in the joint. That can really set the mood and so far I'm smiling. 

Walked up and the girl working the counter was all smiles and quite frankly had the best attitude/customer service I've seen in a long time. You've got to take a moment to recognize and appreciate such things when you see it.

Lucky for me today's especial was a 2 taco plate with rice & beans. Just what my daughter loves. I gave her my American child's request for this and that added and removed and she accommodated with no fuss. Then it was time for the General to make an off the menu request. I wanted a chimichanga but I was feeling chorizo so how about combining the 2. No problemo here! The girl picked up the menu and explained with a picture how they make their chimmi's enchilada style and asked if that would be ok. Absolutely! Paid, the girl and found me a nice place to rest my dogs. A couple seconds after getting situated the young lady brought out chips and salsa. Now being a connoisseur of all things food I was up for the salsa challenge. Gotta say- this salsa is good! Thick, not runny & it had a pleasant little kick to it. Too bad food was ready so quickly because I wanted to beat down another helping. Taco's looked delicious and their was plenty of rice & beans, my little girl's order was perfect. Im regretting not posting a pic of my chimmi masterpiece. Presentation was wonderful! A good sized chimmi laid smothered in cheese and surrounded in red sauce. Could have used a little more sour cream & guac but I know this stuff is so rare around AZ that restaurants share it sparingly. now I'm being sarcastic! But all in all the flavor was delish! 

I'm so glad I have a Mexican restaurant to add to my list of happiness. This place will be getting a return visit from me and anyone else I can con into the ghetto. lol Keep an eye out amigo's because after a couple more visits to ensure I wasn't dreaming, I'll be moving my rating up a notch. This place is great!