The other day we dined at Mundo in the World Market Center for lunch. This is my 4th visit since they opened last month (we're desperate for good restaurants downtown) and I am continuously intrigued by the descriptions on their menu. I passed on their delicious margaritas today to try sangria, which was excellent. If you had the chance to go to La Madonna, the previous restaurant owned by the chef of Mundo, you have probably tasted and enjoyed a similar version.

I had the chicken tortilla soup, which I have ordered before, because it has an incredibly flavored broth that really sets it apart from other chicken tortilla soups I've had. It is seasoned with epazote which helps to give the soup a rich full-bodied taste is responsible for the deep red hue. Ian had the short rib tamale which was also delicious. The tamale dough wasn't dried out as it sometimes can be and the sweet bits of corn gave it a nice texture. The shortribs that were busting out of the husk made for a lovely presentation. 

On another night we started with the queso fundido ($12), which was a combination of four melted cheeses garnished with oven roasted cherry tomatoes, sauteed mushrooms, and a serrano chile drizzle, and served with tortillas. I loved the use of goat cheese, the mushrooms were cooked very well, and the spicy "drizzle" complimented the cheese nicely. It's a heart stopper of a dish so we didn't finish it and instead opted to save room for our entree, which was a fantastic idea. We split the filet mignon of Korobuta pork with ancho chile mango glaze and chose sauteed spinach for our side ($26). Though I think it's a stretch to use the words filet mignon to describe pork tenderloin, we both thought the dish was incredibly successful. The ancho rub on the outside of the perfectly cooked pork was wonderfully intense and the accompanying sauces really set it over the top. The mango relish on top was a fantastic sweet addition that cooled the pallet from the heat. Additionally, it was a huge portion so definitely worth the price. We thought maybe they super-sized it for us since go there frequently and have unabashedly expressed our opinions to the staff on each trip (some of which could have been taken as insults but were meant to be helpful pointers since we want the restaurant to succeed), but the waiter confirmed this is the amount everyone gets. So much for feeling special. The sauteed spinach side was great as well, and unique due to the addition of roasted jalapenos. I would absolutely get both again.