Came here on a late Sunday night after visiting a few shops nearby. I've never heard of Zaba's and so me and my friend decided to check it out. 
Right when we walked in, the first thing we had to search for was the menu (which was posted above the kitchen) and to our surprise it was much similar to Chipotle. 
The line wasn't too long nor too short so we had time to decide what to pick. You can customize your order OR you can pick Zaba's favorite meal(s) that include tacos, burritos, a bowl, quesadilla, nachos and a salad. 
My friend chooses to customize her 3 carnitas tacos while I chose Doug's Surf and Turf Burrito (one of the favorites- $10). 
The workers knew what goes inside the Surf and Turf and magically worked on my burrito, putting the necessary ingredients such as the shrimp, potatoes, pico de gallo, guacamole, rice, hot salsa, and steak (talk about a mouth-flavoring burrito!) My friend, on the other hand, had carnitas, corn, pico de gallo, rice and beans on all three of her tacos. The server generously piled the toppings on top of the corn tortillas and my friend couldn't finish her third taco. And as an additional treat (we always get this at Chipotle), we got the Chips and Guacamole ($2.39). Chips had a slight lime flavor and the guacamole wasn't as spectacular as I'd hope so {Chipotle won this round}. Lastly on my receipt, we got 2 large fountain sodas (est. $5). All in all, I paid $24 for a tummy of two and left the restaurant full and satisfied (she's still a chipotle fan-Grrr lol)

I see why Zaba's is slowly climbing up to Chipotle not because of similarity, but more of a slight, unique twist it has. Zaba's has more of a kick and spicyness that Chipotle tends to lack and I'm all about full-on flavor. 
Zaba's also has fish tacos, shrimp tacos, and nacho- which gives a variety of opportunities for those who dread the typical Chipotle meat menu. 

I'll be coming here more often to explore their menu. Great place to stop by at Downtown Summerlin Mall if you're nearby! Highly recommend =)