Went with a party of 8 on Sunday 03-25-2012.  ( We had been going to Iguana Mack's actually, but it was closed for renovations, so we went next door to Dos Gringos. )

The place is really nicely decorated and "fun" from a setup point of view.  Welded Mexican statues, Christmas lights strung around, etc.  They put an effort into decorations that's for sure.

We sat in an area that was covered patio (sorta) and the wind was blowing and the clouds were blocking the sun.  The patio experience was really pretty awesome - one of the best I've had in the Valley after moving here in 1995.

They were short-staffed, and a bartender was our waiter. (sigh)  This can be good or bad, and I guess he did OK considering he was covering about 8 people at the bar too.

Took F.O.R.E.V.E.R. for the food to get to us.  I mean, like 45 minutes or maybe a tad longer.  A couple of times, we ran out of soda/water/beer and had to wait a while for him to notice.

When the food FINALLY arrived, there were instant problems.  The beans had a "hard coating" over the top, an indication that they sat under a heat lamp for a WHILE.  All the food was at best barely warm, and most of it was virtually cold.  One order was wrong, so it got taken back and replaced.  (At least ONE of us got hot food !! )

We ate without complaint at that point because we were starving.

So, with all these problems, "why 4 stars?" you might ask me.  Read on:

When it came time for the bill, we told the waiter/bartender about the problems and he sent the manager, Jim, over to talk to us.  We nicely explained the issue, mentioned that we did enjoy most of the flavor of the food, but that most of it was cold and obviously had sat there ready to bring out to us for a very LONG time.  He said he'd take "some stuff off" then returned with a bill for....
..........
........
......
....
wait for it....
....
......
........
..........
a grand total of $5.50.  That's "Five Dollars and Fifty Cents."  He only charged us for the two beers.  All the food was comped.  Eight people got free food.

Now THAT, other restaurant managers, is the way to achieve "future customer loyalty" right there.  We are going to tell EVERYONE about the good treatment we received and the correct way the manger handled it.  We would have been happy with him taking 2 or three of the dishes off there, but to give us ALL the food for free?  Excellent public relations move.

We will be back to eat there again.  Multiple times.  Hopefully on days when they are fully staffed !!!