So about 3 years ago I decided to inaugurate my Fish Taco blog with someplace close to home and at an establishment that I was already familiar with. Cheating? Nah, I called it familiarizing myself with this whole bloggering process...

Zaba's has a few locations around town and I like it because they make everything from scratch, including the sauces like the Chipotle Ranch, which is awesome. It's no secret, to people that know me, that I am a stickler for fresh and additive-free ingredients.

Anyway, I got the usual order of their fish tacos, which consists of 3, with your choice of flour or corn tortillas.

Each taco consists of 1 tortilla (I actually prefer 2 tortillas when it comes to corn due to the heightened disintegration rate of the tortilla), 1 piece of what was explained to me as "Premium Cod" shaped like a rectangular bratwurst that has been battered and deep fried, a lot of what you would expect from a standard Pico de Gallo, a healthy squirt of their Chipotle Ranch dressing, a pile of shredded green cabbage and about 3 or 4 wedges of lime. I often attempt to extract juice from these limes, as it makes a nice boost of flavor, but sometimes I believe they might just be for decoration as I can seldom seem to get anything out of them.

I would suggest eating these at the location because the tortilla disintegration was well under way upon arriving home after my 5 minute journey from the location nearest my house. Flour tortillas, of course, have proven to be hardier...but I will always prefer the corn tortilla for fish tacos until something sways me otherwise.

One interesting tidbit that I feel should be mentioned, is that this place is 'burrito bar' style like Chipotle or Qdoba's. That being said, the fish tacos take a few extra minutes to make, so after ordering you find yourself in a position to awkwardly find some place to hang out around the cash register while everyone in line behind you soon become people in front of you. Sort of weird momentarily, but if your social skills are well adapted enough to enable you to hang around not looking stupid, then this shouldn't be a problem.

One order - $7.59
Single taco - $2.69

Ingredients: Battered premium cod, pico de gallo, chipotle ranch sauce, green cabbage, flour or corn tortilla with a few wedges of lime on the side.

Good stuff. I would recommend it as well as return for more. As I have been...