Who knew????  Seriously, the best little hole in the wall Mexican restaurant I've come across in a long, long time. Full disclosure, there's nothing fancy, sophisticated or swank here. But man oh man, the food is superb. They offer the obligatory chips and salsa. The chips are run of the mill but the salsa is good. It's simple and will satisfy all levels of spicy tolerance - a hint of heat but not scorching. My dining companions each ordered a chimichanga, one had chicken, the other carnitas. To be honest, neither of them were all that impressed with the chimis but I had so much food that I shared with them. On future visits (and there will be plenty), they now know what to get. I got the 2 combination plate with a chili rellano and a green chili pork enchilada. The rellano was outstanding - cheesy, slightly spicy, with just the right amount of breading. I got it wet with a red sauce and it was perfect. They offer it dry but the red sauce was so good I don't think I'd want it any other way. The green chili pork enchilada was amazing - perfectly cooked pork, not dry at all, just the right amount of cheese, the top smothered with cheese - but not too much. The rice and beans were typical - nothing to write home about but not bad, either. We got a fried ice cream to share and it was good - I've had better but I definitely didn't turn my spoon away from it, either. 

As far as customer service, the bussers, servers, food runners and cashiers were all very helpful and friendly. We didn't wait long for our food and anything we asked for was given to us promptly. We were there at 7pm on a Friday night and it was pretty busy. The dining room is fairly small - maybe around 15 tables and booths so it's not a stretch to say that you may have to wait for a table - but we got sat right away and didn't notice anyone that had to wait. Only thing that was annoying was that they don't take American Express - good thing I had cash. 

Bottom line, if you're looking for a Mexican  restaurant with great food and service, this is a good bet. If you're looking for something hip, trendy and snobby, go elsewhere. We won't miss you!