Ah Serrano's. Been to the Serrano's on Guadalupe right next to Pink Pepper a bunch of times back in the day before they closed. It was in our lunch rotation at work for a while until somebody asked what the "Mexican Delight" on the specials menu was and the smart alecky gal in our group pointed at the balding and chubby Mexican dude in our group and yelled out "He's the Mexican Delight!" We watched in slow motion as the cute young waitress tried very hard to suppress laughter but it was a deep belly laugh and she had no way of winning. After she lost the battle she had apologized profusely for laughing at that and that ended up being the last time Mexican dude went out with us whenever smart alecky gal was going with us as well. Fast forward to December 2014 - we have a company gathering in one of the many banquet rooms at the Chandler Downtown Serrano's. I was quite familiar with the food and knew what to expect - standard hot plate gringo Mexican food that my parents would associate with Mexican food. No matter - I had the beef chimichangas, hard shell chicken tacos, flautas, and even jalapeno poppers. The running joke with the jalapeno poppers was that all the Mexican folks in our group thought they were chicken nuggets and only the non-Mexicans knew what they really were right away. Drinks were flowing as well as our company gave everyone 2 drink tickets. I had 2 gin and tonics with Tanqueray. They gave us all an extra round so I wanted the same thing but was informed they were all out of gin which I found unusual since they even asked which type of gin I preferred. Was there a freaking gin tasting event in the next banquet room or something? WTF! But I believe we all left happy with food and drink in our bellies as well as being entertained by the Jest Murder Mystery Company based in St. Louis. My rating is for this particular experience as I don't really frequent Serrano's anymore. Just south of the Arizona avenue and Boston Street intersection. Plenty of parking the night we went but might not be the case when some Chandler Downtown event is going on.