It's a 5-star concept and execution with 3.5-star food.

If you have a bad meal at this place it's likely that it's your own fault.  They have 7 or 8 different proteins that you can choose for a base and you can try all of them before you decide.  I picked 3 for the tacos and after a couple of minutes of grill work we were on to the toppings.

You can choose from the staples of Mexican food:  cilantro, onion, tomato, guac, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, tomatoes, etc.  After that you can try 3 different salsas from the bar plus some limes and jalapenos.

What this place has is balance.  It doesn't overwhelm you with so many choices that you never know if you got the best choice, but it has enough choice where you can get variety.  Granted, it probably won't be the best taco you've ever had in Phoenix.  But you can choose what you want based on your mood, and it will be good.  I love salsa but some places go overboard by giving you so many salsa choices that you just end of trying all of them and deciding after-the-fact which one you liked best.  It's also a great place for a lot of different people, important if you have a diverse crowd.  You can get veggie options, meat options, salads, burritos or tacos, big or small. 

Now for the other stuff...  The booth probably had the softest and most comfortable seat I've ever had in a booth.  I don't go around rating seats but it was so comfy I actually noticed it.  The table was very clean, and so was the salsa bar.  Free drink refills.  Napkins at the table.  Open seating area that's set apart from the grill area.  Clean floors, clean everything.  Very easy parking and very easy to find.  Friendly service.  Mostly middle class people eating at 5:30 PM.  You can pull tables together for a larger group or have a somewhat intimate conversation in a booth.  Prep is fast.

If you need to recommend a place for lunch with a larger group of people then this is a great choice.  Or just stop by yourself, grab 3 tacos, and make them how you want.