Looks like E Thomas Blvd is the spot for good Mexican food!  2 for 2 so far!

After my meal last night, the Mexican food bug was implanted in my body and soul.  I needed more, pronto!  I drove down here because of the good reviews on Yelp.  I was happy I took the drive.

They start you out with some chips and salsa.  I then ordered the "Don Jose Special" which consists of a beef tamale, cheese enchilada, bean tostada, beef taco, rice or beans and corn or flour tortillas.  This special came with a drink too.  Total was $11.00.  Here is how everything was..............

Chips and salsa-  This was the only thing that I was not truly impressed with.  The chips were nice and thin but they weren't even warm and they weren't salted either.  The salsa that they serve is more of a puree.  No chunks in it.  They both tasted just ok. I've had much better elsewhere although I can think of some places that are worse too.

Beef Tamale-  This was a large tamale stuffed with shredded beef/machaca.  It was covered in red sauce and was pretty hefty in size.  It was a little dry, but the beef was flavored well and the sauce tasted pretty good.

Cheese Enchilada-  I am usually not the biggest fan of enchiladas but this one was great!  Plain and to the point.  Lots of cheese, and lots of onions which I love.  This thing was also covered in their red sauce.  It was really good!

Bean Tostada-  Simple and to the point.  Beans, lettuce, cheese on top of a fried tortilla shell.  I like how it held up and was still crispy/crunchy even though I ate it awhile after it came to the table.  It was a good tostada!

Beef Taco-  A little bit small but packed with flavor.  It reminded me of a Lolitas beef taco, just smaller in size.  The beef was seasoned well and they topped this with a lot of cheese.  I was pretty impressed!

Diet Coke- Coke products which is awesome.  The only bad thing about the drink was the size of the cup it was served in.  Couldn't have been more than 8 ounces.  It was like a tiny orange juice glass.  Free refills at least.

Service was friendly and to the point.  Their a la carte prices on things seemed a bit high so I won't be rushing back to try out other things.  If in the area again, and craving Mexican food, there will be no hesitation to come back though.  Everything was pretty darn tasty and the combo plate was priced well for the sheer amount of food you receive. 
 
Cash only!