Oh, Paco, where have you been all my life?  And I am not talking about the Esai Morales character that was hanging out with Sean Penn in the early 80s movie Bad Boys, either.  If he learned to put together a meal like this in a juvenile detention center, then forget reform - more people need to spend time behind bars!

We actually just happened to be in the area, with no particular intention to check them out for restaurant week, but since they had it going on, we stopped in to see what was happening, and were oh-so-glad we did.  The special included a Miss Kitty's margarita, guacamole or ceviche as an appetizer, a salad, fajitas or shrimp for dinner, and either tres leches or fried ice cream and brownie for dessert.

So why just four stars, instead of five?  It was actually a close call.  The service, despite the place being slammed for a Friday night during restaurant week, was spot-on.  But the salad was limp.  Yes, limp.  There was not a crisp piece of lettuce to be found.  To their credit, the fine staff at Paco's even offered to make another to replace it - but I really had no room, and the entree had not even arrived yet.  I was impressed by the offer, however, and hopefully the next visit will see improvements here.  I totally get the desire to prepare for a rush, and putting salads in the fridge in advance is understandable.  But it does knock them down a bit.

The portions definitely did not hurt.  We ate on them for not one, but two meals after we got home.  And the food, with the exception of the salad, was spot-on.  The guacamole was much better than the ceviche (though the ceviche is good - you just get so much more enjoyment out of the guacamole it is ridiculous).

Paco's is not for everyone.  Do not take a date and expect a quiet romantic evening.  There are televisions scattered about.  It does have a bit of a noise level to it, but not so much that you cannot talk during dinner.  And it does get a bit crowded, so if you like to get up (to go to the bathroom, for instance), it might be a tight squeeze.

Otherwise, dig in.  It is well worth it.