On the hunt for some tacos de lengua and found them here.  I'm a taco truck junkie but didn't know where to find them here.  I drive by this place several times a week and I just liked the look of it and kept a mental note to come back.  I was on a mommy/daughter date and after enjoying some smoothies, we decided to go get some tacos.  When we walked in, there was only one other patron dining in but we also went at an odd time. After lunch and much too early for dinner.  We were seated immediately and after receiving a complimentary basket of chips with a side of salsa we ordered 5 tacos.  Three beef tongue tacos, one tripa de res taco and one chorizo taco.  I wanted to try something new and since I've never been wowed with anyone's al pastor taco, I gave the chorizo a shot after a suggestion by the waitress.  We got our tacos, our salsas/hot sauces with wedges of lime and a few slices of radish, just like we are used to.  The tongue taco was very tender and almost on par with our favorite food truck and had the perfect amount of cilantro and onion on it. The tripa taco was different because the tripe seemed to be deep fried because it was very crunchy, I'm used to it being more of a braised style but I really enjoyed the crispiness and the chorizo though a bit dry, had a nice flavor to it.  I was a little disappointed that none of the hot sauces were very hot and I just wanted a side of those pickled onions, carrots and habaneros to add some heat but at $2.00 a pop, I'll definitely be back.  And I wish that they doubled the tortilla on each taco because they are pretty thin. The place itself is a little dated but cute in its own way. There's a DJ on Friday and Saturday nights and I was told if you get there before 10pm, there's no cover charge.  The staff did a great job, was attentive and professional and even suggested we check out the candy shop.  We did, and found a few candies to try out but a lot of the stuff, we had no clue what it was but we were willing to experiment a little.  I was even told where I could find some taco trucks and Mexican bakeries and so I'll definitely be checking it out.  I'll definitely be back and hope to try their fundido, flautas and tortas next.  Fingers crossed, they won't disappoint.