Well one could say that the University area now has more of a lock on the faux-Mex cuisine thanks to Qdoba, Chipotle, and now Tijuana Flats popping up all within walking distance of each other.
 
Thanks to a yelp event last year, I visited the now-defunct East Blvd location so I had a notion of how the place works and how the food tastes. This location seems a little smaller than the East Blvd location but definitely still has most of the attitude, and I mean that in a good way. TJ's walls are covered in graffiti art, sassy bumper stickers, and staff pictures. It's definitely a good fit for the university area.
 
I'd been eager to stop by ever since its opening and thanks to a severe taco craving, I made a visit. I was immediately greeted and walked up to the to-go order side. The woman taking my order informed me of the day's special- it was Tijuana Tuesdaze (which I already knew and means two tacos, chips and drink for under $6) so I put my order in for two chicken tacos and decided to go for the guac on the side (which is extra, duh!). As I waited for my order to come out, I got to see the famed hot sauce bar. Seriously, if you fancy yourself a hot sauce fan, TRY ALL THE SAUCES. There's plenty of seating inside to not make you feel like you're sitting on top of anybody else and there's also a small patio area out front.
 
The staff seemed really upbeat and willing to break down the explanations for any menu items. I witnessed this first hand as two people were completely confused by their chimichangas and the 'make it wet' (TWSS!) option. As for beverages, they offer the standard soda/tea options as well as margaritas, sangria, and beer.
 
My order came out and the guy who brought it to me made sure he read it back and confirmed my order. I opened up my container and was pleasantly surprised by how neat and delicious everything looked. Be not concerned, for the taco special they do not skimp on the taco size! Everything tasted just as good as I remembered and I will be frequenting Tijuana's on Tuesdays and any other time the taco craving hits!