We had a groupon for Taberna and decided on a whim to use it last night. I was really craving a good margarita. 

I didn't know what to expect since the reviews were mixed but I was pleased for the most part.

When we got there on a busy Friday night, there was a 15 minute wait. So we got a couple drinks at the bar. The female bartender wasn't the warm and fuzzy type, but she did make some killer margaritas. My husband had their specialty margarita, served up. It was sooo smooth and delicious and definitely tasted premium. I had a cilantro/jalapeno margarita. It was very good but didn't have as much of the cilantro and  jalapeno flavor that I was expecting. Both margaritas packed a good punch. We were pleasantly buzzed by the time our table was ready. Although they were a bit pricy I would much rather spend $9 on an excellent margarita then $5 on a watered down, crappy one.

Our service started out good. The chips and salsa were very good. The plantains and yucca chips were a unique and tasty touch. After taking our order, our server asked if we want some guacomole along with our chips. We politely declined and I detected a bit of an eyebrow raise from our server. After returning to bring us straws for our water, I placed an order for a glass of sangria and also let her know that we had a groupon. Although the change in her behavior wasn't drastic it was definitely there. We were then often forgotten the rest of the night. We waited about a full 10 minutes for water refills. And my sangria took about 20 minutes. She apologized to me saying that my order was placed last in the big drink order. Whatever. 

The food was very good. Portion sizes much smaller than what I'm used too with Mexican food. However, if you imagine most of the entrees as small plates and order a few sides or appetizers, it will be more than enough. I ordered the chili relleno with a side of the poblano potatoes. (Most entrees don't come with sides of anything- another downside.) The chili relleno was stuffed with veggies and cheese. It was much lighter than the cheesy battered rellenos I'm used to. But it was very good. The poblano potatoes were SUBLIME. Everyone must try them! My husband ordered the scallop and pork belly tacos. He was a little thrown off by the size (four bite size tacos) but luckily tacos come with rice and beans. He thought they were very good. 

Overall we thought the food was very good. A modern twist on Mexican. However we were disappointed by the service. This has happened before to us with Groupons. I think servers feel that just because we have a Groupon we will be cheap, when we actually tip 25% on average. In fact, when the server brought us our bill she said "Congratulations!" because it was under $1 with our Groupon. Maybe she was just trying to be funny but I wasn't amused. But we still gave her a damn good tip on the original bill, well over 20%.