Ladies, if you're checking into Planet Hollywood for a girls weekend, stop here before you go out for the night! Men, do the same so the ladies have something to look at!

I was the un-official "concierge" of our Las Vegas weekend and knew that upon arrival we would be starving and ready to eat. I Yelped PH for on-site restaurant so that we could eat...stat. Yelp came through and gave us this tasty jewel! Upon check-in, I asked the gentleman at the desk if he could make a reservation for us, which he happily did! Bonus!

Atmosphere was inviting, hip, and un-pretentious. I was very impressed with the price-point vs. atmosphere...in Vegas, many restaurants depend on a so-called "hip" environment to allow them to boost their prices. Not Yolos! $12 for 3 tacos and rice & beans....and this is after you fill up on their complimentary chips and salsa!

LOVED the chips & fire-roasted tomato salsa. You know you're food is going to be great when the chips are fresh and warm, and the salsa is fresh and tasty. Our server, Todd, made sure that he kept them coming. He also prepared a beautiful table-side guacamole (worth the $8, both price and presentation were spot-on.)

My girls each ordered an alcoholic beverage (I don't drink) . The raspberry margarita was made with fresh berries and Todd even brought a to-go cup for the left-overs...which is why we love Vegas that much more!

Ok...the food, I know I'm taking forever, but you know you want these details! Three of us ordered tacos (carnitas, steak & shrimp) & three of us loved them! I ordered carnitas, cause I'm a pork junky, and I tried the shrimp which was outstanding! Friend the fourth ordered chicken fajitas which were your standard fajitas platter with all the fixins' However, the chicken was plentiful and tasted great!

My only disappointment was the rice and beans...not enough flavor here, AND the margarita fountain that wasn't! I was expecting some kind of rockin' show-piece and it was a lit-up tower with a nozzle...behind the bar. I totally had visions of "weezin' the juice!" Boo!

I would come back to Yolos on another trip, and I would sample a few of the appetizers next time! I'm looking forward to it!

Go here.