After reading all of the rave reviews and seeing a photo of a dripping Cheese Boyger, I was eager to try the food at this little eatery.  I took along Diane, another male friend who is always game to try a new top burger, and his burger-loving wife.  Even though the establishment wouldn't make any burgers medium rare, all of us were very satisfied with our burgers.  My Cheese Boyger with everything featured a quarter-pound beef patty prepared medium well, cool pickles, lettuce, a large slice of fresh tomato, relish, mustard, chipotle mayonnaise, and melted American Cheese on a soft bun, and I added some available Heinz Tomato Ketchup.  There was little American Cheese inside but the burger was still quite tasty.  

I also enjoyed Chencho Fat Fries that contained chopped chicken, Green Sauce, and melted Mozzarella Cheese spread over the fries.  I noted that the soft fries themselves absorbed some liquid from the other ingredients.

But I was really most impressed with my Wet Boyrrito with Beef, Red Sauce & Beans on the inside, and Mozzarella Cheese and Green Sauce on the outside.  This was one of the best burritos I have had outside of Southern California.  The Green Sauce was real good and zesty but not too spicy, small cubes of steak inside had a grilled flavor, the beans were small and tasty, and some of the Mozzarella Cheese melted nicely on top of the fairly large burrito.  I will likely come back for this.

So, while the Cheese Boyger and Chencho Fries did not blow me away, the Wet Boyrrito was a nice surprise.  And, I liked that the friendly cooks were willing to prepare a Boyrrito just as a diner would like it (e.g., with or without rice, beans, beef, or chicken, and with Red Sauce, Green Sauce, or no sauce).

The place is a small and unassuming storefront situated in the middle of a strip mall.  But it is comfortable enough, and free refills are allowed for fountain soft drinks.  Above all, the freshly prepared food is excellent, which should count the most.  

I, too, am now a fan!  4-1/2 Stars!