Abuelo's bills itself as an Embassy of Mexican Food, and the posh decor certainly sets the stage. Picture this: shopping in Caesar's Palace with recessed fluorescent lighting trimming a domed ceiling, Dia De Los Muertos and Latin artistic touches in the plentiful paintings (including a pairs shot of Frida Kahlo and Alejandro Gómez Arias), many well-appointed nooks for dining with relative separation from the din, and hints of rural Spanish cathedrals.

Only a verbose description properly corrals the elements of this experience - a feast for the eyes. That is only matched by the feast found on their menu. I position my rating by saying that the food is slightly more traditional, with less focus on fusion combos and more on the individual flavors of key ingredients. I recommend the layered dip, with seasoned ground beef, melted queso, guac, sour cream and peppers. A lovely starter that is easily shared by two. And the complementary salsa is above average, with a well-thought-out single serving bowl per person.

The Green Chile Stew (while John, our server, raved about it) was ok. I love spice; however, the black pepper overpowered the green chiles. The beef was tender but sinewy at points; and the potatoes seemed an afterthought, having not fully absorbed the flavor of the sauce. I wanted to try the Cilantro Lime (chicken with pozole), but it was not available on that visit.

Also, the Espinaca Casserole had some great spinach but only one piece of mushroom and no noticeable peppers, as promised on the menu. Oddly, it included corn, which was not mentioned. Won't venture there again.

My dinner companion had the "linebacker's meal," as she called it (saving the leftovers for her hubby). It was the well-priced $14.95 Monterrey, with sour cream chicken enchilada, avocado enchilada, spinach enchilada, chicken ranchera enchilada, cheese chile relleno, crispy chicken taco and guacamole. The plate was scorching and the selection was amazing; something worth testing with a friend. She said it was all good but not terribly memorable.

Highlight of the trip was the service. I would have likely come back to try other selections, like some of the seafood dishes and margaritas; still, the hospitality, the attentiveness, the genuine listening skills and the efficiency will definitely make this a repeat venue.

So, be sure to sample a sampler and take a leisurely walk around the restaurant to acquaint yourself with the art, statues and murals. Tell Frida, I said "hi."