The heat was intense against the back of my neck. I could feel the sweat running down into the collar of my shirt and racing to the center of my back. As I looked at my friends across the table from me, their eyes were closed in fear of certain blindness, the sun was the enemy. All seemed okay once their sunglasses were positioned and the drinks arrived, though the heat from the north side of the restaurant was still there. Gallons of sangria could only temper the heat yet never conquers; we leave that for the soon coming night. 

I know I know, it sounds like a horrible start to a horrible experience, it wasn't really, I swear. Only a quirk in the new breakfast, lunch and dinner eatery located inside of the Clarendon Hotel. To be fair they were pretty busy and there weren't too many seating options available to us at the time, so we took what we were offered. The space is lined both the east and north sides with large windows that allow for great light and heat. So if you're fair skinned like myself or you're Vampire, ask to be sat somewhere away from the windows or you might not have an unpleasant experience. Okay, moving on now.

Like at many Mexican food restaurants you'll be served chips and salsa but GB does it so much better. Not only are the chips thick and crispy but also there are 4 different salsas to dip from including a smooth and creamy green salsa, which was a hit at the table. Be warned though, both red salsas are on the spicy side and while I love spicy be warned. If you'd like to have more fun dipping those deliciously crunchy chips, order the Guacamole ($7). This dip is far chunkier and interesting with nice large cubes of avocado and chili that'll give your chips reason and purpose. The taste is superb and fresh, it should be since each bowl is made when the order is placed, good stuff!

Have you ever heard of Chicharrón? In Latin American Chicharrón has many recipes but in its simplest, it's fried pork skin a.k.a. pork cracklin's or pork rinds. Hope I haven't lost you here because GB does a cool thing with this idea. Instead of fatty pork skin they use cheese and instead of fry they griddle the cheese till it's nice and crunchy then they shape it into a cone while it's still hot. The Chicharrón de Queso ($7) is then served with an aji aioli. What better to have cheese with than mayo, right? The deeply flavored cheese is also great with salsa and the guacamole. 

I can honestly say from a foodie perspective, tacos are as perfect as pizza. There's a balance of flavors and textures that really get me growling for more and GB don't disappoint. At $2 each you have a choice of pork, steak, and veggie. All are served on a fresh made corn tortilla and each with their very own adornments.  The fish tacos are made with eco friendly fish, I guess they drive hybrid vehicles, and are market priced. Shaved lettuce, pico de gallo and guacamole shored this tasty taco. The carne asada is made with grilled ribeye and has a covering of charred tomato salsa. Since these are only $2 each, why not try them all?

All the taco flavors can be also ordered as a torta for $7. Hot grilled telera bread piled high with tender ribeye and avocado was a sheer pleasure to eat. Well balanced bread to meat ratio and with just enough toppings to make the sandwich hold together perfectly. The tortas are ala carte so you might want to go ahead and order a side of French Fries ($2), which are house cut and well seasoned and are a wonderful compliment.  Of course they have one American favorite and they do it really well and that's the Cheeseburger ($7). This is after all a breakfast, lunch and dinner hotel restaurant so I think it's a given to have this on this menu. Perfectly cooked in all its great beefiness, this is an outstanding cheeseburger and even comes with French fries. 

GB can't all be spicy and savory; they also make some wonderful desserts that are worth saving room for. Take the tender Crepas con Cajeta ($4) which takes crepes, sliced bananas and peanuts then stacks them up for a nice sharable dessert. Though the peanuts were a bit chewy, I think crunchy peanuts would have made a better contrast, it's a personal taste though. My to die for favorite was the Postre de Chocolate ($5) which is a glass filled with creamy smooth house made chocolate pudding, then tops it with graham cracker pieces and marshmallow fluff. Seriously fantastic, all you need is a campfire, oh wait, the heat on the back of my neck will do.

Gallo Blanco is working on the sun issue and will soon have shades as well as an outdoor patio. A new place is always a work in progress and Gallo Blanco is certainly worth using a little bit of sunscreen in the meantime.