I've been a fan of Zaba's ever since my college days when I used to visit the original Flamingo location by UNLV on a weekly basis, and sometimes much more often.  Later after I moved out of my parents house the location on Eastern and Silverado Ranch became the location of choice as it was close to my house (nothing says freedom like driving yourself to get a massive burrito).  I still find myself going to that location quite often, and now I mix in the Rampart location for lunch as it's closest to my work.   The moral of the story: I've been eating Zaba's regularly for over 10 years, and have no plans on stopping anytime soon.

Zaba's vs Chipotle is a no brainer to me.  I find Zaba's meat and rice to have much better flavors overall, though I will admit I'm not much of a fan of Zaba's carnitas and that's the one thing I prefer at Chipotle.  The chicken at Zaba's usually has this salty crust on the outside of the chunks that I just love that Chipotle doesn't replicate, and though I love the Barbacoa at Chipotle the Shredded Beef at Zaba's is a slightly superior version in my opinion.  Never been a fan of the steak at either place, as I usually find it overcooked.  I love that Z's has a wheat tortilla option and has always had Brown Rice as long as I can remember, because I like to feign like I'm eating healthy when I'm shoving a 3 pound burrito in my mouth and washing it down with a bag of chips and a giant Barq's root beer.  Those are my own personal choices though and the point is you can construct some healthy offerings here if you so desire.

I do tend to do Zaba Bowls however when I go and don't wish to gorge myself, with Brown Rice, Black Beans, Chicken, and either the medium or hot salsa.  The medium salsa (it's green) is the best salsa available  Then I like to take the chips (which are FAR better than Chipotles chips) and make some sort of super nachos out of the bowl by generously scooping.  I've also been known to occasionally get shredded beef in the bowl, and sometimes tacos, and if I'm really hungry, burritos. I like nearly every option except for the salad because I avoid lettuce whenever possible, and I tried the quesadilla years ago and found it very greasy and difficult to eat (they probably have improved)

All that being said, this specific location doesn't quite get the full 5 stars from me because sometimes they seem a little less prepared than I'm used to at Eastern, and the guacamole has seemed a little runny the last few times I've eaten there.  I'd still take it over Chipotle any day though.