Did Sunday brunch here during restaurant week.  Definitely has an open, modern feel to it.  Quite a large space with ample seating inside, about a dozen or so seats around the bar and a nice sized patio outside.  Some of the outdoors seats are under an umbrella and some are not.  There were heaters on the patio too, so I am assuming that outside seating is still available on cooler days/evenings.

We had a reservation, but it was not overly crowded so I do not think you need one if you are heading there for brunch.  There were two menus, the restaurant week menu and the standard menu.  Both looked really good.  The standard menu, more of a American-Mexican vibe, had french toast, steak and eggs, salad, burritos, fish tacos, english muffins and a egg & tortilla chip dish.  They also have sides of chips and salsa with some options for guacamole.  In addition, they also have a select menu of  brunch drinks, including sangria, margaritas and bloody mary's.  The food portions were extremely good and very ample in size.  None of us left hungry.  We ordered the burritos, fish tacos and egg/tortilla chip dish.  Very good mix of flavors, nothing overpowering or standing out significantly, all the flavors blended well!

In addition to the brunch cocktails, they have a highly extensive list of tequila and mescal.  They do have some other bourbon, scotch, rum, gin and vodka choices.  For me, I was very interested in trying a flight of tequila.  I cannot remember how many choices there were, but it was over 30 producers, with most of them showcasing their black, resposado and anejo versions.  Since most of the producers listed were not known to me, it was nice that they had a short description of the type of tequila the producer made.  I opted for the Ocho, which is a single-estate tequila producer.  They also provide a small sample of 'sangria' to use as a palate cleanser between each drink.

The service was quite friendly and very willing to answer questions.  The servers gave off a nice laid back vibe, which is perfect for a Sunday morning.

I would definitely head back here for sure, the food is quite good and the drink menu is something I would enjoy sampling around again.