(Make a reservation!)

We decided to try this place on a recommendation from a partner at my Fiancés firm(I guess he knows the owners). He knew we loved rhythm and wine so he absolutely insisted we try their other restaurant too.. So glad we did!

The guys both had inferno burritos which they loved but were taken aback by the heat, still really enjoyed the dish though.

I had the smoky pork hatch quesadilla which was delicious and had just the right amount of heat considering the hatch chiles. 

Chips and salsa were fantastic, we all love flour tortilla chips when we find them. It's a nice surprise and a good deviation from boring corn tortilla chips. Drinks were also great, we had the "special" of the evening which was a Tangerita. Tasted like a tangy orange creamsicle!

The only thing keeping from a 5star rating was the service. We made a reservation and although we were a few minutes tardy, there still seemed to be great confusion as to where we were to be sat. I can only assume the hosts were feeling a bit overwhelmed there must have been 25 people waiting to sit. Then our server, JJ, was at first hyper attentive coming for drink and food orders twice before we even had a chance to look at the menu. Then brought the check before dinner was even through and we dodnt see her again for wuite some time. We had planned on another round of cocktails and some dessert but she had already brought the check. Once we finished dinner she asked if we were ready to pay?? We said no we would like to see a dessert menu to which she responded "oh well I don't need to bring the menu, I can just tell them to you" which she did, in mediocre detail. She asked if we still wanted dessert and we said of course, we ordered a TA-COokie (their version the pizzookie) and were going to order a second dessert as their were two couples but she insisted it was enough to share for the 4 of us, then walked away. Still not offering another round of drinks.

The TA-COokie was just OK , severely undercooked even for being a pizzookie but who doesn't like raw cookie dough? We ate the whole thing any way.

Overall we had a great experience, being in the restaurant business I know sometimes servers just lose their steam towards the end of a shift, but it's always good when the quality of food outweighs the service and in this case it more than made up for it. Will definitely be back