I assume most people have been to a Pollo Loco and know the deal. This place is completely typical when it comes to their food. This is a review about customer service only. Read Mamie P's review if you want to know about the food.

I was at first CONFUSED and then AMAZED by the service at this location. 

CONFUSION: There were at least 7 people waiting for their food when I arrived. I have seen those kinds of lines (and much worse) at busy McDonalds near highways, but never at a Pollo Loco in the middle of town. No one was waiting to order, so I was able to step right up to the counter. The place was packed, so I chalked up the long line to the busy time of day. And oddly the people in line did not seem annoyed (as I would have been waiting for some simple grilled Pollo). After ordering I stood and watched the most AMAZING customer service I have ever seen at a fast food restaurant.

AMAZED: I was greeted sincerely and warmly by the employee who was mopping the floor. She was so genuine in her greeting, that it took me a few seconds to register that she had spoken to me. I later observed an employee placing a red cell phone on the counter and then announcing she had discovered it while cleaning up. Minutes later, a woman was walking toward the counter looking frantically about and talking about a lost cell phone. The employee who had found the phone, told the customer where it had been located and what steps she had taken to keep if safe. The customer was extremely grateful (as anyone would be) and both were smiling as they walked toward the phone. As a group of regulars (Is there a such thing in a Pollo Loco) were leaving, they were all cracking jokes with the employees cleaning up the seating areas. The women all seemed to know each other and as the customers left smiling, the employee said something POSITIVE about them to another worker. Next, I watched the manager check each and every container to be sure that the items contained therein were correct. When my food was ready, the manager greeted me with a warm smile, opened up the box to show me my order and asked if everything looked OK. And he seemed interested in my answer. I was so busy enjoying the atmosphere in the busy place, I was not even slightly annoyed with the wait time. 

I think I see why this place is packed. They clearly care about the people who come and spend their hard earned money on their Pollo.

Could this have been anomaly? Sure. 

And I don't plan to make a special trip find out. 

But if I am in the area looking for some crazy Pollo, I will absolutely return to this location. I have NEVER seen such fantastic service at a chain food food restaurant in this city. I am a huge fan of the Pollo Loco on Stephanie.