Prologue: On March 19, 2013, I read an article on the Phoenix New Times website, listing the top 10 burritos in Phoenix Metro. I hadn't tried one of them. Being the founding member of the "Because Burrito" lifestyle, I took it upon myself to try every last burrito on the list. So began my journey... So began...

THE BURRITO BUCKET LIST
Volume 1

This morning I was sitting in my little cube, thinking about how I could convince Jesse to have lunch at Asadero Toro, so I could knock the first burrito off my list - the classic carne asada. Just as I was collecting my nerves for my proposition, Jesse emailed me. She was feeling ill, and would need to go home early. God's glorious light shined down upon me and I knew that fate and I both had the same shit-eating grin plastered on our dumb faces.

After dropping Jesse off at home with a sandwich, I peeled out and beelined it straight to Asadero Toro. When I entered the establishment, the first thing I noticed was the salsa bar. Red chili, tomatillo with avocado, and molcajete, along with key limes and some other stuff (sorry, I'm primarily a salsa hound). This was not the variety I've seen at some other restaurants, but if it's good shit, I only need one type.

I walked up to the cashier, looking at the menu, faking like I was trying to make up my mind. I was pretty nervous about beginning my burrito adventure, and I'm sure it was noticed by the woman behind the counter, as she stared at my twitchy face with eyes drowning in unease. Finally, she broke the silence. "Are you ready?"

"Carne asada burrito." The words gushed from my mouth. Suddenly her face changed, as if she suddenly understood the goings-on in my head. I paid and told her my order was to go, and she handed me a small Styrofoam container to hold my salsas. THIS HAS NEVER HAPPENED TO ME. I was in love. Long have I wallowed in the misery of having to balance my many salsas in the same bag as my burrito. This was a very welcome development, and I quickly gathered my salsas - two reds, one green, one molcajete, two limes just in case.

I got back to work with my burrito bag held close and promptly walked to the courtyard to feast. I tore the top half of aluminum foil from the underlying burro, and took a BIG ASS BITE. Immediately I noted the buttery flakiness of the tortilla and the slight crisp the meat had to it. These guys know how to grill asada. The New Times had told me it was nothing but "straight-up meat," and they came correct on that. Straight-up, well-cooked, quality meat. I tried all of the salsas, but I stuck mostly with the red, as it was the spiciest, the most flavorful, and chunkier than most reds I've had, which I found was to my extreme liking. It was greasy, but the kind of greasy I can get down with. At the bottom of the burro I ran into a small pool of greasy meat, and the grease dripped down my chin with each generous chomp. I could have done with a little extra drainage prior to wrapping. But hey - the whole thing was a bundle of great, and I can handle a little extra grease.

I got up and collected the remains of my burrito carnage, and the coworker sitting behind me said, "Boy, that was fast."

I responded, "Apparently you haven't seen me eat before."

Good job, Asadero Toro, you have given me a new favorite carne asada burro. And so far, New Times is one for one.

Asadero Toro Carne Asada Burrito - 9/10