This is my first visit to Rivas.  The food here is very tasty and fresh.  I walked in here and ordered 2 tacos.  1 steak and 1 shrimp.  I didn't order anything else because I was worried that I wouldn't like the food but I was wrong!   I am mildly allergic to shrimp, but I love shrimp and had to order one lol.  The rash on my face will go away in 1 day so no worries.  I'm glad I went against my health because the shrimp tacos are delish and have great seasoning.  If you try the shrimp on its own it is a bit salty but in the taco, it really makes the flavor stand out and the salt is evened out by the other toppings.  The tacos come with pico de gallo and guacamole.  I am not a fan of pico de gallo since I don't like raw tomatoes.  I asked the cashier if I could get onion and cilantro instead of pico de gallo which are considered "extra toppings"(75 cents each) and she said yes :) . When I got my tacos, they had no cilantro and they said they had ran out :( My tacos were still good.  The steak taco was very good as well.  The steak was tender, juicy and seasoned perfectly.  They have a salsa bar and the green salsa is good and spicy( I love spicy food) so beware if you can't handle the heat.  Salsa heat scale 7/10.  For the tacos they use the regular corn tortillas instead of the small taco tortillas.  The tacos are big.  The tortillas are soft so my tacos broke when I was eating the taco (hate it when this happens).  My grandma was always very very picky with the way tortillas are warmed up, and she would not have been happy with Rivas.  Since they were not warmed long enough they broke easily.  The guacamole here is very good and thick which I love.  After I ate my 2 tacos I got up to order one more shrimp taco!  This place is 2 minutes away from my house so if I am really craving these tacos I would stop my here for them.
 But for the best Mexican tacos I would go somewhere else.  So far these are my rankings for best tacos(in my opinion) in Vegas.  Keep in mind that I am looking for authentic tasting/looking tacos.  
#1- Las Taquizas (Lamb/Bonanza) taco truck
#2-El Cordobes (Tropicana/Nellis)
#3- Rivas Mexican Grill
#4-Taco Tijuana (Forgot the streets/google it)
You can see my reviews for all these.  Thank you, 
Taco Lady