I love unique flavor combinations that are not overpowering.  Most of the dishes have a unique ingredient that gives it a new twist, without taking over the traditional base.  My favorite dish by far here is the Baja Ceviche.  It inspires me to make my own ceviche at home every time i have it.   A delicate blend of fish, shrimp, red onions, tomato, avocado and a fresh cilantro sauce drizzled over.   

My other favorites from prior visits are the empanadas and the sweet green mini tamales.  Last night I had the chicken poblano enchiladas.  Let me say I have been craving green enchiladas for about 6 months.  I loved the chicken filling and loved the addition of thinly sliced portobello mushrooms, corn, nopal and poblano on top,  BUT there was WAY too much Green sauce, drowning some of the awesome flavors.  Would have been much better with a drizzling of the green sauce and the addition of some melted white cheese.  After all it can't be great enchiladas without lots of cheese.   

My husband had the carnitas,  which were delicious.  Again unique ingredients added a twist,  bacon, citrus and a bed of polenta underneath.  His flour tortilla was the yummy authentic type.  

My other favorite last night was the CABO RITA, mmmmmm,  pear puree in a  margarita made with fresh lime juice and agave,  versus sweet and sour and triple sec.   One of the best margaritas I've ever had.  

Sadly the service SUCKED.  Our waitress never once came to check on us.  We had to wave her,  or the busboy down every time we needed something.  It even took 20 minutes just to get and process the check and we had to ask 3 times to move it along.   Also, sadly, when we made the reservation, they promised a pool view booth which was not available when we got there.  there was a front pool view table, which we said we would take, but it was "reserved"  to make a big table for a future reservation.   When we left, it was occupied by another couple, not  a big table.   Being lied to doesn't make the guest feel appreciated. 

Had it not been for the service and the over abundance of green sauce, and the slight overprices,  I would rate 5 stars. The awesomeness of the Ceviche and the Margarita, raise it from 3 stars to 4.  

If you like unique tastes,  I would still recommend.   

The night was capped beautifully by a fun shopping excursion at my stores, Misura, Paradiso and Ruby Blue near the valet entrance!