This was my first trip to Verde and I  normally do not write a review unless I have experienced a restaurant at least twice, but I wanted to chime in here to counter some of the negative reviews as well as to provide some perspective here.  Full disclosure, I worked in Tucson AZ for almost two years and have traveled extensively through Mexico.  So, with that...

I think the food is very good Mexican food for anywhere, nearly stunning by Pittsburgh standards.    I was there with a group and we did an entire group tasting menu, complete with the house margaritas which where tasty and not too potent for a Sunday night.   

The tomatillo salsa was good, with nice spicing and depth of flavor. I could have used a bit more heat but in all very well done.  We ordered some guacamole that was good, not great.  I generally like a bit more heat and flavor but clearly it was better than most I have had locally.

The vegetarian empanadas were a favorite of the table, light and tasty with a great pepito sauce that gave them the right zing.   The crust was light and fluffy, reminiscent of puff pastry dough.

The seviche special was swordfish and I expected tough and fishy, and got just the opposite.  Light and tasty with a great citrus and spice flavor that worked well with the simply prepared but yummy fried plantains.   

The pulled port tamale was quite good, probably the best I have had in the Pittsburgh area.  I would generously compare it to those I have had in TX and AZ, with great texture and flavor throughout with just enough kick for balance.  

We moved to the smoked chicken enchiladas which were very tasty, and while they were a bit heavily sauced, still quite authentic and well balanced.   I would give them a good not great if not for the really awesome smokey flavor of the chicken, that really made the dish.  

The carne asada was good, again not great but a great option for the "less than adventurous" in the group.  Note that it was very well prepared, we ordered medium rare and it was perfect.  

Last but certainly not least were the fish tacos, specifically mahi mahi.  They were a joy and definitely the best I have had in Pittsburgh.  The mahi was well spiced and full of flavor.  Served in classic San Diego style with cabbage and sauce, I found them to be a favorite of the meal.

In all, the place is well done and I recommend it as both a place for a nice meal with friends as well as a dinner with the family.  I thought that the only drawback was the ambiance, as it was a bit too trendy and open which could work against it during a crowded night.  It was quiet the night we were there but I could see on a busy night it could be a bit on the loud side.   

I highly recommend Verde!