I liked this place! I came here during happy hour mid-week.  I found the decor to be interesting, which is important to me, as I like having things that catch my eye. That strange Disney-looking pile of TV screens hanging over the bar certainly was interesting, though I can't say its my type of decor, and it clashed with the reddish/orange theme of the space. (I have to add, aren't there more colors than red/orange for new restaurants? I'm starting to get tired of this color palette!) 

Anyway, the interior was pleasant. I sat on the bench-style seating along the casino and it was sufficiently comfortable. I don't do tall bar-chairs, and they had those, too.  The place was not full at all, and our geeky waiter, who was a bit forgetful, was quite pleasant.  We tried every single happy hour appetizer offered (embarrassing) but that night was drown-my-sorrows night, so I deserved them.

The cheese dip was good. I LOVE cheese. I must have been a mouse in my previous life. This was real cheese, not that Velveeta-smooth stuff other restaurants sell as food. The guacamole was good but we had to add salt to bring out the flavor. The chips were heat-lamp warm rather than freshly-made warm, but no complaints- they did their job and tasted fine. I liked the chicken wings- crisp and moist and tasty! 

I enjoyed the chicken mini-tacos and liked them even better with the accompanying pico de gallo. The quesadillas were boring- I'll skip those next time.  The chimi taquitos were all right- fried rolled flour tortillas stuffed with some kind of meat. I think I was full by the time I got to them or I'd probably be a little more enthusiastic. Or not. They were just all right. 

I prefer "authentic" Mexican cuisine, but I will settle for tasty chain-restaurant-level Mexican when I need a fun fix.   I may not be raving over the food and the service could have been a little more attentive, but it is what it is. No major complaints to keep me from coming back.  If I were staying at Red Rock I'd hang out here for a bit.