Mmm... just by exiting your car in the teeny tiny parking lot you can smell the smoke of the kitchen doing its thing... like a cartoon character being led by a visual scent you follow it into the restaurant... but make sure to watch your step!

This is where I go to have a American (New Mexican) version of Tapas dining! And if you can help it, grab a bar stool down in the Basement Bar at happy hour to score the deals! I love the cozy ambiance of the entire restaurant, but going down the stairs and into a basement in Phoenix is a rare experience--and this one in particular transports you to another place and time... LOVE IT. It's very romantic and old world feeling. Sometimes I expect a pirate to come down and order a drink!

I like to eat here tapas style, grabbing up the small plates off Rokerij's menu. During happy hour there's a lot of $5 deals but a lot of the un*ed options are too enticing to NOT try. The last time I went I went ALL SURF. Blue Crab Tostadas on the thinnest crisp blue corn tortilla chip I have ever had and the Bacon Wrapped Scallops. And to round out my 2-course small plate meal... I got the GCP... a side that Richardson's restaurants are known for: the infamous Green Chile Potato. 

In the past, I have also had the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp... I may like this MORE than the scallops as it is not as subtle a flavor and really mingles perfectly with the bacon.

If you opt for the dining experience on the main level, they have big booth seating and a bar upstairs as well. They also have a big room in back for bigger parties! When dining in that room it feels special somehow. I love the big chalk boards that list all the daily specials... they are really Surf and Turf Specialists with SO MANY choices it's ridiculous... but in a good way! Just wait as the Waiter/Waitress attempts to rattle all of them off for you!

Word of slight caution, because it's New Mexican cuisine, they do like to add heat to their sauces. And a word about sauces... they like to drench dishes in them, so if you don't like that, have them put it on the side for your discretion.

And last, I will leave you with a story you would only get at a restaurant chain that has burning embers in its web address. I was dining with co-workers on a business lunch and one of our party was approached by the waitress with an apologetic look on her face. She told him that she was sorry but that his order fell into the fire in the oven and that she had forgot what it was (The Mahi Mahi Sandwich) and needed to get the order it again. What? Really?! Yes, really! They whipped out his meal part deux quickly after that but I still think that's pretty darn funny and not something you'd hear about just anywhere!