Well another group was walking out as we were walking towards it. When we asked what happend? They just said it was to expensive, $10-$12 a plate. Not to to expensive, so we still went in.

The place is super small. L shaped dining area. Not really good for more than 1 large group. There was 5 of us and a group of 6 already took the more comforatable spot. So we squeezed into a 4 sitter, not to uncomfortable. Come in twos and it'll work fine. Nicole was our server and she was very helpful to our questions and accomodated our split check request.

I ordered the Green Chili Cornbread: Even though it's in the appetizer section - it's huge. I was able to split it among the five of us and we all agreed, it was delicious! Cornbread with corn kernals, black beans topped with pulled pork. Yum Yum! I also order the Fuego Tacos, shrimp. The taco's were super filled and overflowing with shrimp and toppings - no skimping on the shrimp here! The spanish rice was delicious, usually I don't bother with it if it comes with the meal, but I actually enjoyed it. The black beans...well they were black beans - one bite was enough.

Two of my coworkers went with the sliders. One got meatloaf, the other got chicken. Both wanted the beef - but no beef! Apparently the stopped selling the beef sliders. Really?! Both came with sweet potato fries. The meatloaf was too small, and she normally eats like a bird sooo yea. The chicken was good. Since the didn't have the Green Chili Beef, she got a side of green chili to eat with her chicken sliders. Both said the sweet potato fries were delicious, and I agree as I stole a few.

My Lead got the Chili Rellano or as we were saying Chili Jay Leno. It was HUGE!!! She actually cut up half of it and shared with us. It was evenly fried and covered with the panko covering. Filled with chicken and cheese - it was really delicious. I'll be getting that next time.

Finally, my other coworker got the Fuego Salad with Chicken. She said the dressing was really good. It had a sweet and tangy taste to it. At one point I caught her breathing out of her mouth and I asked if it was spicy - YES! And we started laughing. It came with those chips tossed on top to give it that crunch. She really enjoyed it.

Other than that, it was a really filling delicious meal. The seating arrangements suck but they made it work. I used the bathroom while there, it was unisex. But it was really cute and homey. It had a little table with a lamp lit, so you can turn on the overhead or just leave only the lamp on. It was colorfully painted and nicely decorated, just don't mind the huge packages of toilet paper under the sink. LoL