Anyone who's been reading the reviews I have posted since we moved to the Phoenix area knows I have been in search of good chile rellenos.  It's been frustrating.  How hard is it to take a poblano, roast and peel it, stuff it with cheese, batter it, fry it, arrange it on a plate and dribble sauce on it?  (Well, obviously not SO easy or I'd make the damn things at home!)  

So DH and DD (Dear Dog) and I took a road trip to Tucson to check out Mt. Lemmon.  (It rained---what was that all about?)  and we come cruising back into the Phoenix area about 8.30 pm Saturday night and DH is asking what we are having for dinner.  "Whatever we stop and pick up", says me!  I am thinking Mexican in my head, but unlike back in the old 'Hood, there ain't a Mexican joint on every corner.  I guess we like Mexican food a lot more in the Midwest, or maybe it's because most Arizonians know how to make it at home and Ohioians don't or something.  So we are driving past Indian Bend exit off 101 and I remember I saw this fast food Mexican restaurant there when we went to LampsPlus.  So I tell DH and he recognizes the name Filiberto's.  Apparently, this was the after-hours food of choice when his brother and his friends had the munchies after a night of bar-hopping.  They said it was really good, DH says, but I don't know how toasted they were when they ate it.  But we figure---what the heck....

Well, first of all, the shopping center parking lot is like a carnival.  Full of cars and people.  Apparently, they are having the world's biggest cruise-in!  But the line is short at the Filiberto's drive-thru so we pull up.  OH.  MY.  GOSH.  Number 17.  Two chile rellenos.  Okay, calm down.  This is a fast food joint.  I have been let down at some fine restaurants when it comes to rellenos.  So I order the #17, hold the rice, extra refried beans.  In the meantime, a car with a Big Muffler and a Big Stereo pulls up behind us going bruuuuum...bruuuuum.....!  Now DH doesn't eat a lot of Mexican (he's all about Italian) and he hates loud noises and we are kind of tired and nervy after a lot of hiking and driving and basically starving to death so he gets stressed and orders the #7, then as we sit, starts b*****ing because he got shredded beef and he hates shredded beef because it's always garbage.  Which I don't get, because you really don't know what's in hamburger, but that's just a spousal conflict.  (I do have reason for mentioning this---read on)  

One thing we notice is that looking through the drive-thru window, the food prep area was SPOTLESS!  As DH said, you could have eaten off the floor.  Big Points!

Window girl asks if we want red or green chile sauce.  We order both and she brings us three little cups of each.  I will mention that when we tried it, we found it bland and unexciting, but I told DH that a lot of times, servers will err on the cautious side because a lot of people don't like spicy the way we do.

All the way back to Cave Creek, delicious aromas are eddying up from the bag.  SERIOUSLY delicious.  We almost fall over each other getting into the house.  Okay---cut to the chase.  I think I have found my relleno nirvana.  Oh, wow, they were good.  And so were the beans.  Right on par with Sammy's Burritos and Burgers!  And I was eating them lukewarm because I didn't want to heat up the guac, pico, sour cream and lettuce that was in the carry-out box and we were too lazy and hungry to empty things out onto plates.  Oh, the deep fried, cheesy, peppery goodness...  I can't explain how happy that makes me!

Now, remember I mentioned DH and the shredded beef?  He could not say enough good things about the taste and high quality of the beef in the taco.  He thought the whole meal was fresh and of excellent quality and not at all "fast-foody".  In fact, he immediately texted his brother (who now lives in Cleveland) to say: wow.

I couldn't eat my whole meal, so I had about half for the next day.  I could hardly wait for lunch---surely the goodness of that relleno was the result of starvation.  Nope---and this time I took the time to separate cold from hot and warm up the beans and relleno.  It was as good as a leftover for Sunday lunch as it was dinner on Saturday.  Yummo!

So, I am going to have Filiberto's again very soon to see if this was an anomaly or these chile rellenos are this good all the time.  My only caveat is the closest Filiberto's is SIXTEEN MILES from my house.  What---are they prejudiced against Northern Phoenix?  What's this all about?  Why do they only have Filiberto's at Bell Road and further south.  Don't folks north of Bell deserve the good stuff?  I mean--Taco Bell?  Huh.  But I am very excited.  Yay!  Thank you, Filibertos---you have made me so happy!