Fiesta Jalisco is the newest of the Downtown Matthews Mexican Triangle.  Two blocks or less from each other there are three Mexican Restaurants!

Today is Tuesdays and I'm checking this place out for the Tuesday Fajita Special!  Greeted by four friendly staff members and warm Chips, that is a good sign!  They have really fixed this place up, it looks like a Fiesta!

Salsa and Pico de Gallo to go with my Chips and Fajitas.  The Salsa was fresh and served with a Spoon (that is a GREAT sign - Pile it on!) with plenty of: Onion, Cilantro and Jalapeno and of course Tomato (I left out the Tomato one time and another time no one could guess the primary ingredient).  This Salsa had good flavor, better than most and "spicier" than many places serve.  Maybe it needed more Garlic?  Want a kiss?  The Pico was made with Cabbage and it better be if you want me as a fan.  I had Two plates of Pico and two bowls of Salsa!  Anyone want to go on a road trip in a smart car with me?  If you don't get it you don't get it!

The Fajitas came out sizzling and appeared plain compared to the overcooked version I'm used too!  The flavor was very good and perfectly cooked!  These are not the overly seasoned variety that gives Mexican food a bad name.  the Peppers and onions were perfect still full of color since they had been prepared so carefully, or perhaps they only wanted to serve me fast!  The result was better than I expected!

The only letdown of the meal was the Guacamole, though fresh it had way too much SALT!  Which I'm sure they will fix because Nothing else in the meal was salty. I'm not a fan of Guac anyway so it matters very little to me!  It only appears here for you!

Here is the yelp star rating for my dine for lunch today!

Salsa: 3.65 yelp stars (I ate two bowls)

Pico de Gallo: two plates and 3.95 stars

Chicken Fajitas:  4.25 stars

The Service was great, friendly, polite and the request were executed perfectly!  The service as usual with my reviews does not increase the overall rating of my review! 

The music was what I would expect and some of the better tunes that I hope for though do not expect!

This is at least the fourth Business to go in this spot since I moved to the area in 2003.