Fantastic.. This is a great place to get some tasty Mexican food and margaritas. The Prickly Pear Margarita is wonderful, but you have to have a sweet tooth for it, however, their regular lime margaritas are some of the best in town. 

The Motto of the restaurant is "Some like it hot" and for the most part, you do need to like spicy food to eat here. There are menu items that are low on the spicy side, however the salsas are usually pretty hot. When I say "usually" it means that it isn't always very spicy and this when people can be disappointed in the restaurant. Everything is homemade and made by scratch, which is a good thing but doesn't mean everything is going to be the same. The chili's that they use to make the salsa and sauces etc, are spicy depending on the season. (Just like in the store, you can only really get cherries at certain times). I've found the the summer season, esp. June is when Molinos is at its hottest (ate there a few days ago and had to down 3 huge glasses of water to make it through the meal).  In the winter months things are usually not very hot there.. But still tasty. 

What I usually get is the Carne Adovada Chimichanga with green chili.. it is to die for, I've gotten it many times and I would have to say its one of the best chimichanga I have ever had. A couple of other items that are good is the blue corn enchiladas with green chill and the carne adovada platter is excellent. 

The reason Molinos doesn't get five stars is because service can sometime be.. interesting. This one on Washington isn't very busy, however, it seems like there is really only one waiter taking care of the restaurant so it can take time to place orders, but food comes out quickly. 

The Molinos on Central Ave, there are more servers but it ten times busier and when the servers/hostess gets stressed out they tend to take it out on the costumers.. I had called in to get a table of eight reserved, however, when I got there with five of us and the other three where in the parking lot. I asked for our table and the hostess looked at us and asked for the rest of our party. I  explained that they were on their way in. And she replied well they're not with you, we're giving your table away. My three other people walked in before she finished saying this and she refused to change her mind. 

I would highly recommend going to the Molinos on Washington instead of Central..