This place is great! I have been here many times and the food is good and the patio is wonderful.  They even have a fireplace and can enclose it to use it in the winter.  Genius.  
The food is typical mexican food, which is fine by me because that's my favorite.  I usually go with the fajita quesadilla and always have enough to eat for lunch the next day.  I recommend chicken over steak though- last time I got steak it was so overcooked I could hardly chew it.  But the chicken is always good and cooked well.  There's also a rumor that they have free soft-serve ice cream, but I have yet to test this theory...
The only pitfall is the service sometimes.  We have had some really wonderful, engaging servers that talked with us and seemed to really be enjoying themselves but on 2 separate occasions we had terrible servers.
The first time, the girl had no clue what was on the menu, she asked my dad what a Michelob Light was, and then after a few painful minutes (yes, minutes) of trying to explain, he just said "forget it, I'll take water", but when the bill came the beer was still on there.  She looked like she was 16, so I'll give her the benefit of the doubt and assume she was brand new.
The second time, we were outside one pretty crowded Friday night.  Our waiter was great- attentive and funny.  But another woman was bringing the food and she was nasty! She had the tray and was trying to figure out who it belonged to.  Speaking at a normal volume, she asked the whole patio "who ordered a fajita quesadilla?" I was not expecting to have to be on the lookout for my food so I was talking with my friends and didn't realize it was our tray.  She said again "You'd think if someone ordered a d*** quesadilla they would speak up!" At this point I realized she was talking about mine and said "oh I did".  She practically threw our food down and stormed off without even so much as a word (although I did get a pretty nasty stink eye).  By now everyone on the patio was looking at us and I was pretty embarrassed.

Overall Mi Pueblo is fantastic and I will definitely keep going back, but some of their waitresses could stand for an attitude adjustment!