I had this place bookmarked to try so when I saw they were participating in "Restaurant Week" I figured this was as good of a time as any to give it a shot. As I approached our table and saw an avocado and lime waiting at the table I could have sworn they new me well and it was there just for moi! Of course they were on every table but an avocado lover like myself could at least dream of something so simple yet sweet! Chips and 2 kinds of salsas were brought to the table. One I didn't care much for but the other I couldn't get enough of. It had such a freshly made flavor and just the right amount of kick in it. The chips were really good. Included in our RW meal was a "Casa Rita" which it isn't for the weak and the freshly squeezed lime juice added just the right touch. For starters we had "Chile Con Queso" and Flautas De Pollo". I have to say the con queso was disappointing. I didn't think it tasted terrible but it did remind me of velveeta cheese. I personally wouldn't order the con queso again. The flautas were good with a tex-mex vibe. I am used to my flautas being made with flour tortillas so it was different to try them made with corn tortillas instead. For my main meal I had the "Tacos De Carnitas". I loved it! The pork had such a beautiful flavor. I would for sure order the tacos again. It came with beans and rice. The rice was cooked just right and the beans were beyond flavorful. as if I weren't full enough the meal was topped off with "Churros" for dessert. It was chewy and sweet. The grand marnier cajeta dipping sauce paired nice with the churros! I enjoyed my meal as well did the other people in my party. 

The service was great and it was clean inside. I saw people in jogging pants and sports bras so I guess there isn't as much of a dress code as I thought. I noticed seating outside that would be great for taco grubbing and rita guzzling should mother nature be so kind to allow it. Our server said they have happy hour Monday-Friday from 4 pm-7 pm and ladies night on Thursday where ladies get 1/2 off margaritas. They gave me a flyer for their e-club with the bill. It says they offer monthly deals and promotions.