It isn't every day that I take the time to write a review just mere hours after visiting an establishment, but given that this restaurant is still new and doesn't have a review posted yet, I decided to step up to the plate and put pen to paper (actually fingers to keyboard, but you know what I mean haha) in order to help give back to all the yelpers out there who have been so helpful to me since I first joined the site.

First, I want to let you know that restaurant.com had one of their awesome 80% off specials running a week ago and I saw this place listed with one of those great value $10 off $15 purchase coupons.   I love those coupons, because being the math nerd that I am, I am usually able to meet a friend for lunch and end up with a bill right at $15, resulting in a total bill of about $5 each (including tax and tip) with food left to spare.

So, with coupon in hand, I headed over for lunch (very easy to find, just past the post office on John St), grabbed a parking space right up front (parking lot kinda tight with the multiple rows of diagonal spaces in front, but plenty of additional spaces in back).  Have to admit that it was kind of weird to be one of maybe only 2-3 cars in the parking lot at 11:30am on a Friday, but shrugged it off to the place still being new, so I headed inside with no expectations and an open mind.

From the moment I entered, I felt very welcome, as each and every member of the staff that I encountered met me with a smile and made me feel like they were genuinely happy that I was there.  The hostess seemed to actually enjoy her job and all of the servers looked like they were excited to be there, which was a very welcome change from some restaurants where it seemed like the employees would rather be anywhere but at work.  Not the case here, as everyone was in such a great mood and it was contagious, so definite compliments to those who trained the staff as it was awesome to be in such a welcoming and friendly environment from start to finish.

Now on to the food...

The chips were fresh and not heavily salted like some places, which was a huge plus.  The red salsa had a nice flavor with just the right level of spiciness, and was not watered down or bland like the kind that is sometimes found in other places.  

They have a special lunch menu where you can "build your own super lunch" for $5.99, and this includes 2 items from the following list (Taco, Enchilada, Burrito, Chimichanga, or Tostada), with your choice of filling (Chicken, Ground Beef, Shredded Beef, Beans, or Cheese) and you get rice, beans and salad with selection.  My friend ended up doing this and adding a Beef Tamale for $1, and it was definitely a great value for the price as he had enough food left over for dinner later.  I ended up getting the Deluxe Burrito for $8.99 (goal was to get as close to $15 as possible LOL) and again, it was a great value as it was very filling and wasn't smothered in a bunch of unnecessary everything.  Very good flavor with shredded chicken that was very tender .

Service with a smile continued throughout the meal and I never once had to do the "where is my server neck workout" when my water cup was down to about half full.   We were asked multiple times how everything was, and the service was very attentive to every need without being intrusive.  

My water cup was filled consistently, salsa was refilled promptly and we were asked if we would like more chips once you could start to see the bottom of the basket.  All definitely huge pluses. especially with the coupon clearly visible on the table, as you know some places get weird on service when a coupon comes into play, but here they loved the fact that we were giving them a shot and they welcomed the restaurant.com coupon with a smile (what else haha) and returned promptly with our bill ($8.33 total after coupon).

We hung out for a while after we had paid the bill, and never once did we feel rushed, and they had no issue refilling our waters even after we had already paid.  Again, nice touch that speaks to the high level of service here.  

The coolest part was, as we were getting ready to leave, they gave us both coupons for us to use on a return visit.  Coupon #1 - 30% off dinner "if you like us on facebook", Coupon #2 - $5 off $25 purchase and Coupon #3 - Buy one app get one 50% off.  The card containing coupons 2 and 3 actually had a sample menu an social media info on the back which to me was a cool touch and a nice way to drive repeat business and additional word of mouth.  

Overall, I highly recommend that you head out to Matthews and give this new hidden gem a shot, as there is nothing better than finding that proverbial needle in the haystack, so check 'em out as it is great to find a place with such a high standard when it comes to customer service excellence.  I will definitely be back, even if I don't have a restaurant.com coupon!