So this isn't the best Mexican I have ever had, but I did have a few firsts here.  
I came here for brunch with a group who likes to share dishes - which is a total bonus in my world.  My cousin and I were looking to get a little buzz before our planned pool day (which happened to be at the same hotel the restaurant is in, Saguaro - great pool as a side note).  We were strongly advised against the Bloody Mary's by our waiter - which was appreciated...nothing is worse than a bad bloody - so there may be a reason they offer the bottomless Bloody Mary at brunch.... We went with the Agave fizz which was unique and refreshing for a Sunday morning, but watered down quickly on the patio.

We started off with the guacamole which was top-notch (my only complaint is that we did not get enough of it) and the ceviche.  Wow was the ceviche delish!!  So many interesting flavors and the lime sorbet on top was a really unique touch.  The chips were super fresh and tasty!  I would definitely recommend these two appetizers.

Our brunch "small plates" merged right into the mains...the double order of fish tacos was our favorite (only 3 per order).  They were brought out hot on an ultra modern serving dish that housed each taco individually, but the corn tortilla seemed it was heated too long and was starting to be dried/chewy.  In all honesty, they weren't the best tacos of all time, but they hit the spot that morning.  The huevos rancheros were nothing to write home about, and the chile relleno I had that day was the first one I ever tried.  I loved the description: quinoa, kale, queso oaxaca, yellow tomato puree....but in the end, I do not think I am a fan of the chile relleno..

So the digs were interesting.  We ended up sitting outside and our ambiance was the performing arts center of old town and of course eachother.  My uncle was impressed by the wood they used for the bar stools - he's into that kind of stuff..

If you go, you may just want to order a bunch of the small plates and tacos!