On the hunt for molcajetes in town, we spotted Los Molcajetes in the LV Weekly a few months ago.  We kept putting off our meal here due to things coming up, but finally I insisted that we eat here for Cinco de Mayo.  I arrived around 6, sat down and was immediately greeted by a server with chips, salsa, and a menu.  She started speaking to me in Spanish so I did my best to answer but then she alternated between Spanish and English with me the rest of the evening.  As a native Texan, I took Spanish from 1st through 11th grade but unfortunately am better at reading and writing it than speaking it, a travesty.  However, it was fun to practice.

I got a giant frozen strawberry margarita, which was rimmed with salt and something like Tajin (the fruit seasoning that is chile-limey), a water, and a tostada con ceviche de pulpo (Octopus tostada) while I waited for Eric R. to get there.  The ceviche tostada was huge for $5, and piled high with octopus, tomato, onion, cilantro, and a half avocado garnished the plate.  I sliced the avocado onto the tostada and enjoyed it crunching along.  I think I was there over an hour before Eric R. arrived, so I watched the mariachi band play at tables and had several visitors from hawkers (a child selling snacks, a man selling DVDs, a woman selling jewelry) but they left me alone when I did not show interest.

The server came and checked on me multiple times while I waited.  Eric R. finally showed up and got a frozen strawberry margarita too.  The server gave him a fresh basket of chips and we ordered the molcajete de combinacion (shrimp, beef and chicken).  It came with nopales (cactus), a tomato, radishes, queso fresco, a half avocado, 2 chiles, roasted scallions, and a side of tortillas (we ordered flour and got corn so we ended up with both)!  The molcajete was bubbling over when it arrived.  The tortillas were almost too hot to handle!  

We really enjoyed the meal, but the beef was quite tough.  The chicken was melt-in-your-mouth tender and the shrimp was fine.  I am not sure if the fajita molcajete would have different meat, so next time I would probably order a chicken molcajete.  The restaurant is also known for seafood and offers octopus, oysters, shrimp, fish, and scallop ceviche, tostadas, cocktails, and platters.  There is a $1 charge for paying by card instead of cash.