First of all, the minute you walk in you immediately feel sexier. Love the ambiance! We decided to sit at the bar. We sat there for a few minutes and were given water and chips and salsa to begin with. We were told so and so "guys name" would be with us in just a minute to take our drink order. We sat there for at LEAST twenty minutes before we had our margaritas in front of us. Meanwhile a girl comes up to us and takes our drink order and asks us if we are ready to order. We told her we wanted to start with a pitcher of margaritas and a tableside guacamole, she came over with the guacamole cart and a big lava rock molcajete to make it in. I was excited! She proceeded to prepare our guac, still no drinks! My boyfriend and I were getting anxious for our margaritas so we started paying more attention to the bartender and saw that he was on and off the computer and yes doing his job, but very visibly with no sense of urgency. The girl making our guac finished and made sure we had everything we needed. We then proceeded to eat our guac which was nothing special and still NO DRINKS! Finally we look over to the bartender and we see him on the phone and preparing what looked like to be our pitcher of margaritas. I will say it again, after at LEAST twenty minutes we finally had our drinks and you would think after a wait like that the margaritas would be awesome, but it was the contrary, the margaritas were a flop. 

By this time my boyfriend was feeling irritable because of the non professional demeanor of the bartender and the long wait for the drinks. So we moved to a table to feel more comfortable. And this is coming from people that never sit in the dining room, we always prefer to sit at the bar. Anyway, I had the carne asada and honestly it was the freaking best carne asada I've ever had. It was amazing and the whole dish was put together with perfection and it even came with a bit of chorizo which was a nice touch. My boyfriend had the tacos; his order actually came out wrong but we didn't say anything, he ended up getting one of the pastor, one of the carnitas, and one of the cochinitas tacos. He liked them and had no issues. The manager on duty made it a point to come over and talk with us about our experience and also the head chef came to our table. This is the reason I am giving them four stars. The management really cares and made it a point to come and see how our experience was going. We mentioned to Chef that our margaritas were no good and immediately the manager came back to the table and offered us a margarita on the house. We declined because we weren't going to make a fuss but we really appreciated the gesture. All in all our experience was really a three star rating because of how it started. But by the end we give it a four star rating because our food was amazing and the management really saved the night. This is a place I would visit again, the food, the ambiance and management staff are great.