Finally, Henderson (or the border with Henderson) has a good taqueria. Super B Burrito brings the simple, fresh and tasty flavors of a classic taqueria to the Vegas suburb.  The guacamole: fresh and oh so good.  The pinto beans: fresh and tasty.  The salsa and hot sauce: fresh and spicy.

Super B Burrito does the classics right.  A carne asada super burrito (around $5 plus tax) comes with rice and beans, guacamole, salsa, cheese and sour cream.  And it's good.  Real good.  Even the tortilla is well textured and chewy (i.e. not out of the freezer).  You may have noticed a repetition of the word "fresh".  It's a simple, but necessary concept for a great burrito.  Super B Burrito understands that and it's a solid taqueria because of it (and in a valley that has suffered so long with the 1-2 day old tastes of Roberto's, it's revolutionary). 

But don't think that Super B Burrito only offers the classics.  If you're a meat eater, this is your place.  They prepare pork, steak and chicken in a variety of manners.  I had the coca-cola fried pork in my burrito and it was tender and sweet, but not over-the-top sugary.  Here's how good that pork is: I always (always) order a carne asada burrito when first testing a taqueria.  But when we stepped into the place, the guy behind the counter found out it was our first time there and started offering samples of the various meats.  The pork in green chile was spicy and delicious.  But there was no challenger to the coca-cola fried pork.  It's what will keep me going back again and again. 

Unfortunately, one of the folks that came with us ordered the vegetarian burrito and it was less than stellar.  Super B Burrito basically serves up the super burrito described above without the meat as a vegetarian option.  They do add in some lettuce, but it needs a little more oomph--either the typical fajita veggies or at least a couple different types of beans would help immensely.  Without that you really notice the lack of the meat addition.  

So four stars for the pork burrito, two stars for the vegetarian.  How did we get back to four stars overall?  The customer service is exemplary.  Friendly, quick and willing to educate the customer on the taqueria's specialties.  The guy who helped us was so awesome that we were sold on supporting the business before tasting the burrito.  I will definitely be back as a repeat customer.  Hopefully, they'll improve their vegetarian burrito and we can bring the vegetarian back again for another try.