This is a split review for the Torta-Mexican Counter and the Bar.

First off, the concept of this place is cool with very hip and comtempo decor. It is basically a big "cafeteria" with food booths, a bar, and a coffee/ice cream place. I ate at the Torta place and had the half and half combo of the tortilla soup and the chicken milanese combo. I honestly thought $12 was a bit pricey for a soup and sandwich combo (that does no include your drink) at a place that is cafeteria style-food and service. The torta was actually pretty tasty and the tortilla soup had nice presentation with some spice, but the chicken in the soup tasted a little off and one piece had a bone in it, so I could not finish eating it as I was turned off it. That was my only experience with the food portion. The place looked pretty deserted when I got there, but I am attributing that to it being a weekday in DTwn Vegas and the hotel it is attached to, the Downtown Grand, having just opened in November. However, the staff that took the order didn't really seem to know what was going on and it was a bit weird trying to figure the place out. Since nobody was there, they just kinda said "hey, your food's ready" even though they had given me a pager that was supposed to light up when the food was ready for pick up. The soda fountain is also self-serve, so honestly, I was confused as to the was the "tip" line on my receipt was for. I don't tip when I go into a Taco Bell or McD's and that's pretty much the level of service you're getting here. So, two stars for this portion of the experience. Hopefully, they can sort out the kinks and find what works and what doesn't because this IS a cool concept.

Now on to the Bar. Totally different experience here. From the moment I sat down, Jesus greeted me and you could just tell he had a good energy. He was engaging and funny and won me over when he let me sample a beer to see if I would like it. The other awesome guy of the evening was Michael, the Manager. He really did an excellent job of "putting the customer first" and really went out of his way to make my experience here awesome! They had an amazing beer selection and the beer flights they offered were well selected and priced. There was a flight called the Beer Belly that had some quality beers on it (5) for only $13. I was originally told they were not serving it because they didn't have the glassware yet, but Michael did me a solid and made it happen. I was in beer HEAVEN! They also have a great selection of Dia de Los Muertos beers from Mexico. I had the Hefe and it was great! The bottles are also worth collecting! Michael said they will also be having specialty tequila flights soon, which would just add to the fantastic cocktail and beer selections they already have. They made my night even better by letting me use the 20% off coupon I got in my welcome packet on my beer flight. So all in all a fun experience and exceptional customer service at the Bar. 5-stars across the board!

I would usually split the diff on the stars, but I had such a good time at the Bar, it compensated for the bad food experience. I definitely need to check the Coffee/Ice Cream place out next time I am in town as it looked delish! But, either way, I will def be back to the Bar!