Went here for dinner with the hubby on a Friday night - it was really empty which is a bummer because the hotel this is located in as well as this restaurant space have changed owners/names/styles/etc... like 4 times in the 5 years I have lived in AZ. Sadly, this may be the destiny of Saguaro and Distrito as well.  The hotel is weird . This isn't a review of the hotel, but since you walk through it to get to the restaurant I thought I would mention how it really distracts from the fun decor and vibe of Distrito. The color scheme is just cheap looking, like they are trying too hard to be funky.  There is no comparison to Valley Ho so why bother trying. 

Distrito - really what what a fun design. Very Nacho Libre without being to cheesy and/or featuring wrestling masks on the wall.  I liked the vibe it has the right noise level for a chill happy hour or dinner.

I want to address a few things I read in somewhat negative reviews here on Yelp.  Most of the negative remarks seem to stem from a complete misunderstanding of what small plates means.  Tapas/small plates are just that. Small plates of food. Our server was very clear on this, so I'm not getting why someone would complain about the portion size.  Our server recommended 2-3 dishes per person.  We ordered 7 items and ended up taking at least 2 home, so he was pretty dead on.  I get that its a little pricey, but its a restaurant in a hotel in Scottsdale, so if you didn't expect that you probably shouldn't be eating here. The quality was A++ and worth the price. Also, lots of moaning about slow service.  Tapas/small plates meals are meant to be savored, and such a great chance to try a varierty of flavors. The dishes were nicely spaced out, and all in all I think we spent about 1 hr 45 minutes there.  My only feedback as far as service is that the drinks came out super slow, but other then that our server was very attentive.

The drinks are bomb. I had a pineapple margarita that is probably top 3 margaritas I have ever had, and trust me this girl likes her tequila. $13 was a little steep, but again for a hotel restaurant not much of a surprise.  If they have a special on these for happy hour I could definitely toss more then a few back. 

The food was delicious and flavorful.  We started with guac and the Octopus ceviche. Both were fresh and tasy, and the guac had just the right amount of heat. The ceviche was the only dish that I felt was shockingly small. Maybe 6-7 pieces the size of a large paperclip. I wanted more!   I ordered the mahi mahi tacos, which we street taco sized ( again, server descibed the size well as we ordered). The mahi was lightly fried and the baja sauce was so yummy. Since America is totally disenchanted about the size of an adequate meal, I can see why people complain the size, but after the guac, ceviche, and marg I was stuffed but the time I put away the last taco. If you want a huge taco go to Filabertos. Tell them Hi for me and thanks for the raging case of food poisoning I got from my last visit there.  

Hubs had carnitas tacos, duck queso fundido (yes - duck meat in queso - genius!looked so good) and a half roast chicken. They all looked amazing ( no meat for this girl so looky no touchy) and he ended up taking the chicken home.  We shared the ejotes (green beans) and they were flavorful and fresh.

We ended the night with the churros with crema and spicy choc sauce. I was stuffed but I have a minor obsession with cinnamon/sugar desserts so had to try them. I brought a few home and they were tasty reheated in the oven. I wanted to pour the vanilla crema all over my husband (hey, we're newlyweds ok?) and do very bad things with it but I resigned myself to dipping the churros in it. I am a chocolate lover so for me to ignore the mexican choc sauce in favor of vanilla, trust me its good.

Can't wait to go back here - granted at $130 for a Friday night dinner it was pricey, but we totally overordered and indulged. Will be back for happy hour and special occaisions as long as this gem is able to stick around.