Well, to make up for forgetting my camera last time to take food photos, and to have a good excuse to get another delicious taco fix for lunch, I cruised back to Roberto's and ordered the same #4 Combination Plate with tomatoes and guacamole added as I did on my previous visit. But this time things came out slightly different. Instead of the guacamole being inserted in the tacos, I was given a generous Styrofoam cupful to ladle onto the tacos myself. 

That was not the only change.  Again I wasn't charged for tomatoes. But, instead of small tomato pieces, this time large bright red chunks of tomato covered the cheese and crispy Iceberg lettuce.  For some unknown reason, just as before, the code "NO TOM" appeared on my receipt. The cashier said this meant to them "Add tomatoes."  Go figure! Then, after I had consumed a few bites of my first taco, I looked inside and--Surprise!--my gaze fell on white chicken meat instead of shredded beef. The sign for a Combo #4 clearly spelled out "2 beef tacos," but the dish must be liberally interpreted by the cook, because I was inexplicably tendered 1 shredded beef taco and 1 chicken taco. So, if you definitely want 2 beef tacos, it might be best to say so. 

Because the price of the two types of taco were the same, the white chicken was moist, and this was a nice change of pace for me, I considered the switch to be no big deal, and said nothing about it. I just enjoyed the contrasting flavors of the two meats mixed with fresh vegetables, guacamole, hot sauce, and cheese; and the slightly oily crunch of the fried corn tortillas that held everything together. Otherwise, the condiment cart was still there, overflowing with bright orange marinated carrots, dark green peppers, and two varieties of homemade hot sauce--one red and one green. And, of course the setting was the same, the rice just as flavorful as before, and the refried beans too salty once again. But there was no trace of green in these tomatoes, and the guacamole was smooth and creamy. It was another fine meal at Roberto's!