Finally a good decent Mexican spot near East Fremont!

We decided to stop by La Comida as it was one of the few places that allow underage diners after 8pm on East Fremont. SMH @ The Park on Fremont!  I had a great experience here at one of the Yelp Elite events earlier this year and wanted to see what the place was like without the VIP treatment. 

To begin the restaurant is pretty unique in it's design and decor. What used to previously be a laundromat has been transformed into a chic cantina style Mexican eatery with plenty of Catholic influences. The bathrooms are gender separated by pictures of Mary and Jesus while rosaries hang from the light fixtures. I wonder if anyone ever gets offended by it?

The menu is little different than most Mexican restaurants. No combo plates or nachos here, instead you find an eclectic spin on some of your south of the border dishes. The menu isn't huge but everyone should find something that they like. I ordered the Mexican burger with sweet potato fries. The fries were delicious and the burger, complete with ancho chilies and jalapeno bacon, was pretty unique. Word of caution: all of our burgers were served very rare - specify to your server if you want it cooked longer. My cousin ordered the enchiladas which would have been great if not ruined by the heavy serving of mole sauce all over them. La Comida serves unlimited family style rice and beans with their entrees for everyone at the table to share. 

Service was great. Our server was very friendly, on top of refills, and very knowledgeable about the menu. It was nice to see the manager out on the dining floor interacting with diners as well. 

You can tell La Comida specializes in margaritas from their massive tequila selection. Extra props for serving up these concoctions in a mason jar!  The walk-up window by the outdoor porch and the giant wooden swing by the bar are a nice touch,

If you are looking for some good Mexican fare give this place a shot. You at least get free chips and salsa!