I'm not sure how two years have passed without this place appearing on the work lunch radar, but better late than never, I suppose. 

Located in the O'Reilly Auto Parts strip mall just north of Arrowood on South Blvd, the Taqueria is as bright inside as it is uninspiring and, well, strip mall-y on the outside. That brightness comes from the paint job on the booths and table & chairs, representing all the (particularly loud) shades of the rainbow. Cynics could say it cheapens the look of the place but, c'mon, you're in a super affordable taco joint! Have fun with it. 

I will say, though, that one set of chairs has a giraffe and elephant painted on the back, and both of those animals stared at me the whole time I was eating. A little freaky because they're hanging out on the wrong continent and all. Also, a Mexican Star Search-esque show was on the TV; not my personal first (or second) choice, but it honestly enhanced the "little neighborhood shop" feel. 

I paid $6 for lunch, including my tip, and thought it was terrific. I had two tacos - one chorizo and one spicy pork - both with cheese, lettuce, and tomato. Note, as they state on the menu, that those extra three toppings cost $0.50 per taco. I'm guessing if you get them without you just get lime and cilantro. For me, it was worth the try. 

Both versions of the taco had meat had a fine-chop consistency - not ground, but still far smaller pieces than chopped BBQ pork shoulder, if that makes any sense. You get a choice of corn or flour tortillas, and I took the latter. They double-up on the corn ones to prevent the always depressing breakage. 

Both the chorizo and spicy pork had a great mix of spice and were both bright and savory. I probably could've had a third but the free, warm nacho chips were were a good way to start (and finish) the meal. 

They provide three salsas, and the one served in the largest amount (a carafe!) offered the only disappointment for the meal. It had cilantro and garlic pieces in it, but this stuff tasted like straight tomato juice. Perhaps I was doing it wrong, but trying it straight was not good at all. I hope it was just a bad batch lacking flavor, but heed this warning to avoid applying the red salsa to your food before trying a small sample. 

Mixing it with the other two options provided a good topping for both my chips and tacos. There was a green salsa - far spicier than your common salsa verde - and a burnt orange one that was a little smokey and spicy, though less of both than you'd expect from a chipotle salsa. 

In all, I am happy to have found a place that has fast, friendly service, unpretentious decor, and a menu with enough variety to allow me to try something new (and probably delicious) for a dozen more visits. With 10+ taco options, another 10 burritos, and a number of other plates I didn't take a lot of time to read for a lunch order, this place won't disappoint anyone in the mood for authentic Mexican food.