Wow...what luck!  I got one more 'First to Review' reviews!

Being at UNLV was the first time I was ever away for a long time from my permanent home on Maui.  It was gratifying to have my own independence, to make decisions on my own.  It was also pretty scary at first, not coming home to a cooked meal, not having your laundry magically done when you come home from school, not having an allowance for stuff you want to buy.  Del Taco right across the street was one of the first food comforts I had as a college student at UNLV, and also one of the reasons I gained the Freshman 20, not 15...20.  
I was such a lard!

This place brings back some great memories with newfound friends, and the feelings that I could do anything at that time.  Needless to say, I still visit this place frequently.  I think I've visited at least half of the Del Tacos in LV, and the one on Blue Diamond across from Target is the newest.  The decor for all of em' is almost the same, bright red all over the place, light and airy.  You walk in and you can smell the beef (I think it's beef) being mixed in the warmers, and the crinkle-cut fries being cooked in the fryer.  The sight of the Coke machine with Cherry Coke (I love Coke *sigh*), the sound of a cheese quesadilla being made in what looks like a Panini press.  I know, I know, it's not gourmet...but boy does it bring comfort to this chubby eater.

This one is fairly new (maybe a year old) so it's pretty darn clean.  The one back on Maryland Pkwy. wasn't as clean, but it never stopped me from eating there!  I just LOVE this place.  The food here is so CHEAP, and for what it is...very yummy.  I occasionally miss when we used to partake in 'Taco Tuesday' back in school.  For those not in the know, 'Taco Tuesday' at Del Taco was 3 tacos for 99 cents.  99 cents!  That was the cheapest I ever saw for tacos at the time.  My college roomies and I used to walk over every Tuesday night after class and stuff ourselves silly for less than 5 bucks!  For a brokea$$ college student this was a godsend.  We used to have contests to see who could eat the most tacos.  You would think a fatty like me would have won, but I always got out-ate by my roomie.  Little Asian guy, you wouldn't think he could eat that much.  His record stands at about 16 tacos in one sitting.  I still go now for tacos on Tuesday, but the price has gone up a bit, I think it's $1.19 for 3 tacos now.

Besides usual Mexican fare like tacos, burritos, quesadillas, and nachos, they also serve burgers.  A burger at a Mexican place?  Believe me, with the fries, it's not half bad.  I prefer their burgers over McDonald's.  They also make a burrito and a plate of nachos that's 'Macho' and come in at over a pound!  That's a lot of food for the dollar.  They also got a Value Menu and some combo meals too.  My absolute favorite is combo #12.  It comes with a Spicy Chicken Burrito (chicken, beans, rice, cheese, peppers...it's SPICY), a Chicken Soft Taco, fries,and a drink.  I usually add on a quesadilla with Spicy Jack cheese.  And an extra soft taco (hee hee...me's a piggy).  Yum-O!  Sorry Rachael Ray.  

They also serve breakfast.  They got this $2.00 breakfast deal going on right now that has 2 Egg & Cheese Burritos, and 5 hash brown sticks.  Great if you need a quick meal in the morning for minimum moolah.  Oh yeah, and they serve premium milkshakes too...and they're not half bad!  My fav is strawberrry.

If you've never been here, you don't know what you're missing.  They possibly serve the best 'not-really-Mexican-but-somewhat-close-but-more-Americanized' Mexican fast food out there!  And for all of you college students out there carrying on the Del Taco legacy...I salute you!  Eat with pride!  Don't worry Roberto's I still love you, and deem you as the place I will most likely have a heart attack!

Try Del Taco!  Es muy delicioso!