Wanna be filled up on tasty and high-quality Mexican food quickly and for less than a ten spot? I have a place for you that nicely fits that bill: Roberto's Taco Shop on Commerce. 

The first time I ate here I was shocked that tomatoes aren't normally a standard ingredient of the tacos. But I have since learned how to order to get what I really want. And that includes tomatoes and guacamole. That first time I was charged an extra dollar for the chopped tomatoes. But last night I was only charged an extra 95 cents for the guacamole added to the two tacos in my order of a #4 Combination Plate, which consists of two Beef Tacos, with ample portions of Mexican rice and refried beans. Vivid photos of all combination plate offerings are arranged over the cash register, so hungry diners can see exactly what they will get--and salivate in anticipation--before they place their order. 

This restaurant is bright and clean, with 14 tables sporting black-and-white granite tops, and red wooden but comfortable chairs spread around the room and hallway leading to the restrooms in the back. The chairs are comfortable because they are slightly scooped at the bottom to better accommodate settling rear ends. 

While waiting for the food to arrive (all main dishes like tacos, enchiladas, burritos, and quesadillas are prepared fresh to order), guests can mosey over to a cool cart and, in addition to homemade red and green hot sauce, serve themselves complimentary sliced radishes and cucumbers, lime wedges, green onions, and marinated carrots, green peppers, and white onions to munch on along with an ordered soft drink, for which the refills are free. And, among other choices, Orange Crush is on tap. A plus for me! 

Nothing fancy here: once a filled paper plate has been delivered by the bright-red-uniformed cashier, one gets his or her own plastic fork and knife, and all soft drinks and refills are procured via self-service. 

As for the food, my combo plate looked just beautiful on arrival at my table: the slightly rippled fried taco shells smoking and glistening with colors of white and orange cheeses, red tomato pieces, green lettuce, muddy brown beans, and rice with a yellow cast offering hints of orange and green, from carrot and green pepper bits. But, alas, I forgot to bring a camera. The next time I order this meal again--which I expect will be fairly soon--I will take and post a photo to merge with this review. For my words alone hardly do justice to these colorful and delicious victuals. 

The tacos themselves were excellent as always: tasty shredded beef mixing well with the cheeses and vegetables, and the smooth and cool guacamole, to nicely counterbalance either hot sauce as teeth bite down on the slightly crunchy and yielding taco shell. Dining alone, I savored the food, and imagined myself once again in Mexico as mariachi music played from overhead speakers. The tacos were great, and the rice was flavorful. The only discordant notes on this evening were sighting a bit of green creeping in at the edge of two very small pieces of tomato, and tasting over-salted beans. The total price for this very satisfying dining experience = $9.13, including tax. 

Perhaps the best news of all is that Roberto's is open 24 hours--ever available to satisfy those late-night cravings for authentic Mexican fare.