This would have been a 1-star review with me vowing to never return here if it weren't for two wonderful people at Vida Cantina - April (our waitress) and Sean (the Manager).  

The waiter that we had initially took down our whole order and even agreed enthusiastically to help us split the guacomole with my portion having onions and my friend's having none. Then we waited. And we waited. No water, no salsa or chips and no sign of our waiter again. Then suddenly we had April coming over to say that she would be taking over as the other waiter was about to leave. We were there for nearly an hour and kept seeing our 1st waiter hanging around even when we were leaving. What had been the real reason for the handoff we never found out, but we were puzzled and annoyed by this. 

Blame it on miscommunication in the handoff but our guacomole arrived with onions in it. When my friend complained about it, April quickly apologized for it and offered to get a fresh bowl - which she did quickly enough - and brought out onions on the side for me. But think the chef wasn't very happy - our new bowl of guacomole was more like guacomole flavored salt! I was so hungry that I ate it despite the salt and we really didn't want to complain a second time.

Our main course arrived and I could see immediately that my friend wasn't happy about it. She was picking at it and apparently it had onions in it. I guess that the fact that she hated onions was also lost in the handoff. April noticed it, much to her credit, and came around to ask my friend what was wrong. She immediately apologized and offered to swap with a new plate free of onions. She whisked off the old plate and quickly got a new one. But my friend found the new one terribly spicy. By then it sounded to me as if the waitress was terrific but the chefs spiteful. 

I liked my main course (chicken fajitas) well enough and ate well. But my friend was miserable and that put a dampener on our spirits. And we kept getting angry over our original waiter (Alex?) who was still hanging around and probably responsible for the whole mess. 

We were wondering if we should ever come back! We both agreed that April had been as nice as we could have wished for, but the overall experience was still terrible.

Then we had the manager, Sean, turn up at our table and introduce himself. He apologized for everything and said that he was sorry that we had a bad experience and "trust me, we aren't always like this!". My friend had dined there before once and had a great time. She told him exactly that and why she was disappointed this time. He said "that is why I'd like this meal to be on me!". We were floored. The whole meal! Not just taking the offending items off the bill, but the whole meal! That was tremendous customer service. 

Sean asked my friend if he could get us both anything else. My friend didn't want another entree to replace hers and I had nothing to complain about mine to begin with. We finally got some dessert (my friend did and I shared) and was surprised that even that was on the house!

Thanks to Sean and April, we are convinced that we need to go back to Vida Cantina and give them another chance. The customer service alone turned what could have ended as a one-star experience to 4-stars (I am not giving it 5-stars only because we have yet to go back and have a truly delightful experience start to end).