Last night was the first time I went to Senor Taco.  My other half had been there a number of times and never had a complaint other than the one you constantly read here:  long wait times; especially at the drive-thru.  But apparently, this varies.  Arriving there at 9pm on a Tuesday night, we didn't wait more than ten minutes before our order came out.  Granted, we ordered the daily special, which means it might have been pre-prepared or set up; but there definitely was no wait.

As to the variability in the food's quality some reviewers mention, I can only repeat what the other half has said:  the food has been consistently delicious.

I think one of the reasons people might have an unjustified complaint about wait times is the perception --- shared by me until arriving yesterday --- that Senor Taco is "fast food"; and of course, you thus expect "fast delivery".  But I take issue with that assessment.  Once you REALLY take a look around, you realize that it's significantly less a fast food place than, say, Taco Bell.  The menu is rather extensive (especially for a "fast food" joint) and everything's individually prepared (hence, the sometimes long wait).  In fact, compared to other Mexican restaurant menus I've looked through, this "fast food" place offers a lot more choices than many established restaurants!  Prices are higher than the typical fast-food joint; but, again, this isn't a fast food restaurant in the true sense of the word.  That misconception most likely contributes to disappointment for those expecting fast food, at cheap prices, served quickly; and surprised approval from those, who realize they're going to get a lot more for their buck than they previously thought.

I had the shrimp burrito and 2 fish tacos special.  At under $7 -- and a 12oz beverage was included -- it's a very reasonable deal.  The burrito was HUGE and unlike places like Taco Bell, there was a very favorable distribution of meat to rice in the wrap-up (Taco Bell tends to serve a LOT less meat and fill the rest up with copious amounts of rice and/or beans).  The taste of the shrimp burrito was also very good; and I'm no burrito fan.

Service was fast and very friendly.  Possibly the only complaint I have is that this is not the type of food I could eat on anything like a regular basis (and only let myself go there yesterday, because I had done a double treadmilling at the gym that day and was treating myself).

As far as I'm concerned, this "fast food" restaurant can hold its own against more established sit-down restaurants with extensive menu selections, which  -- from what I've seen -- still don't beat this place for the variety of plates offered and the low prices.  

The only negative, as far as I'm concerned, is the blaring TV and music ... but show me a Mexican restaurant, which DOESN'T share that affliction?

Open til 11pm, Senor Taco also offers lots of good food at good prices, without having to rush over there when you don't want to eat, because most restaurants in the Valley close at 8 or 9pm during the week.

When I go out for Mexican food now and again, it's usually for fish (for reasons of health).  Should I decide at any given time to have some other kind of Mexican food, I see no reason to drive through the Valley looking for anything better unless it's simply a matter of trying something new.  Senor Taco is more than capable of meeting your Mexican food cravings and doing it at a price that won't have you taking out a second mortgage on the house.