Mexican food is delicious. No, really, Mexican food will be eaten, on average, 2-3 times a week in my household, mostly because Mexican food is almost always gluten free. There are cross contamination concerns, but if you befriend the restaurant owners/employees, it is amazing what they will do to make sure you aren't vomiting later that night due to gluten poisoning. 

Between my fiance and I, we have eaten half of their menu. Also, compared to other Mexican restaurants, Fausto's [thankfully] lacks the grease factor.After we eat their food we are in food coma, not sitting at the side of the bed with a defibrillator in case the grease travels all the way to our hearts.  My fiance LOVES their burritos. When you ask for everything, you get it all, including pico de gallo, guacamole, rice, beans and whatever meat your heart desires. No extra charge for delicious guacamole? Sign me up! I, on the other hand, am a fan of the tacos. Two steak tacos with everything includes pico de gallo, guacamole and a healthy handful of perfectly cooked carne asada. Add some of their homemade green sauce and DING DING DING!!! We have a winner!!! Did I mention that their food lacks the unnecessary grease factor that haunts my waistline everyday? Good, fresh food without the need for a nap after consumption - love it!

However, I think our favorite dish so far is their SUPER NACHOS!!! I capitalize the name of this dish because holy freaking incredible, I love their nachos. Homemade fried tortilla chips are on the bottom. Then come the standard refried beans to add a little protein to this mess of a platter. The happiness comes next. In one corner, you have a scoop of slightly spicy (yay jalepenos!) pico de gallo. In the other corner, you have a healthy scoop of sour cream to cool the palette. In the next corner, a SIZEABLE portion of their homemade guacamole and then in the last corner that delicious guacamole mixes with another small serving of pico de gallo. As if that wasn't enough, they then add a little more guacamole here and there right before [happily] drowning the above ingredients with that savory carne asada (or chicken, pork, etc). Throw on some Mexican cheese and cheddar cheese and BAM!!! You have a meal of champions. No fake cheese sauce (save that for the ball parks), no unnecessary lumps of melted cheese that mask all other flavors of the dish, no grease, just simple, delicious nachos. They are hard to find and do without going over the top, and thankfully Fausto's does them right.

So stop by some time or call-in an order ahead of time to bring it home after a long day at work, because for Vegas, it is one of the best Mexican restaurants in the area and it makes my tummy nice and plump with Mexican food happiness.