I've been here 3 times using CitiPass book coupons that's I've hoarded. But trust me, when they run out, I'm still coming back! My boyfriend and I are big Mexican food fans (thought not picky about authenticity per say) and we are VERY pleased with 1900!

The chips and salsa are my favorite in town! The salsa isn't chunky, which I actually prefer and it's just the right about of heat. My bf doesn't approve of the salsa, but definitely agrees the chips are legit.

I'm also in love with the refried beans here. I could just eat a plateful of these and be happy! 

1900 has a decent selection of vegetarian options, but they could definitely add more to get more stars from from me. Even so, they are great about adapting their other menu options to become veggie-friendly... like substituting beans or grilled veggies instead of chicken or beef.

My favorite part of menu is the CREATE A COMBO on the back. I usually avoid these sections at most Mexican restaurants, but 1900 is a little swankier so I gave it a go....I was not disappointed!!  You can choose between burritos, chimichangas, enchiladas, hard tacos, soft taco, tamals, or tostadas.  One item is $7.50, two items are $8.50 and three items are $9.50. Since all of these come with a heaping pile of rice and beans... this is an excellent deal!  My favorite by far is the CHIMICHANGA! Holy moly these things are amazing! Especially since they let me substitute the meat for those glorious refried beans.

My boyfriend loves the soft tacos here. He's so happy that they come with 2 tortillas to make them extra durable and hearty. He tried the chicken, beef, and pork until he settled on the pork being his favorite and that's all he orders now.

On a final note, I really enjoy the atmosphere at 1900. It's not your typical kitschy Mexican decor, but has enough flare with aztec art and prayer candles that it's got a definite style. The restaurant is neutral enough so that you can dress super casual in yoga pants and a tee or dress up classy with a cocktail dress and heels.