Cilantro is located in the former location of Rice Cafe. 

Party of three at Noon on a Tuesday during "Xmas break". Serving lunch, brunch (can't guarantee this will always be during the week) and a lunch buffet from 11am to 3pm. There were four groups of people in a place that serves 17-18 tables. Two waiters that seemed very confident. 

Strangely enough our waiter couldn't say how the "shrimp & eggs special" tasted as they don't let them taste the expensive shrimp meals. I offered to share a bite as that's a dumb policy. 

Lunch and brunch ranges from $9-12 a meal, with the buffet at $7.99. 

Ordered the totopos (chips and salsa) for $2. Lime marinated and salted chips with a mild verde salsa and mild-med habenero salsa. Both salsas were thick and creamy. Would recommend as an appetizer. 

I ordered a house margarita for $9. Fresh squeezed lime juice, house tequila and Grand Torres on the rocks. Very tasty but could cut the price by $1-2. 

For my meal I had the Huevos con Camarones (eggs & shrimp) for $10.  The main portion was scrambled eggs, grilled shrimp, cilantro and tomatoes and I think I saw some small diced onions in there too.  Came with a side of guacamole, black beans with queso fresco, corn tortillas, and the aforementioned habenero salsa. 

The shrimp and egg dish was nice and subtle, really highlighting the great flavor of the shrimp. Adding some guacamole and salsa to the mix worked too, but I thought the tortilla was unnecessary and overpowered it. The beans were something of afterthought. Overall a sensible potion, but I would ask them to hold the tortillas and beans unless I was starving. I would definitely have this again and recommend it. 

Entrees after 5pm range from $16-22, and I'm looking forward to trying the Carne Asada next time I stop by. 

First stop was 4 out of 5.  Slight downward adjustments to their prices, and tasting policies (so they have more knowledgeable wait staff) would bounce that up a star.  Everyone at the table enjoyed their dishes.