The owners of Verde have converted an old building into something modern and vibrant, a south-of-the-border neighbor for the restaurant row along First Street between Pierce and Garfield in downtown Phoenix.

The food here is made from scratch, including mouth-watering flour tortillas made by hand. You can taste the love. The only item on the menu that isn't made in-house is the tortilla chips, and those come from the legendary La Canasta.

It's fresh Mexican food with one surprise -- not one burrito is on the regular menu. How can this be? Simple, it's all about down-home plates filled with roasted chicken, red chile or their amazingly killer green chile.

Verde is a fast casual restaurant, so you order at the counter, then take a seat while the food is prepared.

First to arrive were the Chips and Salsa ($2.50), a large bag with perfectly crunchy chips accompanied by red and green salsas. The tang from the green salsa was bright and made my mouth water for more. While the red was good, I would have enjoyed a little more heat.

Weekends at Verde mean a handful of breakfast options, including a few coveted burritos. I couldn't stop eating the Green Chile with Beans and Eggs ($5). The spicy simmered pork was so tender and delightful that it was like green chile butter as I slathered the meat onto a piping hot flour tortilla. If you order only one thing from here, make it the green chile.

After the first bite of Red Chile Beef ($7) I was puzzled trying to figure out the exotic flavors. It's not your typical red chile; its flavors of clove reminded me of a cross between curry and mole, if that's even possible. Beans came along side and, with smoky notes from the addition of chorizo, are worthy of eating alone.

If chile isn't your thing, the roasted Oregano Lime Chicken ($8) is a great alternative. The meat was practically falling off the bone and right into the awaiting flour tortilla.

Beef Tacos ($7) were featured as a special on my last visit. Two corn tortillas are filled with tender stewed beef, then topped with shredded lettuce and chopped tomato. They are simple and satisfying, with the addition of a pinch of salt to bring out the sweetness of the beef.

With outstanding green chile, this place is called Verde for a reason. They've got some of the best green chile I've had in a long time, and don't forget the tortillas.