This review pertains only to the Los Favoritos location at 2650 E. University Drive, Mesa, Arizona. NOTE: There are two Mexican restaurants in this strip mall. Make no mistake!

My wife and I have eaten here many HUNDREDS of times. We are young retirees, and we live and travel full-time in our recreational vehicle. We typically eat two (2) meals in casual restaurants every day while wintering here. We've eaten Mexican food all over the USA, Canada, and Mexico. Lunch was Thai today (for the vegetables), but dinner was at Los Favoritos.
Go to California for California burritos, and eat rolled tacos nowhere. Otherwise, you'll be very happy here. The rice and beans on their plated meals are fine, but aren't slimming, so we don't order plates.
No table service, but they have clean indoor seating (no outdoor seating). Decor is minimal. They do big take-out business at the counter. Despite lots of parking a few steps from the door, they have a busy drive-through (what obesity epidemic?). Your food is prepared fresh to order, so why not wait in the restaurant?

PROS: Inexpensive food and drink. Refillable, crisp and cold soda pop.

CONS: The men's bathroom stinks! Please fix that toilet seal. It helps to go in and turn on the lights and ventilating fan as you arrive, before you order. Then, after you order your food, using the urinal or washing your hands should be tolerable. My wife reports that the lady's room is fine. They'd get 5-Stars but for the men's room.

OUR FAVS:

1. The Chorizo Breakfast Burrito (served all day) is fabulous. Halve it (while it's still wrapped) with the plastic knives provided. It feeds two slim adults. The other breakfast burrito choices are uninspiring.

2. Fish Burrito. As good as it gets. Very fresh tasting. Feeds these two slim adults (as do all their burritos).

3. Chicken Burrito.

4. Carne Asada Burrito. Thinly-sliced flank steak done perfectly. Very consistent.

5. Chili Relleno Burrito. If you've never tried it, you should. This is not a spicy dish.

6. Hot Carrots. These are served cold in the usual fashion, but are VERY spicy, with onions and whole peppers. Asking for "no peppers" usually, but not always, means a bigger portion of the excellent carrots.

7. Our adult son likes the enchiladas plates, but we've only sampled, and thought them fine. Enjoy!