It started out as a great idea for an otherwise lazy Sunday morning...let's hit up Paz for lunch.  I've been here a couple times with my grad school cohort during happy hour, and have had a light sample of the menu offerings...but never with the family, during typical eating hours, rather than typical drinking hours.

We were seated quickly and everything seemed like it was going to happen...the place was pretty packed, and there was a very large party seated on the patio across from us, so I do realize there were valid reasons for the wait staff to seem a bit flustered and rushed.  That, I can understand, and deal with...even when I'm hungry and expecting a bit more expedient delivery...what I can't deal with is watching parties who were seated  10 minutes after me getting their drinks first, then their appetizers and finally their meal.  I think they were on their fourth round of mimosas before I could get the waiter to bring me a fresh beer!  

So as this was unfolding before my very eyes, I'm already reforming my opinion of this place, and it isn't very nice.  Three times we had to ask the waiter to bring water refills for our kids, they were drinking water because there were no other choices besides soda or alcoholic drinks.

Anyway....the food finally came, and it was as expected...excellent.  Pretty much everything on the menu at Paz is hand made, fresh...the tortillas, the guacamole, the frijoles..all of it.  You would be hard pressed to find a more authentic, home cooked-feeling, Mexican restaurant.  Seriously, the beans and tortillas take me back to my childhood, sitting in my best friend's kitchen as his mom stuffed us to the gills with the same, authentic, feel-good food.

Back to the service.  I ordered the Fayuca Shrimp Burrito....so amazingly tasty.  However, I was nearly ready for a new beer when the plate arrived....and as I had feared, mid-burrito, I ran out of beverage.  This was a major bummer.  I asked politely, more than twice for the beer I had ordered....but when I watched my late coming neighbor's getting their 4th mimosa refill as I sit there waiting for my second beer, I could not help myself but to ask for the manager.

The manager/owner came over to our table and we explained the frustration with our experience.  He was cool, tried to explain the reason for the less than stellar performance...and before the meal was done, he came back with a revised check, discounting our drinks....which we didn't ask for...so that was nice.

I was sitting there thinking how I always seem to only write reviews because a place I visit is something less than I expected...but by the time I left, I was glad that the owner came out and offered his assistance...the food at Paz is unmatched, and the atmosphere is nice...kinda hipster, but nice...with all that going for it, I suppose that it is possible we just happened in at an unfortunate time.  Because the owner took the time, and made the effort, I will gladly give this place another chance.