This review is for 4.5 stars.

If you love nachos, this is THE place for nachos. I'm not a health fanatic, but a real person who believes in exercise and moderation, so going to this place does not make me feel guilty- I do not have something like this everday. Some people love chocolate (my husband), some people love meat and potatoes (my older brother), and some people love nachos- yes, I AM that person. (Ok, I LOVE ice cream, too.) Ok, enough disclaimer, on to my review.
 
At the top of the menu, it reads "Home of the Gourmet Nachos." And I totally agree!
There were some interesting combinations (I'd like to try the thai nachos sometime), but the one we really wanted to try was the Enchilada Nachos- pulled chicken- very tender and seasoned perfectly, very cheesy, and well-topped with pickled jalapenos (I love medium-spicy). I'm a bit of nachos enthusiast, so I like when toppings are evenly distributed, just saying. I don't like when there are chunks of something, like sour cream or guacamole, in one spot only. 

Oops, I almost forgot to mention the mini jalapeno corn muffins- so warm, fresh and delicious!!! Now, that's a starter. And we did have the fried ice cream for dessert- talk about huge. I thought the nachos were over-the-top, but in a good way. Some of the chips were chocolate, and everything was topped with raspberry sauce, which I normally don't really like, but it sure worked here. Well, I had to stop because I was too full, and couldn't eat another bite. I don't think my husband wants to go anywhere else for nachos.  

So, we went here again, this time for lunch; the crowd is smaller, compared to dinner. We chose the pulled pork nachos- complete with a white cheese sauce, bbq sauce, and topped with fried onion strings. This is a combination that you wouldn't really picture with nachos. But the savory combination did work very well, indeed. I did think that the topper (fried onion strings) was very generous. 

Anyway, what I am trying to say, is that there are ten types of nachos here and it sure is fun trying new things. There is the appetizer version and the entree version for a couple dollars more (we always choose the entree version because we share it). I think the next time we will try the "nacho average burger" nachos.  

The decor is pretty casual. The servers are nice too. Clean place. Seats are booths as well as chairs & tables. The baby gets his own sling. All games are on the tvs (it's a sport bar), as well as videos for the music lovers. The womens bathroom (located up front) is unique, there are three different mirrored sinks, each with its own partition. But, since I am a new mommy, I did notice that there is no baby- changing station. Also, check out the picture booth, 2 strips is $2.00.