Four words: I love this place. But if its not one of their cheese crisps, its almost not worth it....

The other day was my second  visit to this place and I was hoping to impress my friend with their fresh delicious Mexican dishes. 

It was looking good when we first arrived because the very friendly employee really did a good job displaying his knowledge of their rather impressive menu. He gave recommendations to their enchiladas and burritos. I really wanted to get one of their impressive cheese crisps like I got last time, hoping to impress my friend, however I was feeling bold and decided to get the shrimp burrito. 

First wrong thing that immediately stood out was that they charge 25 cents for refills. That sort of cheap tactic really spells out a lot about an establishment. Also since their drinks are 2 bucks, I really didn't feel like buying refills. Oh and did I mention that I'm a standard debit card wielding American? No quarters in my pocket. But no big deal. 

So they took some time for our dishes to be completed which was not a surprise since last time they did the same thing. However last time once they finished, I was able to enjoy a most delicious cheese crisp. This time though, I was presented with a shrimp burrito with a side of lettuce? What do I do with the lettuce? Hmmm

The burrito itself was too hot. (Not spicy). I felt that I was unable to grasp the true flavor of the shrimp because of this problem. So naturally I was much slower in my eating. I gave the shrimp an opportunity to savor in my mouth so I can get the full flavor. I was wrong. Each piece of shrimp was doused in a sauce similar to a light soy sauce. Through the hot temperature, I was able to conclude that each of the pieces were quite bland. It was disappointing per bite because I expected a flavor burst each time, but never got it. 

The burrito was full of sauce. So full in fact that eventually, the bottom of the burrito collapsed and the sauce and shrimp spilled onto my plate.  ]= Still hot. So I continued my meal without the tortilla and simply forked the rest of my shrimp. 

Overall I actually like this place. (because of cheese crisps)
When I came the first time, there was sports on the tv and very  good food being served.