Chipotle is an interesting animal. They have many unique qualities and their service is always streamlined.  This review is for this and all locations I have been to prior. Chipotle......GO!

~Fud/Drink~
The food is tasty...enough said. Delving deeper, you can see a bevvy of food options you can sink your teeth into. The meats are delicious to say the least. My personal fav, the barbacoa, really ties the burrito together (Big Lebowski reference). The other meats taste great, but barbacoa is seasoned perfectly. As for the ingredients, everything always tastes fresh, from the salsas to the beans and rice.... everything. You can stack as much of an ingredient into your burrito as you see fit, and I take advantage of this by piling on the the grilled peppers and onions. Is it the finest Mexican cuisine? No... But for someone looking to dine out and not eat a ton of calories like myself, Chipotle does it right. They provide you a menu off to the side that shows all the calories in each ingredient, and its easy to keep the calories off by following what you are putting in. I usually keep out the tortilla, which saves a lot of grief and calories, and still allows me to fill up on fresh Mexi-food. This is completely different to most Mexican restaurants. Nothing is deep fried, but rather fresh and filling. As for a bar or drink, there is nothing beyond a couple generic Mexican beers or a soda fountain. 

~Atmosphere/Service~
I never have much liked the overall restaurant concept, which oozes eat quick and leave. There are no TV's for you to lounge around and watch, music is not piped through the system, and the  chairs are wooden and not overall comfortable. Really, it makes sense, many people do not eat in, they get the burrito to go. It still might help to add a little more atmosphere to the overall experience, if you ask me. The service is always lightning quick. Despite long lines, they still get you in and out quick, and are quick to add the ingredients. Overall, they also are quite kind and talkative, I have never had rude service from service crews. Its a nice way to get Mexican, just no real atmosphere to experience the food in.

~Extras/Rating~
Not much else to note, besides the various options you can get when choosing how to dine. There are so many combos you can go with, its fun to change up your burrito experience by coming here. As for the rating, they lose a full star for having no atmosphere whatsoever. I know its their concept, but still, not even a TV? It would be something if they put out some new options, like board games or other items to entice customers to stay more...Open up more bar options, then revenue increases.....gah, who am I to complain about business models? 4 Stars for outstanding food and great quick service!