It's been a long wait for me and my first time at Taco Guild.  Part of the reason is, well, there's taquerias pretty much around every corner in the valley.  But the biggest reason for my hesitancy was the lackluster early reviews.  The complaints were pretty wide ranging but the price point of the tacos seemed to be the biggest beef Yelpers had with this place.  Lately it seems like the trend is much more positive so I can only assume that means they've gotten themselves into a better groove with their customers.  My brother-in-law suggested we go here for dinner on a Wednesday so off we went to the northwest corner of Osborn and 7th Street.

The biggest selling point about Taco Guild is and likely always will be the building.  Its everything you've heard.  Its gorgeous.  A spectacular rehab and preservation of a longtime valley Church building that has been transformed into a beautiful restaurant space.  The multitudes of unique features from the stained glass to the murals, to the woodwork and chandelier are enough to make for an entire dinner's worth of conversation by itself.  When we arrived around 6:30pm the place was packed, but fortunately there was room at the bar which was where we were headed anyway.

We started with the usual chips and salsa, though here you get three other sauces to go with it.  One of which tasted like a cilantro veggie sauce, another tasted similar to Tobasco, while the other I'm pretty sure had a tinge of habanero.  Nice variety and I was quite fond of the cilantro option.  The menu here is pretty straight forward with a heavy emphasis on the tacos (appropriately enough), but also with some other Mexican fare including burritos and enchiladas.  The 3 taco plate seemed like an appropriate opening salvo for my first time so I went that route.  I went with a Pork Adovada, a Guild Chicken, and a Yucatan Shrimp taco with a side of rice.  Total price for the tacos, tax and tip came to about $16.  

The tacos were terrific with the Pork Adovada being my favorite of the bunch (I think the relish was the biggest reason why).  The rice was a lot spicier than I had expected (I only later discovered the rice has green chiles plus two types of peppers).  In the end Taco Guild provided me a tasty, filling dinner served by friendly staff.  Yeah, the price per taco might be a little steep, but not completely out of line.  The quality of the ingredients and the tortillas were such that I was still quite pleased.  And as mentioned earlier, the environment and the aesthetics were outstanding.  

As I write this, Z'Tejas Inc (Taco Guild's parent company) has filed for bankruptcy so I hope I'm not going to be among the last to write a review about this place.  I can't speak to the current condition of the Z'Tejas restaurant chain (admittedly I haven't dined at a Z'Tejas in awhile).  Though if tonight was any indication, it doesn't seem like Taco Guild is anything but a success story for Z'Tejas.  Even if Taco Guild itself doesn't survive, there is absolutely no reason any other business shouldn't be able to succeed in this breathtakingly beautiful space.