***Barrio Avion is a good breakfast option for airport food in the Phoenix International Airport***

Barrio Avion is from the popular Barrio restaurant team in Phoenix.  This airport eatery is in the United terminal, which has very few dining options due to the limited number of gates.  Barrio Avion looked good so I decided to give it a try.  For breakfast, they offer build-your-own breakfast burritos and quesadillas.  You can also get chilaquiles.

For my breakfast burrito, I had scrambled eggs, cheese, chorizo, guacamole, salsa, spinach, grilled peppers, grilled onions, sour cream, and cilantro.  There were many other options too including a variety of meats (more lunch/dinner-like meats than breakfast meats), beans, rice, and a variety of vegetables.

The burrito was good.  Everything was fresh and the meaty and juicy chorizo had a very strong spiciness to it.  The burrito was very heavy and you can add quite a bit of not that good for you ingredients in the burrito so I am not sure if it is the best thing to consume before jumping on a plane.  In terms of being a satisfying and quick meal though, I think Barrio Avion does its job well for an airport eatery.  I also saw their breakfast quesadillas and they looked very appetizing.

I also had their churro and it was disappointing.  The flavor was fine though it tasted like it was made a long time ago.  The texture and quality of the pastry (or lack thereof) made it seem like something you would get at a grocery bakery as opposed to a restaurant (airport or not) that should strive for made-to-order (or at least very recently made) food whenever possible.

Service was friendly and quick.

Prices were a tad high, but portions were generous and definitely more than enough for sharing between two people.

Barrio Avion is order-at-the-counter though they do have a comfortable and clean fast food restaurant-esque seating area.

Barrio Avion is a satisfying breakfast option for an airport.  Barrio Avion definitely does not have the finesse or attention to detail of a great airport eatery like Tortas Fronteras in Chicago's O'Hare Airport, but I enjoyed the food here significantly more than most airport eateries and restaurants I have dined at.

I am not sure what the parking situation is like at Phoenix International Airport, but I imagine parking here is expensive like other U.S. airports.