A superb choice for those who love Mexican food as well as for those who don't.

Six of us went to El Zocalo on a Sunday based upon Yelp reviews, and we were pleased overall.  Arriving a little before 1pm, we were seated shortly on the patio (as requested).  The table was mostly in the Sun, and we requested having an umbrella moved to shade us.  It took a while, but eventually a "bus boy" complied, and all was well.  The chips and salsa arrived quickly; the drink orders not as fast.  The chips were thick, crunchy, and excellent.  The salsa was tasty but mild.  We ordered a side of guacamole which was long in arriving and rather tame.  We mixed it with the salsa which improved it greatly.   

Our entrees included three varieties of fajitas: chicken, beef, and shrimp.  All three were excellent.  Though they were not spicy, this met the desire of the three who ordered them.  Meanwhile, my wife ordered the "#2" verde burrito which was quite spicy and pleased her greatly.  (Hot Mexican food is her favorite.)  Her sister ordered a "Killer Chimichanga" which was large and very good.  Based upon a Yelp review, I tried the Carne Asado, and was extremely pleased.  It was a flank steak (like the meat of the chimichanga) and was grilled "medium" as requested which is tough to do on a thin steak.  My Asado arrived with a side of guacamole and pico de gallo which I mixed together to create a tasty (but still rather tame) topping.  Two of us also had the "borrachos", a bean side dish made with bacon and onions.  It was an alternative to having a side of black beans or refried beans, neither of which excite me, and the borrachos were excellent!  

Though the service was "sketchy", the food and patio ambience were very, very nice.  In the future, because of getting broiled by the Sun, I would advise an evening meal around sunset or later.  (There are many propane heating towers throughout the patio to keep everyone "toasty".)  I would also expect the service to be slow and arrive at 6pm expecting to get dinner served by 7pm.  (Basically, add an hour to your seating time.) Dinner for 6 was under $200 including drinks, tip, & taxes.