"This Car Stops for Hot Sauce"

Mid-afternoon Tuesday the hot sauce cravings began. Perhaps you've had them before--a pulsing, salivating tingle on the back of your tongue that flows into the mandible and EXPLODES with pent-up desire, thereby forcing a car's driver to delete an entire day's schedule and head for a Mexican eatery.

Ah, life.

The play? A west side joint called Bonito Michoacan. A cute little corner casita on Chinatown's edge, right where Twain kisses Decatur like cousins on a third date: roughly, rudely with nary a care of red lights. I parked the Crown Vic LX with leather interior by the entrance and strolled inside.

Pretty empty, but not surprising since it was only 3:30. I sidled by some clucking hostess stand chiquitas and bee-lined it to the bar. Two small screens showing sports and news glowed brightly in the gloom. Baseball on one and something about an airliner that disappeared on the other. I sat at an empty stool while a lassie two places down promptly turned her back to me, feigning interest in the sweaty boys of summer.

A barmaid with gorgeous eyes asked if I wanted a drink and menu. I said yes to both. She brought me a Corona and chips and I ordered sopitos and a carne asada burrito. I ate hot salsa by the chipful as I watched investigators futilely attempt to explain what happened to an airplane. Every once in a while I would glance at the slender back to my left, its owner uninterested in the life of an accomplished and handsome young man. Such a shame. I could have made her so happy. If only for a night....

When my half dozen sopitos arrived I promptly dumped my salsa all over discs that held ground beef, chicken and steak. Occasionally I would dab said discs into sour cream or guacamole. What a delight. I asked for Tabasco and doe eyes placed it before me. She saw me eyeing shelved tequila bottles and asked if I wanted a shot. I told her I was unable to drink a single shot because one had an unbreakable habit of turning into six. She laughed and hip swung to the kitchen. When she returned she had my entrée.

The carne asada was tender and plentiful, its cavern lightly browned with properly melted cheese. I ordered more beer and enjoyed the rest of the dish. By this time Slender Back had paid her bill and snorted her way past, but not before the barmaid had bade her farewell. 

Oh, well. Sometimes I'm just too good looking for people.

Anyway, my bill was twenty bucks and I left five for a tip. Outside I looked at the kissing cousins and turned the car homeward, but not before reminding myself to come again soon. Only next time I would not allow Slender Back to get away so easily....