We went to Tortilla Factory on Tuesday, which you would think it would be dead right? WRONG? It was packed! We were told March (because of spring training) is one of their busiest months. This is my first time there!
Our family arrived before my husband and I  (a little before our reservation at 645PM) and they waited about 5 or 10 mins and were sat. When we got there, they were already sat. Trying to get a parking spot is a joke and they do not have valet. We drove around for about 10 minutes until we found a spot, finally in a dark unlit area. That is my main complaint. Their parking lot is soooo tiny, for how large the restaurant is, I was surprised. We were greeted by a young smiling girl (who knew right where our other 4 ppl were at) and brought us to our table outside on the NON smoking patio. That is a huge plus for me. So many spots in AZ. are now allowing smoking on their patios during dinner! YUCK! I dont want to smell someones nasty cigarette OR cigar while eating. I think they might have another patio that is smoking, but not sure (The sign said MAIN patio is non smoking). 
Now for service. Keely was a our waitress who was great. She was friendly and quick at her job. She was slammed and still made us have a good dinner.
My father in law ordered the large sampler thing with nachos, quesidillas and ribs on it. It was decent. The ribs were kind of bland. I didnt try the quesidillas, because I heard they were really spicy. The nachos were underneath everything on the bottom, those were decent. I wasnt too impressed with any of it. I ordered the chips and salsa and it was awesome. I liked it, because it was not spicy and I could eat it, but had great flavor as well. The guys ordered beers and us ladies had non-alcoholic beverages so not sure how their Margs are, but as I could see many people ordered them, so they must be good. Their bar has a million diff. bottles of tequila lined up, so if you are in the mood for tequila, you can prob get anything you want. 
We all ordered the same thing pretty much, two of us got red enchiladas pretty good. Nothing too special, but good. 3 got Build your own tacos, you get shrimp, chicken and steak.. A little weird because you have to pay extra for cheese and sour cream, you get guacamole, lettuce and pico. Dont ALL tacos come with cheese? lol Seemed weird. They all liked it tho. Lots of food that is for sure. The last person got a shrimp salad and she liked it. Almost all the way done with the meal my mother in law said they usually give flavored tortillas as a starter. She asked if they had any? Keely brought out Cilantro maybe? they were bland and had no flavor. I was full anyways, but I wanted to try it. For a company that has the word TORTILLA in their name you would think it would be amazing ya know? It was my father in laws bday so we got some deserts. I was so stuffed didnt even eat half my dinner. I did try some of the cheesecake we ordered it was regular with raspberry drizzle. AMAZING. They also got a piece of choc cake, they said it was great! It looked like it could serve a part y of 10. It was HUGE! All in all, I would give the food a 3 out of 5 stars. BUT Keely was such a great server I had to up it to 4. Keely did tell us that the weekends are crazy busy and there usually is a longer wait, so for people that had a long wait I would advise to go back in during the week. The patio also had a fountain and heaters. It was so nice out there, I could have just sat outside for hours.