"Mexican food is Mexico's National Treasure" - Alderete Family motto.  

The drive-through, Poblano Express, serves 24/7.

You remember Los Armandos don't you?  I don't either.

The economy crashed and nearly burned.  It will take time for Arizona to recover.  Restaurants are one of the riskiest business ventures.  Who would open a restaurant, a Mexican restaurant, a high concept Mexico Mexican restaurant?

The Alderete Family.  
 
Los Armandos got a floor to roof-peak makeover.  Poblano's got class.

Ordering at the counter we helped ourselves to stainless steel silverware, napkins, salt and pepper at the extras bar.  We got a number when ordering - Number One! Table service was delivery of the courses to our table.    

The hallmark of Poblano is fresh cooked, the slogan, "It's Mexico, It's Fresh"  Each day has a soup.  Fridays it's poblano soup.  I've never had it, I had to try it.  I had horchata to drink.

It's Mexico, it's fresh.  I've never had better agua de horchata.  Ladled from a traditional glass serving jar.  Not so sugary it bites the palate, loaded with fresh cinnamon, not watered down industrial cinnamon flavor.  A rich flavor for that simple beverage.  There may have been a little nutmeg in the Poblano horchata.  I liked it.  If you have their horchata, drink it before the melting ice dilutes it.

I drank horchata before I touched my soup.  I never knew poblano chiles could be souped into a bisque.  A subtle bisque, with a mildly warming heat garnished with a few twists of tortilla chip all served in a square, deep, white porcelain bowl, delivered on a square porcelain plate.  I recommend it to all but my Yooper cousins, on second thought, to them too.  They'd probably it eat without, "The chile barbequed my tongue." complaints.

Sweet D ordered Enchiladas Rojas -Oaxaca cheese enchiladas.  They arrived on their own square, white plate, rice and beans on the side.  She shared.  The beans were bastante suave.  Again, fresh, well cooked, seasoned, or not seasoned, so diners can spice to taste.  The rice was molded like a flan - another nice touch.  It was Mexican rice, cooked right.  I'm not an enchilada expert.  The enchiladas were fine to me.  Fresh-made sauce, Oaxaca cheese, fresh corn tortillas.  Simple, simple and fresh.  

Dessert of the night was a small tres leches cake four inches in diameter.  Topped with whipped cream and a cherry, one of the leches was a light coffee/caramel sauce poured into the center, it too arrived on a square dessert plate dotted with raspberry or strawberry sauce at each corner.  it was a little hard to cut.  We finished it, no problem, no complaints.  The cherry was gone off the top before I finished my last sip of horchata.  Sweet D and I agreed long ago, she gets the first cherry on the whipped cream.

The portions were not gargantuan.  There were no chips and salsa appetizer.  Three hours later, I still feel full.  The portions were right for us.

/**

02/15/2011

I went back today, having the tortilla soup and jamaica drink.  The spicy heat in this eatery comes from green and red sauces applied to a dish, suiting peresonal taste.

The creamy soup, with a small dollop of sour cream and considerable strips of tortilla chips texturing each bite, had a light smoked chili tang dancing with the sweetness of whole corn kernels, the crunch and flavor of the chip strips.  I am fighting a cold war today.  I blasted any other soup subtleties with generous amounts of red and green sauce.  Like the other night, the soup was very filling.  

Jamaica, hibiscus blossom beverage, is one of Mexico's national drinks.  I wanted to try it in general, and was hunting food vitamin C in particular to fight my cold.  It wasn't too sweet as is often the case.  I was offered refills three times.   

/**

Poblanos serves only angus beef.  Appetizers from Crisp Heaven to Taquitos Vaquero are on the menu as are salads, mole dishes, steak, shrimp, fish, and veggie meals.  Someday I'll try the Divorced Eggs, just because of the name.  It looks like huevos rancheros are the relationship that survived.

George said they are getting started with this restaurant, still working out the fine points.   I'm looking forward to Poblano running smooth, and cooking fresh, showing people Mexican food is Mexico's National Treasure.  

Thank you Alderete Family for giving Los Armando's the makeover.  

Buenas suerte, hasta luego