It's been too long since we've eaten here, but this was our first visit to this one in particular (last sunday- we decided to spend the day at Downtown Summerlin). 

I've tried many different things (taquitos, tacos) on the menu but this time I got the carnitas nachos with the housemade queso sauce (a little on the salty side) and I wasn't sure how big it would be, but it was pretty big, which was surprising (the lady said it depends on what I added to it, and she was right- I had the fajitas (onions & peppers), green salsa, cabbage & some sour cream ). I love the carnitas at Zaba's! The nachos were really good until the last cheesy layer at the end which was at the very bottom, due to the salty queso cheese, so tossed it (plus some of the chips might've been salty, too). I might get it without it next time. Our son liked the nachos too, yup, we shared. Hubby had the burrito but said he likes the carnitas at Chipotle the best. He said it was still good, though, just not the best. For the three of us, lunch was under $20.00.

There are Zaba's Favorites (7 items, like Fish Tacos, Papas burrito featuring potatoes, Veggie Burrito) or Create Your Own Favorite (step 1- choose, your meat, step 2- choose your item, step 3- customize) as well as Kid's Meals (quesadilla, bowl, burrito, tacos), Sides/Combos (taquitos, tacos, zalapeno ballz, queso, rice & beans, chips & salsa, guacamole, & brownies. Drinks are soda, water, and some bottled drinks.

It was early, so the place was empty; except for the couple outside and the people who just paid for their meal. We were greeted right away. One employee was taking the brownies out of the pan; hubby noticed that they are fresh here. After seeing the menu, decided to eat here for lunch. The customizable drink fountains are also free refills (to the left of the cashier). Kitty corner from the drinks are the napkins, forks, and sauces (Tabasco Chipotle is so good) are towards the door to get outside for the outdoor seating. The bathrooms (single for each ) are also pretty close to this area; pretty clean. The glass windows are not tinted, so there's high visibility.  

There is indoor seating which is similar to Chipotle's restaurants- a large square-shaped room. The outdoor seating is pretty good, except, we barely squeezed through with the stroller (ok, it's a common problem we have), had to move some of the chairs to get to the corner table with an umbrella for sun cover. It was nice outside, the sun was shining, but it wasn't hot yet. No bugs or insects to disturb our lunch. We sat overlooking the fountain water feature and Dillards, which was closed. 

We'd come here again (unless another  area restaurant's menu entices us). Maybe try something else. Or else get the nachos without the queso. Mmm, nachos.