If you're looking for the best mole' in town, it might just be hiding at Pepe's Taco Villa.
I hadn't been to PTV before (it not really in my neighborhood walking radius...I clock it at just under 22 miles round trip).
It might be worth the trip:)
I've certainly tried the mole's in a lot of places, and some are pretty decent...I know mole' is a style thing, more than an absolute (the "right" amount of chocolate...the right "umami", etc., so when I say that Los Sombrero's mole' is kind of "mediocre" and the mole' at Frank and Lupe's (which used to be pretty decent) would now be better if they just poured a can of unsweetened Hershey's syrup over chicken tartare...you know I mean those minor critiques with love:)
I played squash on Saturday...(squash, the sport of the privileged and effete East Coast elite intelligentsia, who would be dismayed (to put it mildly) to find me playing "their" game:)
I played in an event to raise money to make squash an Olympic sport in a few years (yeah, I know...good luck with that, but if they have fencing, why not?)
After playing for over an hour straight (best anaerobic sport on the planet...burns more than 1400 calories an hour)...I was hungry!
My erstwhile opponent, Wes, the affable and probably not corrupt attorney, suggested PTV. 
Wes's wife went to high school with the owners and he said they had great mole's.
3 chicken mole' enchiladas later, I am inclined to agree. 
Wes and the family (I'm like an uncle to those kids...Uncle Buck:) chatted with Jose, one of the owners, when we arrived and I got a chance to say "hello" too.
I got a little bit of the history of the place...used to be owned by the parents, used to be smaller and more intimate (something I always like in a taco shop...PTV isn't small any longer).
We got chips and salsa...pretty good chips and better salsas, although the 2 kinds of salsa came in squeeze bottles (I am really more of a "dunker" than "squeezer" when it comes to salsa...it was fine...you just have to make a little volcano of both kinds of salsa and use 2 chips to push things around...but I don't really like to have to work the chip thing that hard:)
The enchiladas came and heavens to murgatroid, they were tasty!!! 
Pronounced chocolate flavor, not too salty, with the just the right amount of bitterness from the unsweetened Mexican chocolate:) The chocolate blended with the grilled chicken flavor and the sweetness of the corn tortillas to produce an outstanding enchilada. 
I also ordered the Olla beans...highly recommended! 
You can get refries anywhere and I doubt that PTV's are significantly (or any) better than others. 
But they put a bunch of jalapeno's in the pot to make these pot beans a cut above the rest:)
They say that chocolate accesses the same brain chemistry that sex does, and I think that might have been the case with my enchilada's:)
But, I was there with Wes and his family...they were kind enough to invite me along and show me where to get good mole'...a full on foodgasm would have just been wrong...even for me:)