I had the pollo fundido here, it was pretty good.  I think you would like this place if you are someone who's not afraid of cheese and a little grease to go with that.  Its Sonoran style so U should know that there is gonna be a bit of cheese thrown in.  As for the grease, it comes from all the frying : )  

They have pretty decent salsa and chips, but I guess the bean dip does not come standard any more because I did not see them serve that with the chips.  Maybe you got to ask for it.  Food alone should give this place 4-5 stars but the service was a little underpar.  Its not that bad, but certainly was just sufficient without any attempts to improve.  The host was in the midst of seating me but stopped to address an issue with the kitchen on a phone order.  I guess its not a big deal as the bus boys were really fast and would bring u, the salsa and chips and greet u warmly.  

As for my server, well I guess she would be a 7/10 service-wise.  Passable but not exceeding anything.  She was in a hurry to put her order in and I noticed her doing the same thing to other customers too.  When the table next to me asked what kind of meat was in their chilli rellenos, she just replied, there is no meat in the chilli rellenos, without any explanation of what it was and if there is an alternative.  The customer got convinced into ordering a pollo fundido which according to the waitress was the same as a chilli rellenos but with a chicken (not really !).  

In her defense, she was not rude or uncaring, just very order-oriented and focused on fulfilling them.  She would go around and ask if everything was okay with her charges and did ask if I needed a refill on my ice teas.  I guess its better than a server who would not come around at all, that would be worse.  So perhaps you would want to view the menu online first, using the link on this page and then read about what they were, so you can ask "educated" questions about the foods or know right up front what you want, so they can bring you something nice and hot to eat real fast :)

I would come back again if I am craving a nice cheesy (in a good way) meal.  Also the view is pretty good, its overlooking a little lake that it shares a view with Coffee Rush.