I was at Sam's for a work dinner with a group of six.  I couldn't believe that I had never been here before and I was excited to try a new place, so I could Yelp about it, of course!

My co-workers and I walked up on the wrong side of the cafe and came through the patio area.  Normally, I don't think this would have been a problem, however this night they had the majority of the patio roped off for a private function and we looked like we were trying to crash it.  Oops.  No harm done, they still let us into the restaurant.

While waiting for everyone in the group to arrive, the two girls at the hostess stand were watching us with little to no expression on their face.  I felt a little uncomfortable, they were not friendly and welcoming by any means, but they eventually sat us none the less and our service was great from there out.  We decided to sit inside as it was a little warm outside.

The server was nice and even joked around with us a bit.  I ordered the Orange Beso margarita.  It was good, since it was made with vodka instead of tequila, it wasn't quite a margarita for me, but hey, it tasted good.  Since they drop off the shaker so you can refill your own, it was the margarita that seemed to never end.  That made me happy!

Plenty of other people have mentioned the cool assortment of chips and the great salsa so I won't get into details.  I just leave it that I loved both!

For my meal I ordered the Black & Blue quesadilla.  It sure was yummy!  The steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly and as I've mentioned in many other reviews, the right amount of blue cheese is always a winner in my book.  This quesadilla was right on the money, not overpowering with the blue cheese.  I ended up taking half of it home.

As plenty of other reviewers have mentioned, the white chocolate tamale was great finish for the meal.  I'm not so big on desserts, but I usually crave a bite or two of sweet to finish lunch or dinner and this did the trick!

I can't wait to go back on the weekend to relax on the patio, drink some margaritas, and try more food.  I think next time I'd like to try some tacos . . .