iMadre de Dios! Tacos N More is fantastic!

I've been training at nearby CrossFit 347 for almost nine months now. 

The athletes and coaches have RAVED about the breakfast burritos, the menudo, and the tacos - oh, por supuesto -  it's in their NAME after all. 

Nothing like having to smell the heavenly aroma of the breakfast burrito your Coach is chowing down on . . . Whilst shouting, "GET VERTICAL ON YOUR DAMN PULL!" . . . All while you're on your fifth set of heavy hang snatches at 85% of your max. 

What. A. Jerk.

Anyway, starving after a Thursday night workout, I finally stopped in and ordered some tacos to-go. 

I ordered the 3-Taco Plate. Three tacos with the tortilla of your choice, the meat of your choice, and the option to include lettuce, tomatoes, cheese and sour cream. Obligatory Rice and Beans. 

My choices? 

1) Carne Asada Taco in a Crunchy Corn Shell
2) Pollo Asada in a Flour Tortilla
3) Carnitas in a Corn Tortilla. 

All for a little more than $8. 

While I waited for my food, I went HAM on their salsa bar. Filled some cups with both red salsas, pico de gallo and a salsa verde. 

Drove 30 minutes back into town, walked in the door, famished at this point ready to inhale the tacos.

I have to say my favorite was the Carne Asada. It wasn't the best ever, but it was nicely seasoned and not overly cooked. The hard shell was a nice fit. 

Wasn't too impressed with the Pollo Asada that night, and the Carnitas were passable but not as good as that famous street taco place in Ahwatukee.

Watch out for the liquid-ier red salsa; that stuff was pure fire. The chunky red wasn't as hot. 

Wish they has a middle of the road option for red salsa.

Beans and rice were meh. 

Is Tacos N More gourmet, authentic Mexican? 

Absolutely not. 

But they offer up tasty food at an affordable price, with friendly service. 

And this is just what Maricopa needed, seeing as this city is saturated with fast food chains.

It's worth the 20-30 minute wait for your food to come out.

I'll be back after a day of heavy Saturday training.