Dropped in at Hussong's for a dinner on a Saturday night with my husband, his aunt and her boyfriend. The aunt and her boyfriend had actually already been to Hussong's and wanted us to try the place out. They're out-of-towners - taking us locals to a place! Ha!

The place is in Mandalay Shoppes next to one of my faves - Burger Bar. The place itself is small and narrow (also kind of like Burger Bar). And the tables are kind of close together, plus the place is a little cramped. More than a few times I felt like I needed to duck or scooch out of the way of servers trying to get food to other tables.

We started with chips (two salsas - red, which is a very tomato-based salsa, and a green tomatillo salsa which had a bit of a kick, but not much). Thank goodness we opted to get a side of guac to dip the chips in. It saved the day! It had nice, big chunks of avocado in it, which made happy. 

I had the Enchilada Suizas. Chicken enchiladas with tomatillo sauce, sour cream, and (I think) basil leaves topped on them. Also comes with a side of beans and rice. Strangely enough, I was a fan of the beans. Usually I am not at Mexican places, but these beans I actually liked. They had more texture and chunks of beans than others I have had. The rice was pretty bland - nothing special. The enchiladas were quite refreshing because they were much different than others I have had. With the addition of the topping of basil leaves, it made this dish much more complex and the chicken was not shredded, it was more like large, moist pieces of chicken in the enchiladas.

My husband had the carnitas platter, which comes with tortillas, peppers, onions, pickled onions, and a few other things. I tried some of the carnita and it was delish. They put a nice char on the meat and it actually comes out in CHUNKS, not shredded like so many other Mexican places. 

We ended the meal with sopapillas. They come with a small dollop of caramel ice cream and chipotle honey dipping sauce. You only get TWO sopapillas in the order. They were okay, but Lindo Michocan has better sopapillas.

Overall I enjoyed the experience. The only complaints are the small space, crowded seating, and the kind of bland chips and salsa. The prices were not bad for STRIP prices.