What a nice surprise! We wanted something other than the ordinary and seafood was on the radar. Thanks to my MIL being a "degenerate gambler" (as my wife likes to call her) we decided on Costa Del Sol in Sunset Station to accomodate her bingo addiction.
Having been to Palace Station and believing the hype about their pan roast being "the best", and withstanding a near 2 hour wait for it, I must say with sheer delight that the pan roast at Costa Del Sol is just as good...WITHOUT the 2 hour wait in an old smoke filled dump. 
The location is ultra convenient, and the venue itself allows children to sit anywhere, including the bar area. There was no wait and very friendly service. The menu is the same for all the Station Casinos with variances lying on the different chef preparations, which they will also admit. Table seating is available, but note that the booth near the entrance behind the waterfall will get you a little wet.
Bingo Betty and I ordered the Lobster Pan Roast, and my wife the Linguini with White Clam Sauce.
The fact that our orders took about 20 minutes to bring out gave us hope the chef was doing the dishes justice. 
The Lobster Pan Roast was delicious! We couldn't believe the large chunks of lobster in generous amounts in both our dishes. The broth was perfect and spicy, the way I like it. You can order 3 levels of spiciness, and I chose #3 which is a 10 on the heat meter. It comes with 2 generous scoops of white rice and will fill you up. I don't like filling up on rice when there is more important seafood to devour first, so I didn't mix mine into the pan roast.
The White Clam Sauce Linguini was also perfect. Al dente linguini in a delicious lemony broth with a good amount of clams...both shucked and a few unshucked clams for presentation with enough leftover broth to sop up with bread. 
Despite cleaning our bowls, we couldnt resist getting their Bananas Foster dessert. Vanilla ice cream with warmed bananas that didn't look good in its presentation served in a melted mess. It was ok, but still a nice way to top off our meal.
If you happen to have a "degenerate gambler" of your own who has a Station Card, make sure you have them scan it for points to use towards dinner, which can save you off your bill or even get your meal comped :)