I don't know why the other reviewer only gave this place one star after basically saying she likes it.  Today was the second time I've been here and both times it was perfectly good.  I've had good food and good service, the tables are clean, the atmosphere is very interesting with old photos of actors all over the walls.  The pictures are not "random" but follow an old movies theme.  

I don't remember what I had before (last summer) and don't see a picture on file so I probably forgot to take one.  I think I had fried chicken.  Whatever it was it was good, I remember that.  Today I got a lunch special of ham salad sandwich, something you don't find most places, with soup and coleslaw. The split pea soup was wonderful, not too salty like many places, so thick you could eat it with a fork, and full of chunks of ham.  The ham salad was meaty and tender with just the right amount of mayo.  The coleslaw had good flavor, too.  

The waitress was attentive and I picked up a real atmosphere of cheerfulness and comradery listening to the waitresses and cooks talking with each other.  I didn't feel rushed either and was able to post my pics and write this review after finishing my lunch.  Now that they are open later (winters hours) I will try and get back before I leave town.

12/17/10 Mini-update: I finally remembered it was catfish I had my first time here and it was very good.  My most recent visit I had a dinner special (they always have several) of chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and gravy, green beans and Veggie cabbage soup.  All were very good.  Their soups are homemade and you can tell by the rich broth.  

One con:  I tried to come here a couple of nights ago and even though I was told they are open till 8:30pm in the winter, backed up by the sign outside, at 8:05pm they were closed with the door locked.  Me disappointed.  Especially since the first place I tried to go to was out of business, as was the place I tried after this one and I was on my fourth restaurant before I found a place to eat.