Ok so Maize is the most highly rated place on Yelp at UIUC for all cuisines. Combine this with the word-of-mouth it gets around campus and my liking of Mexican food, it was a must try.

I came in to order take-out on a Wednesday at 5pm. The place was pretty busy with lots of call in orders, pick-ups and even a few people eating in the small sitting area. It was bustling!

I grabbed a menu and took nearly 5 minutes to decide what I wanted. I wanted to try a little bit of everything but still order what I usually would. I finally decided on the Torta Aghoada (asada) and a Taco Americano (pastor). 

The Torta Aghoada wasn't exactly what I was expecting and part due to my own ignorance. I thought for sure what I was getting was going to be flat with all the ingredients on top. Nope, my memories of high school Spanish deceived me and the torta is a sandwich. I got it confused with a tostada....d'oh! Regardless, I had never had anything like it even in the south suburbs of Chicago where I'm from (maybe I should have Mexican more often). The sandwich was piled with carne asada, beans, cheese, avocado spread, lettuce sour cream and spicy sauce. Unfortunately, the spicy sauce was very overwhelming and I wasn't able to embrace all the flavors of the torta, especially the avocado spread and the meat. In all fairness, I was warned that it was spicy, so I can't complain about it!

I also ordered a pastor (pork) taco Americano. I guess the Americano taco comes with more than just a traditional Mexican taco, namely lettuce and maybe even cilantro or onions. This was surprisingly good. The pork had great flavor and didn't taste overly salty. The only thing this taco needed was sour cream!

Also included with my take-out order was salsa and chips. I got 2 little cups of salsa and a small bag of chips, which was enough for me since I had ordered a pretty large amount of food, but may not be sufficient for a group of people. The chips were surprisingly good and didn't taste like they were out of a bag. The red salsa was too liquidy to eat just with the chips, but had great flavor. I enjoyed the spiciness and consistency of the darker salsa, but didn't like the taste as much. Either way, they were both decent.

I really enjoyed my food from Maize. It's not the crappy Mexican you pay $1/taco for and its also not Rick Bayless expensive, but does sit very well towards the better side of those two and the portion size is very good (I was stuffed after eating everything). 

I will definitely be back in to try some of their other things. A fair warning though, the menu inside is a little different from the one online (maybe it changes?).