This is for 4.5 stars. 

First off, is it me, or should there be a Chipotle in every major mall or shopping center in Las Vegas and Henderson?! It's our favorite organic-based restaurant (a Panera just opened up recently near us and I wanna try that place soon), and hubby would love to eat here once a week, too.

We've eaten here several times. We usually sit at the outside seating in the middle of the mall  aisle (fishbowl effect; just seats and trash cans surrounded by a little fencing), but the last time, it was so deep into the lunch rush, that we were lucky enough to get a table inside (napkins, forks/spoons, Tabasco hot sauce (chipotle version is delish), drink fountain inside, right side, facing the front of the square-shaped restaurant). Long line, but worth the wait, and once you get the food, mmm, it's all about the happy bellies.

Inside it's small (if it was just those tables and chairs, it would be a hole-in-the-wall), but that's why there is seating in the mall, too. Once the line got really long, the staff was churning out the food (and they got it right, too) and managed the line to zero people after the lunch rush. Kudos to them to managing the mischief (they were still nice, too, while being busy, which I can appreciate). Then, they got to do some cleaning and refilling after the crowd died down (after the high-fives and smiles). It is nice to see some fun and genuine customer service (it's a downer when you get service from people who just do not care, and they don't like people, and it shows)---again, not the case here. 

My husband always gets a burrito (carnitas is his fave) while I get a bowl (regular white or brown rice- it depends, chicken, medium salsa, sometimes, I get the corn, black beans, some cheese, some sour cream, some lettuce) to share with our son who loves rice bowls (and rice, in particular). We used to have leftovers, but our son, when he loves something, finishes his food with much enthusiasm ("Mum! Mum!" he says, which mean 'more food please'). 

My favorite meat here is the barbacoa, but I don't get it often. It is rare to have a bad meal here. Honestly, the only thing that could make any Chipotle any better is if they offered seafood in their meat selections. (But, if you like Hawaiian food, check out Braddah's, 'cause it's like a Hawaiian Chipotle...)