Open just two weeks.  First impression was good - hostesses were gorgeous and helpful.  Server was also cute and great service.

Food gets an A from me based on one visit.  Interesting chips - thick and not too corn flavored - seem to be made right there.  Excellent roasted salsa.  Be sure to ask for hot/spicy if you care for it.

My wife and I both ordered tacos, so perhaps the special would have been even better.  Menu is a little limited - wifey wanted fajitas or a salad and there were none on the menu.  Tacos were very tasty but a little non-traditional.  Cabbage and what looked like maybe goat cheese - not lettuce and melted cheddar - put off my wife but I loved it.  My shrimp tacos were delicious and came with a tasty dill sauce.  Shrimp were tiny but well seasoned.  Black beans and pintos were well flavored.  Rice was unremarkable. For 11 bucks a plate, the two tacos did not fill us up.  But, with the chips and salsa, I left stuffed.

Beautiful fountain outside with flames and lights - really nice.  Seating area outside with a TV for sports looked inviting but it was a little cool for that today.

Inside is a little noisy, possibly due to the hard surface, modern decor.  But, there are several bar areas with TVs and a really cool open seating area to the right of the main entrance which looked fun and was being enjoyed by some folks lounging there.  Very cool huge ceiling fan in the main dining area and some neat hanging metal star artwork near one of the bars. 

Margaritas were a mixed experience.  I thought the house on the rocks was OK, but my wife returned her frozen for on the rocks as it lacked flavor.  I'd recommend a pitcher on the rocks for value and flavor.

Higher-end food than our other favorite - Cantina Laredo - but the ambiance is more modern and somewhat less comfortable at Barrio Cantina.

I need to visit again and sample more of the menu, and I will.  I'd recommend this place for the start of a night on the town or to hang at the bar for sports.  Plenty of parking.  Convenient across from PV Mall and right next to Outback if you are looking for a landmark.