I was craving a shredded beef crispy taco from Mango's last night so I drove 20 minutes out of my way just to arrive and find the place closed early on Monday's. I was super bummed :( So I pulled out my Yelp iPhone app and searched for the closest Mexican place with a decent rating. I pulled up to a super sketchy shopping center and parked in front of a taco stand. I looked at the sign and realized it wasn't Rosa's, so I moved my car closer to the front of Rosa's. I walked in and the place is decorated pretty nicely. Chips and salsa came right away with my drink order. The chips were great: large, warm and crispy. The red salsa, however, left much to be desired. It was ok, but nothing to write home about. The green salsa, was absolutely gross! It was sweet. Sickly sweet. Call me crazy, but I was under the impression that salsa was supposed to be spicy. The sweetness of the green salsa only served to highlight how little spice was in the red salsa. But it was free, included in the meal, so I can't complain too much. I ordered a shredded beef crispy taco plate with rice and beans. Now, I don't eat a lot so the portion size was fine for me, but $8.50 for ONE taco and rice and beans? I think they should give you at least two. But, I suppose that is just the nature of ordering from a sit-down Mexican restaurant as opposed to a taco stand. Anyway, my entree came out quickly and although the menu only states soft taco, they gladly made me a crispy one. It's funny because the entire time I was sitting there munching on my chips, waiting for my taco, I kept thinking that I should have just gone over to the taco stand I initially pulled up to in the same shopping center. I wondered what their tacos were like. As soon as my food came and I took a bite of the taco, those thoughts immediately vanished. The shell was nice and crispy, shoved full of very flavorful shredded beef, lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese. I like a litte spice to mine so I added some Cholula and it was right on the money. Onto the side dishes - here, they cancel each other out in my book. To give them credit, I usually do not like spanish/Mexican rice. I never eat it. In fact, I usually order double beans no rice. Their rice, however, was really quite good. It was super moist and flavorful, not dry or rubbery at all. I was really quite surprised at how good the rice was. The beans were also surprising, but not in a good way. They tasted more like bbq beans cooked next to, or in, a smoker. All I could taste was smoke and it was not only overwhelming, but out of place. Refried beans should not taste like pure smoke, just sayin'. All in all, the place was quite good. Service was friendly and attentive. However, I wouldn't drive 20  minutes out of the way to come here, like I would for Mango's.