Right before I heard about the new beach club that will be taking over where Myst and Suede now are, I had finally checked out Spanish Fly, a bar and restaurant housed in one of my former old faves, Drift, that already brought a beachy feel to Old Town Scottsdale. I went there not expecting much in terms of food, since I had seen scantily clad crowds taking over the premises on weekend days that made it seem more like a spot to be seen than get decent grub.

But Spanish Fly has a pretty kick-arse happy hour menu, and their bean and cheese burritos rival my current faves, those of America's Taco Shop. And no, if you go there on a weekday night dressed in your business clothes right after work, you don't have to worry about not fitting in with a bikini-clad crowd -- bathing suits are only acceptable there on weekends during the day.

The bar looks like it should be connected to a hotel, with pebble floors and lots of lounge-y furniture surrounding the pool. Our bartender was friendly and laid-back, and the crowd was more diverse than the typical plastic you might expect from Old Town -- while most of the patrons were young, some seemed like they had just left work.

Spanish Fly's extensive happy hour is Monday-Friday from noon-8 p.m., making it a great place to day drink. The happy hour menu features half-off appetizers, party bowls and bottles, as well as two-for-one drinks. Their margaritas ($8-$10) were super-strong, so I thought it was definitely a great deal.

We tried the bean and cheese dip ($6 -- at happy hour, only $3) with chips, and it was a decently portioned serving of nachos that was heavier on the cheese than the beans. I also had a muy delicioso bean and cheese burrito (I ordered off the menu since the menu only features chicken fajita and carne asada burritos), and the burrito was huge and very filling and had the perfect balance of beans and cheese. I loved it!

While I enjoyed Drift for its tropical-inspired cocktails and decor, Spanish Fly didn't disappoint at all when it came to ambiance and food. I'd go back for lunch or happy hour or on a weekend when I want to be surrounded by beauties in a hotel-like pool without the room charge.