After a long weekend, there's nothing like hitting the taco shop for a quick treat.  Roberto's is no different.  This one is close to my neighborhood so I frequent it quite often.  Those of you who go to Roberto's know that a lot of em aren't that clean, and this one is getting there.  But right now it's not so bad.  

Not-the-cleanest-place-in-the-world aside....this place has GREAT food!  Our fav is the nachos with carne asada.  They take a plate of tortilla chips, smother it with cheddar and Mexican queso then put a HUGE serving of steak on top.  It also gets the guacamole and sour cream treatment.  So amazingly ONO!  Too bad it's a bit greasy...and they tend to not give you enough chips.  The ratio of meat and cheese to chips is a little off....like only 1 layer of chips for 4 layers of chees and meat.  No matter though when you're hungry and it tastes good.  And it only sets you back about $6, and can feed at least 2 folks.

Another one of my favs are the tortas, sort of a Mexican sandwich if you will.  You can choose to put shredded chicken or beef, carne asada, machaca, or carnitas in them.  The chicken and beef ones are $3, and the carne asada and carnitas ones are $3.95.  Anyway, the meat goes on one of their oval shaped Mexican buns (which is grilled to make it crispy) and gets the fixings of some lettuce, guacamole, and salsa.  They're pretty good, but watch out because the meat can be hot!  I nearly burned myself the last time.

They also got a lot of different combo platters as well, all ranging from the $4 - $7 range.  They have tacos (the shell makes em great), enchilada, burritos, rolled tacos (taquitos to you), all kinds of stuff.  Their big attraction is their salsa bar though.  They got your basic mild green tomatillo salsa, and their hot red salsa.  Don't get them mixed up on your first visit like I did years ago!  Red is HOT, no Pico Di Gallo!  Both go with your food quite well.  They also have pickled carrots & onions on the bar (so nice), along with fresh cucumbers, green onions(still uncut on the stalk!), and cut limes.  The gf's kids love the Mexican drinks on tap with unlimited refills if you eat in: Horchata (their fav-it's like Cinnamon Milk), Tamarindo (tamarind), Pina (almost like pina colada), and Jamaica (tastes like Jamaicans, just kidding!  it's actually Hibiscus tea).  The drinks compliment your food in a way you wouldn't think it could.  

Most Roberto's are open 24 hours a day (could be the reason why a lot of em are surrounded by bulletproof glass at the counter-keep off robbers) and they serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Their breakfast burritos are killer!    The service may not be greatest or the quickest (sometimes the person taking your order doesn't know much English) but that's no problem.  Just say EXACTLY what you want from the menu the way it's listed on there.  The people at the one I go to are nice and courteous and treat us like regulars (well...because we are I guess).  

Don't forget to check your mail for the Valpak envelope, there's almost ALWAYS a coupon for Roberto's.  The last one I got had a beef taco for $1, and 5 rolled tacos (with tons of cheese and guacamole on top) and a 20 oz. soda for $5.50.  Very good for the price.  So the next time you get a craving for some fast Mexican, forget Taco Bell and go for some Roberto's!