Pretty impressed.  Great value for the price you pay.  Not everything I had was a home run, but a truly legit Mexican take out spot.

I had recently seen the Check Please AZ segment and read the Yelp reviews about this place.  I live downtown but up until now I didn't even know this place existed.  So I decided to stop by at opening on Saturday morning.  The location is exactly what I expected.  A divvy hole in the wall in the middle of residential street in the Garfield District.  The only parking is in the street and the building isn't labeled so be sure to know the address of this place in advance.  I had heard this place was typically busy at lunch during the work week but expected to get in and out pretty fast on a Saturday.  Uh, no.  The line was 12 deep when I arrived which was just 5 minutes after 10am.  The crowd in line was super diverse (white, black, hispanic, and even asian folks) so clearly word has gotten out about this place.  I believe you can call in your order if you wanna run by and pick it up rather than wait in line like I did.

So after about 10 minutes in line, I got to put in my order.  The dish that seemingly everyone talks about as Rito's 101 is the Green Chile Burrito Enchilada Style with Red or Green Sauce (I went with Red).  A family friend raved about their refried beans so I got some of those in the bowl as well.  Total price was $10 (FYI, they take credit and debit cards now so its no longer cash only).  Took about 20 minutes to get my food.  It's strictly a takeout place, but they do have a tiny amount of seating outside the building.  Being that it was a warm summer day when I went, I decided to just make the 5 minute drive home to eat.

Alright to the food.  Portions are huge.  Burrito comes in a huge bowl and was oozing red sauce with beans on the side (see my photo).  Smelled divine.  I've had a lot of burritos in my time, but this is up there with some of the best I've had.  Great chunks of meat mixed in with Hatch green chiles.  The red sauce and cheese complimented the tortilla very well and the sauce wasn't as watery as I had feared.  Great burrito all around.  The beans on the other hand were a disappointment.  Maybe its just me, but I prefer my refried beans to have a little more chunkiness to them.  Rito's beans are almost more of a puree.  The taste is fine, I just prefer to taste like I'm biting into actual chunks of beans.

All in all, I was impressed at the size and quality of the food I got for the money.  As busy as it was today, I can't even imagine how busy it gets during the work week.  Next time I come here I'll try to call ahead and maybe give the chimichangas a whirl.  Would certainly recommend this spot if you're in the neighborhood.  And if you're still hungry after eating one of their burritos, its your fault.