11am opening time on a Sunday morning and it was already mayhem.  We were stuck in 1 line only to realize when we got to the counter that we could only order Al Pastor and Adobada in that line.  If you wanted anything else from their menu like Chorizo, lengua, quesadillas or carne asada fries, you had to line up at 1 of the 3 other lines!!!  Ridiculous!!!  It took me 20mins to get my order of 2 Al Pastor vampiros in my line and as much as I wanted to try the other stuff, I didn't wanna line up again, especially since I arrived the lines were even longer!  After you got your oders, you had to pay at the cashier, then squeeze to the beverage counters.  Dear Tacos El Gordo owners, obviously your stuff is good and people are willing to line up for it, but I really wish you would care more about customer service!  I wish you would implement an effective process where it's first come, first served, order what you want, get it then pay!  We are not herds of cows wanting to eat, we are PEOPLE folks!

Moral of the story, come at an odd hour or come prepared... in a group of 5 people - 1 to save a table, 4 to order at each line/counter so all of yous can get what you want.  Or you can check out their other outlet at E Charleston Rd which may be less crowded.  

All we had was the Al Pastor vampiros and the flan.  The flan was good, but I have a personal preference of the Philippine leche flan over the Mexican version.  This version is more dense, but still yummy and creamy.  For those who haven't tried Vampiros, try it!  It's a taco meets grilled cheese sandwich.  It's all your taco fillings sandwiched between tortillas and grilled so that the cheese melts and packs all the goodness inside.  The Al Pastor meat was exceptional, one of, if not the best I've tried in Vegas.  Very tender and tasty, the right amount of sweet and spices.  The cheese was melted and yummy but the tortilla they used was so thin that most of it was pretty burnt.  I preferred the tortilla they use in Taco y Taco vampiros.  We definitely have to go back for the other items on the menu! 

P.S. 4 stars for the food, 4 stars for service (helpful runners that ensure the seating area is clean), and 2 stars for the ordering process which is very annoying.