Truly a Top Chef Master Showing!

Our dining experience started with being promptly sat when we arrived at the podium met by the friendly hostess. We had 3 adults, 1 3 yr. old and a baby and were sat in their downstairs dining room which was our first experience in that location. Couldn't of been happier. Noise level was accommodating (baby didn't wake up) and our 3 yr old was entertained by the crayons and kids menu brought to the table by Las Vegas's Most Friendly Most Knowledgeable Waitress Autumn. She interacted with our 3 yr. old, remembered his name and made us feel like the center of attention throughout the meal. One of the best service staff's I've had the dining pleasure of. One thing I like to do when I dine is start off with "What's the best thing on the menu?" 8 out of 10 you will have the Server "push" either the most expensive dish on the menu or the "catch of the day". This was not the case at all. Autumn recommended we start with the Quinoa Fritters and Peruvian Ceviche. Both were excellent choices and not to be missed. Side note is that today's Peruvian Ceviche used "Ono" so there was a little fishy taste, but we've had this 2x on other occasions and the flavor was on point. In regards to entrees, Autumn recommended the "Chicken Mole" and the "Pescado Veracruzano". I had the Chicken Mole, which might have been the best decision I have made ALL month. The Chicken breast was juicy, the skin crispy, the flavors completely delectable and not overly salty. A HUGE portion as well. Buyer beware if you fill up on their delicious Chips N Gauc. Needless to say, i'll be reheating this tomorrow. Our other two diners both received the Pescado Veracruzano which is pan seared sustainable seasonal fish *tomato * kalamata olive *jalapeño * oregano * white wine garlic broth. They were both thrilled as the Olives were not overpowering and it's more of a soup. This dish's secret weapon is that it's made with a slew of Jalapeno peppers, so if you don't like heat, request without. Our party loves the fire, so the more the merrier. We finished with the "Tres Leches" and the "Banana Cream Pie". Tres Leches (three milk) was super sweet and a great touch to finish the meal. I would recommend ordering a strong espresso to go with this. Overall, can't wait to go back. One of the best dining experiences in a long time and with food and service like this, a true pleasure and tip of the hat to Chef Susan and Chef Mary Sue.

Visited March 2013