For a long time, I avoided Qdoba. Really! I always had this idea that the food here was awful, greasy, and just all around bad for me. Well, I was mostly right, but it turns out that Qdoba is not nearly as bad as I thought it would be! In fact, I could easily see it becoming a fantastic occasional treat in my life.

I stopped in and ordered a quesadilla to go and couldn't have been happier. The pulled pork was delicious and I was able to get extra salsa, guacamole and sour cream in little cups on the side, meaning that my main entree wasn't completely slathered in distracting toppings. And I was SO impressed with the staff and assembly line they had going. Despite coming in to find a long dinner line, I was in and out within minutes. Very nice!

I didn't stay to eat here because the layout in the dining area seemed pretty cramped, although I noticed as I was getting ready to leave that there was an upstairs. Any place in Oakland is bound to have space issues sometimes just because of the student lunch/dinner rush. But the layout here did nothing to help the matter; while the staff were able to keep the line moving, there was almost no room to actually accommodate the long line that began forming and snaking through the tiny building. 

Still, the food was pretty excellent, even if I had to go elsewhere to get some elbow room while I devoured it. For the record, comparing Qdoba and Chipotle seems pretty apples and oranges given that their menus are only a little similar. So sure, the food is better at Chipotle, but the options aren't NEARLY as diverse. Apples and oranges. A better comparison is Qdoba and Taco Bell, and in that sense Qdoba is truly superior. I mean really, who thinks it's even a contest?

Unfortunately there were no reasonably healthy options here, so I doubt I'm going to be able to become a regular. Once I work off the quesadilla in about a month I'd love to eventually come back and see if the tacos compare - although I admit, when it comes to burritos I do think I'll forever be a Chipotle fan.