**Vegetarian Review**

Since no one else had left a vegetarian review for Barrio Urbano on Yelp AND their menu does not designate vegetarian options online, I was hesitant to try BU. 

I am here to say that while they do have some pretty tasty options, it is certainly not a vegetarian centric restaurant. My boyfriend and I went for Taco Tuesday ($2 tacos = best), and were limited to three options: elote, papa y queso, and black beans y queso. The elote taco was extremely tasty, and the black bean tacos were good as well, though they are a pretty basic black bean taco. The papas taco was good, but a little different. The taco was like seasoned red potato in a tortilla. Good, just different from what I am used to in Texas (San Antonio, specifically). Each taco was served on two delicious corn tortillas. I'm not sure if they make them in house, but they are certainly fresh! Other than that, we were severely limited on the menu to a few salads and a few items wherein we would have to request it without the meat (which, our waiter admitted, would defeat the purpose of many of those dishes).

My boyfriend and I also got the fried jalapenos (a good deal at $2, but nothing special), and the table side guacamole. The guacamole was tasty, but a little expensive ($10.75, I think?). I guess since I make pretty good guac, I wasn't convinced it was worth the price.

My boyfriend got the piña agua fresca (awesome!) and I had some of the house infused hibiscus tequila (super tasty!). Both were reasonably priced at $4 and $4.50, respectively.

The server was a lot of fun and extremely kind, even if a tad forgetful. Though, it also appeared that he might have been serving the entire restaurant, so it would be understandable that he might be overworked. 

As others have mentioned, the Yard basically requires valet, so that's a bummer, but otherwise it might be impossible to find parking, even on a Tuesday. Overall, I would definitely return to Barrio Urbano with my meat-eating friends so that we can all enjoy a good taco, but I probably won't return there on my own.

*SIDE NOTE for VEGANS: All of our tacos came with cheese, though I'm sure that can be left off. I am not sure if butter was used in any of the tacos or if salad dressings are vegan.*