La Palapa is the quintessential example of my favorite type of ethnic restaurant: a hole-in-the-wall with great food.  I visited last Sat. with a couple of friends after seeing a movie at the South Side Works cinema.  I tried a sample of the tamales at the Yelp Burgh Bash, and since then, had been wanting to try this place out, so the movie afforded a great opportunity for a visit.

Between three of us, we ordered the platter ("charola") para dos and an a la carte entree order of tamales.  The platter comes with the following items: taco, quesadilla, empanada, tamale, flauta, chicken, and ribs, plus rice and veggies.  In addition, I believe we were given an extra quesadilla.  We ordered a variety of different meats, including chicken, pork, and chorizo, as well as beans/peppers for the fillings.  Because there were so many different items, it's hard for me to remember the details, but most of them were very well-executed and delicious, with the standout being the tamales.  The only items we found lacking a bit were the taco (the chorizo's flavor was a bit off) and the empanada, whose filling I found a bit too liquidy, and my one friend found a bit too piquant.

One minor disappointment was that they were out of agua fresca (pineapple that day) and horchata by the time that we visited (around 8pm).  Since we hadn't brought any booze, we ordered Jarritos soda instead (lime for me, and orange and pineapple for my friends), which was good, but likely not as good as the freshly-made bebidas.

The ambiance in this place is exactly what I look for in a good hole-in-the-wall eatery, complete with interesting and culturally-appropriate decorations, music, and friendly service.  Given the hour at which we visited, the dining room was only 1/3-1/2 full, with one party of somewhat boisterous middle-aged women who'd taken advantage of the BYOB policy to the fullest comprising most of the diners.  Their fun didn't detract from ours, though, since they were pretty well-behaved, although it did make things more interesting--one of them bade us a rather obsequious goodbye on the way out.  We felt that the portions were generous and the prices were inexpensive.

In sum, if you're hungry for a quality and authentic Mexican meal at a good value in the South Side, check La Palapa out!  4.5 stars.