There's only one word I can think of when it comes to Phat Phrank's. AMAZING.

I could leave it as that and have you all wonder or I can let you all know why it's so AMAZING.

I've had their fish taco plate, other than the beans and rice sides the fish tacos were AMAZING. By far the best fish tacos I've had anywhere.  The fish were large crispy on the outside tender on the inside pieces, light and not greasy. The combination of all the fish with cabbage, green onion, cilantro, tartar sauce, and in my case lime and their hot sauce was AMAZING. My mouth is watering as I reminisce. I'll be back for you fish tacos.

Their carne asada torta was...  Oops sorry for the drool.  Their Carne asada torta was very delicious too. Well I might have reached my quota for using the word amazing but don't worry the carne asada tortas are equally as amazing as the fish tacos. I've seen other tortas that are bulky, bready, and just look good because of the huge size not flavor. Size isn't gigantic and not bready, so every bite was just of everything I wanted, something very tasty. There's probably even more ingredients than bread. I'll be back for you too LOL.

I didn't have this but a friend had their enchiladas because it was mentioned in the lvrj as Phat Phrank's signature dish. Now that looked like meal right there. I'm sure it has to be really good too just from what I've already had.  Plus it had a fried egg on it.  Anytime you throw a fried egg on anything it's instantly good.

Location is perfect for me, I'm always in the area though honestly I never knew they were there until a UYE. 

I like the musical instrument on the walls and how it's clean. Seats maybe 20-30 people.

Service was very good, friendly. Phrank and the lady that was there often checked on us, refilling drinks, bring food out quickly, conversing with us and making it an experience not like here is your food and now get out when your done. lol. 

They no longer have raspberry ice tea.
 
Can't wait to go there tomorrow. Wait their not open on the weekends!? This has to be a typo and they close at 6 PM. MAN I can't win.  All good, fresh and delicious food need a break too. AMAZING.