I had the urge for tacos but wanted too try something different then my normal spot. So thought too myself is there better time too check out Tacos La Mexicana! I remember back when it use too be japanese restaurant and always been curious too check it out. I heard lot of positive reviews for it. My first impression walked in was floor space itself nothing changed and there still bamboo plants that use for decoration. Really that when the similarity ends. Inside they changed the color, added big sombrero on the wall, the menu has a nice diversity (but not too big), and drinks have your horchata, mexican soda (love that old school soda in glass bottle) and old school coke glass bottle. Small place laid back atmosphere plus if on the go they even have drive thru window.

I always been fan of authentic tacos none of this american fast food tacos. Between taco trucks and authentic places like Tacos La Mexicana nice option. Lengua guy through and through. No exception got two lengua and two carne asadas tacos. I had too get some refried beans just cause. It like having peanuts and beer. One compliments the other. Both tacos were awesome! I like the portion size of meat they give you per tacos. Both cooked perfect, nice moist, hot, tasty, and hit it with one of five different salsas. Delicious! I almost got in all five. The salsa verde, salsa roja, and regular salsa. You can tell they were freshly made each day. Although the way they ice it down had its own personality. I think the fact that they have FIVE different salsa all daily fresh made, along with your pickled jalapenos/carrots. By far best salsa bar or station had in town yet! The refried beans were pretty tasty too. I just came Big fab of Tacos La Mexicana.

The lunch specials talk about STEAL of deal. Four tacos any choice PLUS you get rice and beans plus drink. It not that much more for dinner but ordering tacos at dinner that all you get. So lunch better bargain but still lunch of dinner great value great food. Plus five different salsas not as though same tacos every time. I know Tacos La Mexicana is place that plan on stopping by more often.