This is quickly becoming a go-to fast casual option for me when I'm in Dilworth. The food is fantastic here. The menu at Tijuana Flats has great variety, definitely more than any other fast Tex Mex style restaurant. It extends beyond the usual staples of tacos & burritos, including enchiladas, chimichangas, tostadas & horizontal lambadas.There are also a variety of ingredients, the food is not over-seasoned and everything is well prepared.

With Tex Mex, we all pretty much know what we're getting, burritos, tacos, some mixture of meat, beans, lettuce, salsa, corn or flour tortilla, etc. However, this place has something different...

The most valuable appointment in the restaurant is the sauce bar, a counter with a host of different sauce choices. Now some might say, "Poo-poo! Who needs all those sauces? Those are just for show," or "I don't even like sauces." However, and I mean no disrespect, those people are pinheads. 

I'm unsure how many sauces there are. Maybe around 20, 25, a thousand. I went to college for Literature so, don't know much bout numbers 'n ciphers 'n such. There is a sauce for just about any particular taste bud. Some are mild, some are murderously spicy, some made from habañero peppers, some from chipotle peppers.  There are green sauces, red sauces, yellow sauces. Sauces for bosses, sauces for hosses, sauces in vases. Some are as sweet as a candied treat and all complete any meat with or without added heat. You get the drift.

I guess for the churchy types some of the sauce names are NSFW or not kid friendly. Don't like it? Go to Taco Bell and get you some boiled horse meat. My apologies, I should never encourage anyone to go to Taco Bell...ever.

All this talk of sauces should not shortchange the food, which is outstanding. You can taste that the veggies and meat are fresh and everything everything is prepared to order. Wheat tortilla alternatives are available for good colon health or whatnot. And of course for a cheap pig like me, the portions are healthy at fair prices. Wait, what? The meals are definitely the star, but they have to share double billing with the sauces.