The most disappointing thing about moving back to Madison has been the lack of good Mexican restaurants - try as we might, it's been a challenge to find a decent taco de asada or a solid burrito.

If you share this same frustration, do yourself a favor and head over to Guanajuato - their food is simply excellent.  Easily the best Mexican food we've had in Madison, and it would stand-up well against some of the best Mexican food from places like Austin.

We ventured into the Guanajuato at around 6:30pm on a Thursday night.  We were invited to sit wherever we'd like; there were 3-4 occupied tables - the rest of the place was wide open.  The environment was clean and quaint; we quickly found a table, and a waitress stopped by with menus, water, and a bowl of chips.

We browsed the menu, and then made our way to the salsa bar.  There are about 6 or 7 salsas at the bar, along with fresh-sliced cucumbers.  I thought the cukes were odd, but they make perfect sense - they cool you down, and they're also a great low calorie alternative to the chips.  

We chose 5 salsas to sample; each was better than the next; a few carried quite a kick, but even so, the flavor was simply amazing.  My favorite was one of the spicier offerings; I doused my burrito with it, enjoyed it with both the chips and the cukes.  

We ordered 2 tacos de asada, a pork tamale, and a steak burrito.  The food arrived within minutes, and we couldn't wait to dig-in.

The tacos were incredible - the beef was tender and flavorful.  Slightly greasy, but packed with flavor.  The soft corn tacos were also wonderful, and for $2, the value was beyond compare.  

The pork tamale got mixed reviews; slightly dry, and just a tad tasteless.  We'd probably skip it next time.

The steak burrito was MASSIVE and oh so delicious.  It needed absolutely nothing, but the salsas from the aforementioned bar added a little kick and really made the burrito experience an unforgettable one.  Oh, and did I mention it only cost $4?  The thing had to weigh 2+ pounds (without rice or beans to boot!)

Service was good - not stellar, but friendly and adequate.  

Guanajuato = WIN

Service = 3 stars
Food = 4.5 stars
Value = 5 stars
Environment = 4 stars

We'll be back in no time!  Don't let the outside fool you - this place is the real deal, with excellent food.