Went for dinner with my fiancé since it was recommended by a friend. I was a bit worried about the service because of the reviews on here. Luckily the service was great we actually had two servers helping us and it worked out pretty well.

I asked for a spicy michelada (like a Bloody Mary but with beer instead of liquor) which wasn't on the menu but our waitress said it wasn't a problem. I loved it! My fiancé got the IPA and didn't have any complaints.
He wanted something to snack on so we got the chips and salsa. The chips were okay but I was impressed with the salsa, being Mexican it's very difficult to find good salsa with enough heat and both the green and red salsas didn't disappoint. 

I started with a small Inca salad and it was wonderful. They were very generous with all of the veggies and the flavors really complemented each other. For the main course I chose a steak taco and a shrimp one. The waitress said the shrimp was her absolute favorite because of the sweet sauce and slaw....well when I took a bite of the shrimp taco it was pretty dry and lacked flavor, the slaw she was talking about was a piece of kale, arugula and a radish. I just pictured a different slaw and mentioned it to her...she was very sweet and offered to bring me an extra side of the sauce and slaw. It was a very nice gesture and definitely added to our service experience. The steak taco was great you can tell that they use quality beef and it wasn't overly done which gives the meat nice flavor. I LOVED the guacamole and couldn't get enough of it. 

He ordered the naco torta and he said it was okay, the waitress asked him how he'd like the egg and he said over easy. The torta that he got was actually over hard...no runny yolk  whatsoever. It looked like a McDonald's egg in the torta and since he's not a picky eater he ate the torta but wouldn't order it again. 

Overall it was a good experience hence the four stars and I definitely want to be back to try the paella! I'd say stick to the steak tacos or burrito and the inca salad was delicious.