I have previously mentioned my love for Mexican food so I have been to this restaurant more times then I care to share but I am just now getting around to writing about it!

In MY opinion, this is the best Mexican restaurant I have been to in terms of authenticity.  I know there are a lot of trendy mexican-fusion type joints but this is just your old fashioned get your grub on type Mexican.


The GOOD:  The salsa is very good...fresh ingredients give it a little bit of chunk and the flavor is perfect.  It is a little runny but I don't like salsa that has been thickened by paste or because it was pureed.  I would rather the flavor with chunks of onion and pieces of cilantro--and that is what this place offers.  


The BAD--They serve the salsa in a very small dish and they have a disclaimer on the menu that indicates only the first two rounds of chips and salsa are free.  I mean, what?  I understand we are in a tough economic situation but you can't be a mexican restaurant and charge for chips and salsa.  We have managed to avoid that extra charge so far.  We usually just ask a different person for more salsa every time...I know, a little dishonest, but I can't help it!  I expect a charge when you go to some random place and happen to order chips and salsa as your appetizer (like Chili's or something) but any standard, hole-in-the-wall Mexican place should NOT do such a thing.



THE EXCELLENT:  Their fresh, tableside guacamole!  WOW!  I had no idea avocados could have so much flavor.  It was fantastic.  The flavors were bold and boasted of fresh cilantro, onion, and lime!  It was such a perfect combination of flavors.  I have had it with the jalapenos and without...either way was incredible!  



I typically get the veggie fajitas and that is another reason why I love this place.  TYPICALLY, if I order veggie fajitas I end up with onions and peppers marinated in salt.  Azteca sends out grilled onions, peppers, tomatoes, squash, broccoli and mushrooms.  They are not weighted down with sodium and dripping in a fajita sauce....they are grilled and fresh.  It really is perfectly done!



The beans and rice and pretty basic--nothing to speak about.  The flour tortillas are great and their pico de gallo is fresh and flavorful.


One other downfall is that they don't give you the option for black beans on the side.  But, what I found out is that black beans are not as authentic in terms of Mexican food.  Muy interesante!



It is definitely worth checking them out...even if it is just for their guacamole.  You may want to bring your own jar of salsa though....just kidding