We just had dinner at this place tonight. I read the reviews so I wanted to ck it out for myself since I live so close to Sunset Station. The restaurant has a feel to it, like its a real mex. rest.. not like its inside a casino. Indeed very romantic old school hacienda feel. I loved the ambiance.

FOOD:  I ordered pork tamales came in the husk with the red chile sauce and topped with Oaxacan cheese. ..which were good but a few bites in there were a smidge dry. It came with refried beans (or blk if u choose) and mex. rice. But.. I'd rather have dry than super greasy any day! ($9.99) My bf ordered the Carne Asada Platter $13.99 that came with beans/rice and  huge salad. I thought wow, nxt time I come I'm going to try their ckn tortilla soup and be good with that. They have a huge salsa bar which was really really good. They had avacado tomatillo salsa that was out of this world. I'd GO BACK just for that! omg. so good. No my bf won tonight b/c the carne asada was like butta it was soo smootha nd delicious. great flavor and not @ all fatty like I pictured it. It's kinda hard to get good carne asada out here. usually its pretty chewy, but this this place. They had really good food. I was so full I ended up taking most of this home. 

DRINKS: 
My bf ordered a regular house marg. $3.95 and I told the waiter I want a real marg. not the slushy pancake molasses aunt jamima marg. I want one that contains actual tequila! He brought me a cadillac margarita and it was gooooood I'd have ordered too but that one was $8.95 and I still had a lot of good food to try so I kept it to a min. of 1 for the night. 

SERVICE:
This is a great place and I think I will add it to the rotation. Oh and the waiter we had was great. His name was Dan, he was super cool and so was our water guy. I didnt catch his name but he recommended the flan nxt time we go or the sopapillas. I'm still too full to even think about that and I ate there hours ago.  A def. must try on the list for Henderson residents.