Just your typical little hole in the wall Mom and Pop restaurant with excellent Mexican Food.  

Wasn't sure what would be good here so opted to try three different types of Meat out in their tacos.  

Beef, Pork (not the BBQ kind), and Pollo.  YUM! Let me just say this. The pieces of meat were small and filled the entire soft corn tortilla shells perfectly.  Not the little dinky corn tortillas like you'd find in LA these are the medium sized ones and if you're like me one would probably be enough and 3 would be plenty for a big hungry boy.  I

 took a bite of each kind without seasoning them (added lime, tomato salsa, and avocado later).  BY far hands down the Beef was my favorite meat. It had the most flavor of the three and was cooked perfectly.  The pork came in second and the chicken third (with the least flavor).  Beef definitely won by a landslide and the seasoning only helped it even more.  

The home made chips were a little thick and if you catch yourself eating them while you're waiting for your meal you may not have room when it gets there.  

The Horchata was PERFECT! Some places make this cinnamon rice drink entirely too sweet.  This guy must love this stuff because his is one of the best I have ever tasted and I've had a lot of Horchata!

The rice and beans were nothing to write home about unfortunately. I had high hopes for them after my friend had bragged to me about how much he loved this Mexican restaurant.  The beans were a little dry and certainly refried. The rice was fine but the beans just didn't help it.  Would have loved a little more moisture and a little more flavor here.  But overall everything was great!  

The prices are VERY reasonable so even if you choose something you're not a huge fan of you won't feel like you're wasting a ton of money.  

NYC's over priced horrible Mexican food just makes me appreciate a place like this even more.

Kudos to this Taqueria (originally from Santa Cruz) for bringing their business to the locals in Vegas.

Date Rating: 1
Pick up Scale: 1

Strong Suggestions:  Just order "Take out" or grab a quick bite when you're running an errand.  Not a place to have a formal dinner party but you will enjoy the food.