I knew Taberna Mexicana didn't open that long ago so I was REALLY surprised to see how busy it was! Granted, we were there on a Friday night around 8 p.m. but given how new it is, it was still a bit shocking. The place had a great vibe! People everywhere (without being too packed) and there also was a nice mix of guests - older, younger, families, couples, friends. I always appreciate that in a restaurant. Also, I loved the decor. The colorful doors spaced throughout the area were really a great focal point. I almost wanted to snap a photo and tell all my friends it was from some exotic country. ;)

One thing that I REALLY want to give props on is their service. From the minute we entered, we encountered smiling, genuine faces. The hostess was very sweet and helpful, the manager was fantastic, and our server, James, was extremely knowledgeable, friendly and quick. Even the owner and Chef Alex Padilla came out to say hi! Chef Alex was really great. You could tell he was very passionate about his food, but also a little shy, which can sometimes be refreshing for a culinary genius.

And culinary genius he is! We learned that Chef Alex spent some time working with James Beard Award Winner Nancy Oakes at the famed San Francisco eatery, Boulevard. So, I guess it shouldn't be too surprising that the food at Taberna really is fresh, innovative and delicious. We got:

Starters
I was bummed to hear they were out of the scallop ceviche (especially since it has the words "truffle salt" in the description) so we went for our second choice, shrimp and halibut. It was okay. The citrus marinade was done well - fresh, crisp and flavorful, but I thought the shrimp was just a little too rubbery. I'm by no means a professional "foodie", though so maybe I was just still dreaming about the passion fruit that comes with the scallops!

HOLY GUACAMOLE was the guac good at this place. It's made to order and I was probably a little too excited about the pumpkin seeds that came in it. (I had to snap a photo and post to Twitter!). The queso that comes in there, too, just really makes it a treat. Just the right amount of kick, too. And speaking of kick, I loved the salsa and chips that they bring to every table. Plantain chips! 'Nuff said.

Mains
I had come off a week of an all-veggie and fruit diet so I was craving some protein. Because of that, I opted for the carnitas. At first I thought the price seemed a little high for carnitas (I'm used to the hole-in-the-wall Mexican places around PHX) but once it came out, I understood why. The  carnitas at Taberna are done in the traditional sense: They bring out the whole slow-roasted pork shoulder so you can build your own mini tacos. I still can't get the Guajillo pepper sauce off my mind and the pickled vegetables on the side really round out the spices. The portion was so big that my boyfriend and I probably could have shared just this dish.

BUT I am glad we didn't because he got the pumpkin seed crusted scallops and oh man, were we happy he did. There was such an interesting mix of flavors and textures between the scallops, corn puree and Huitlacoche roasted garlic sauce. We had to ask what Huitlacoche was and apparently, it is actually a fungus that grows on corn and is often used in Latin America for culinary purposes. When I just looked it up on Wikipedia, they called it "corn smut." Call it whatever you want, I'll call it delicious. The dish sounds intense, but all of the flavors actually worked really well together and the scallops were cooked just right.

Another thing you can't miss is the flan for dessert. I know, I know. I'm not usually a flan fan (say that 10 times fast) but theirs has the texture and taste of cheesecake. Yeah. Think about it. Also, for drinks we had the Jalisco Attitude with a combo of tequila, lime, cilantro and jalapeno. It had a nice kick to it with a smooth finish. We loved it!

All of our choices were guided by the ever-awesome James and we're happy that we took his recommendations! We will be back to Taberna.