For me, this is the closest of four Fausto's Mexican Grill locations. It's in a plaza near Henry's American Grill, which is my favorite late night spot. Fausto's has relatively saner hours, so even though I'd had it bookmarked for a really long time, I only managed to show up tonight.

The photo menu of combination plates reminded me strongly of Roberto's for some reason. I didn't get any of those items. Instead, I ordered two different burritos ($4.95 for each of these), and four different sorts of tacos ($2.30 for each of these) as a takeout order for dinner. I got to try some of each.

Off the bat, I had a minor disappointment when I realized that the California burrito did not contain french fries. That's right, they don't have an authentic Americanized Mexican food item. However, they did have Mexican rice and sour cream to go with the beef, and I ended up enjoying it. As for the carne asada burrito had guacamole and carne asada aplenty, and it was pretty good, but I probably will stop ordering it if given a choice since I usually don't get it anyway.

I might give the tacos a try again in the future since the tortillas (one tortilla per taco) were kinda cold by the time that I got to them, but I did enjoy the fillings for what they were. Carne asada (yeah, again) was alright. Machaca was this fantastic mix of shredded beef and egg that I will probably order next time I'm there. Carnitas was essentially diced pork and tasted of pork. Al pastor seemed odd at first since it was more spicy and less sweet (no pineapple even) than what I've tried elsewhere, but I did end up enjoying it. All of the tacos had guacamole included, which justifies the price as long as you're into guacamole tacos.

For those curious about it, the salsa bar (located around the corner from the register) has two salsas, one red and another more brownish. I don't think either of them are spicy. There's also cucumbers, lime wedges, and the carrot / veggie mixture that I usually don't get.

I intend to try the tortas and the carne asada fries in the future. I'll probably be back since it's authentic Mexican and it's a shorter drive for me than other places are.

P.S. You gotta be careful when you do takeout. If you drive too quickly, things might shift inside the containers, kinda like luggage in the overhead compartment. Lopsided tacos are not a pretty sight.