Read the 10 reviews for this Mexican place hidden away in the giant Walmart shopping complex at the corner of Spring Mountain and Rainbow, and finally decided to give them a try after spending hours looking at fish at the nearby Petco.  It was not hard to find, if you just follow your eyes toward the flashing neon lights to the left Walmart (at night).

The place is kept clean, I saw the lady working there mop the floor like hourly.  The yellow floor might be wet hazard warning system is stationed just inside the door like a sentry.  This Mexican fast food restaurant was also not very busy when I arrived just after 9pm on a Monday. There was a couple finishing up what they had ordered, and another person came in as I was getting ready to head out with my to go order.

I glanced over their menu, which was pretty standard stuff compared to their peers and eventually settled on the Carne Asada Burrito (not a big burrito, but the taste was good and the price is very reasonable at $4.95) and a Strawberry filled Churros (fried nice and crispy and dusted with a lot of plenty of sugar, the strawberry filling was just okay). The entire bill with taxes came out to $6.43 exactly, so it was definitely a budget friendly meal without the frills. 

Their Salsa Bar is also kept very clean and the ingredients all look fresh and appetizing.  I took samples of the four salsas available and they were all decent to good. Just writing this brief review and looking over their to go menu, makes me want to drive back now to try out their Super Nachos ($7.30) or one of their soft tacos ($2.25 each).

What do I look forward to next time I drop in?  If I plan it right, I will be back on another Monday and get their Monday Super Special (Chicken Burrito Combo with a soda for just $3.99) or their 99 cents Chicken or Ground Beef Tacos on Wednesdays. For those that needs a hang over cure, Menudo are available on weekends.

Service:  Friendly and quick.
Price:  Good price to value ratio
Taste:  Good (but only based on the 1 burrito I have tried thus far)
Ambiance:  No frills, except for the nice wall mural.  If you stare at their wall mural long enough, you too can magically transport yourself to East LA with a little imagination.

Accepts American Express but not BitCoin, Litecoin, Namecoin, Ripple, and countless others related virtual currencies.

Tony's Trip Tips:
There is an Alkaline Water self serve filling station just next door ($2/gallon), you can get your Mexican fix and healthful water on the same trip.  Very time and eco-friendly.

Review #12 of 2014