Sumo Mark's stomach had to check this place out. Mayan Mark was just simply hungry. Also was looking for a new place to take some friends. Let's GO!

This is a interestingly and somewhat unusual restaurant. The outside is very plain looking while the inside is something completely different. Just look for the two large glass doors on the west side to enter the building. I had a tricky time trying to locate them. Note to self ...

Once inside the adventure begins. The decor and the layout are very cool and inviting. Really love the open kitchen concept and the crazy sick bar with the giant TV's. There is a large fake tree in the middle of the room that reminded me of an Ewok village in that Star movie.

Came here with some friends that like to try everything and share. The plates are a little bit on the small side and you can easily split several of them without trying very hard. The presentation of the dishes is stunning and create an instant photo opportunity.

We started with the Lump Crab Guacamole and ordered some extra chips. It was delicious and went nicely with their homemade Habanero Mango Sauce. Next the ladies chose the Pad Thai Al Pastor dish and went mild on the spice and also ordered some Miso Eggplant. Couldn't stop there and got a Suzuki Roll and finished off the meal with the Crispy Chicken Mole.

There wasn't anything that we did not like. Our favorites were the Pad Thai Al Pastor and the Crispy Chicken Mole. The Miso Eggplant was also very good and both my wife and her friend really did not enjoy eggplant until now.

Service was very friendly and most helpful. We easily spent an hour or more just goofing off and eating the dishes. Read a few other reviews that said it was very noisy during the dinner hours. We came during lunch and it was not very busy and the noise level was pleasantly low.

Get ready for a good time and check out your surroundings. You may even see some of your Yelp friends. Had a chance to see the lovely Ursula D and her eating companion as they left the building. I was not absolutely sure it was her until she checked in at the last moment. SIMPLY SUMOTASTICO!

4.5 STARS