We went to Matta's for the first time (July 30, 2010) since recently reopening in the Mesa Riverview complex.  Word that they're back in business has spread quickly; when we arrived the waiting area was full and after we were seated 10 minutes later the line was out the door.  I returned the following evening with a friend and we were promptly seated.

The new location features a more modern and upscale look with a second floor for balcony type seating, but appears to offer less than half the capacity of the old space.  The layout seems somewhat awkward and cramped, especially the waiting area, which is basically a hallway situated between the foyer and bar.  However, the furnishings are very nice and appear to be hand carved, although they are quite bulky.

The first evening, I was expecting issues with food and service since they had only been open a few days.  It did take a while to be greeted by our server, but that's to be expected on a busy night anyway.  I ordered the Chile Relleno and a Dos Equis lager, and my better half ordered a combo plate with tacos.  She also loves guacamole so we of course ordered that too.  The guacamole was brought out within a few minutes, and the food shortly followed.  The Chile Relleno was awesome and plenty to eat.  The GF said her meal was also good, but indicated the beans had an unusual flavor.  I identified this flavor as "smoky;" I don't much care for beans anyway.  So, all in all, an excellent first visit despite my concerns about the recent reopening affecting quality of food and service.

The second evening, I had only expectations of a bomb dish.  I ordered the Chile Verde, and my buddy ordered a combo plate which I find boring because you can get tacos or what-have-you basically anywhere and they require no artistry in the kitchen.  The Chile Verde was solid, and although I would have liked more flour tortillas, I found it a very satisfying meal.  The server was consistently overly attentive, but she had only 2 tables and wanted to maximize her tips so I understood this and obliged.  For the second time, I enjoyed my experience at Matta's.

I highly recommend Matta's to anyone looking for great Mexican food and solid service; I find them far superior to any of their well known competitors.  The only reason I didn't award a 5 was because I've only dined at the new location twice.