I've been to Padre's twice now - once for a full dinner and a second time for a margarita and a bite. I really like the bar area, find the service to be friendly and attentive, and think that certain dishes on the are top-notch. On the downside, the dining area (as opposed to the bar) is dull, the parking is tight, and the margaritas aren't all they're cracked up to be. 

Both times we've gone, we've really loved the food. The cilantro mousse was a really interesting and different accompaniment to chips, and the black bean soup was a flavorful and rich starter. As far as main dishes,  the duck tacos are absolutely outstanding. Wow. We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside. I'm not a huge steak person, and I love the way their duck combines the juiciness and charred texture of steak with the lightness of poultry. Both times, we also had super-friendly servers who were very attentive. 

We did not fall head-over-heels for the margaritas, though. We tried the $5 Padre's Margarita and found it to be way too sweet. Not the worst margarita we've had, but nothing outstanding either; I much prefer the house margaritas at Z Tejas if I'm going to go cheap, or the fresh-squeezed/hand-mixed ones at McCormick's if I feel like splurging. 

We also weren't huge fans of the dining area. The first time, we chose to sat there, whereas the second time we were offered a table since the bar area was full. It's just kind of closed off and uninspiring, with ugly gold ceiling fans and no windows. Atmosphere isn't everything, but it would be nice for the dining area to complement or highlight the inventiveness and passion that clearly goes into the food. 

A few final notes: 

1. Parking is tight, and even if you're lucky enough to find a spot in front, good luck getting out of it. I had to do a three-point turn just to pull out of the angled spot! 
2. There appears to be a big patio on the left side of the building. I'm not sure if food is served there, but it looked like a really pretty spot to have a drink and talk.
3. Happy hour is M-F from 4-6 pm in the bar area only. Beer is $2.50, margaritas are $3, mojo martinis and wine of the day are $5, and mojitos are $6. There is a special 6-item bar food menu with prices ranging from $5 to $7.