Found this on Restaurant.com and figured that since I had a free $25 credit coming to me, I may as well use it here.  Sure glad I did!

First - it's part of and connected to the Surf City bar & Grill, so Yelp should actually lump the two listings together.  There's a door and a wall between them, but they're basically the same place.  One difference - you can only use the Restaurant.com coupon in the Cafe, not in the bar area, so don't go after 9pm when the cafe closes if you're using one.

It's a nice, laid-back surfer/mex type of atmosphere.  Bright multi-colored walls with lots of stuff that reminds you of a beach in Mexico.  Very friendly staff, absolutely wonderful margaritas and a pretty big variety on their menu - I didn't find it "simple" at all.

When you're first seated, some guy appears from thin air and plops a plate of chips and super-yummy spicy salsa in front of you before your butt even has a chance to warm your seat.  It's that quick.  We watched, and it happened time and time again to everyone who was seated after us.  They sit, guy miraculously appears with chips and salsa, and then he's gone - all within 20 seconds.  Amazing.

GF doesn't do tomatoes 'cause she's allergic, so they even gave us a side of bean dip (gratis) with the chips so she could enjoy them as I scarfed up the spicy salsa dip.  We weren't even to our last chip when they whisked the remainders away and brought us a fresh plate.  Didn't see that coming either.

Best advice from here - get a margarita.  They've got a bunch, none are cheap, but all are delicious.  They don't use margarita "mix" here, but go old-fashioned with sweet & sour and triple-sec in a variety of ways, all of which sound great and four of which me & my girl can vouch for as actually being great.

Food is of a surprisingly good quality and served fast, fresh and hot.  Special orders (I hate onions, so no pico de gallo please) were no problem and the staff was attentive throughout the meal.  It wasn't too busy the night we went, but still nice to get a "have a good night & come see us again soon!" as we left.

Just a real nice place.  Decor was cool but not gorgeous, staff were nice but not beautiful, food was excellent but not out-of-this-world-memorable or surprisingly different from any other sit-down Mexican place, and the margaritas... well I can't find a single area in which they didn't excel completely.  Best I've had in a while.  We'll be going back, and doing so often.  If I can just get a designated driver so I can try some more of those yummy margies!