I was really afraid to come here after reading the reviews about the service, but we tried it nonetheless and I was very pleasantly surprised. 

The first thing I appreciate about this place is how every design detail has been thought of. As a detail person I can so appreciate that. Lighting fixtures, tables, chairs, the stairs, the wall along the staircase, the open air windows in the warmer weather, the music... This place definitely has an ambience and I dig it.

We got here just before 5 on a Saturday night (tonight, actually), and it wasn't too crowded or too empty. Our waitress, Megan, was absolutely great. Knowledgeable about drinks and food, and on top of everything. We were never waiting around for her to come back which is such an awesome thing. We were still looking over the menu twice when she came back and most waiters get miffed and ignore you for a while when you get to talking with your party instead of reading over the menu (the nerve!), but this girl was back in just the right amount of time. I've never done it, but I'm sure waiting tables is a frustrating azz job, so I can appreciate someone who does it well.

Anywho, on to the food. I ordered the Taco Burrito and I'm not sure I've ever made a better decision. I love tacos. I love burritos. Combine the two and I'm pretty much really excited. The beef was seasoned deliciously, the rice was tasty, there was cheese and beans, sour cream and lettuce and diced tomatoes. I'm the kind of person who just keeps going 'Mmmmm' with delight when something tastes good and YO that was happening with this burrito. It was a little messy to eat since the sour cream, lettuce and tomatoes were on the side, but I'm sure it's so the lettuce doesn't get soggy and the sour cream doesn't melt all over. I'd still devour another one gladly, messy hands and all. The more I think about it the more I decide that I'll be returning for another burrito when the craving strikes. For some reason it's so hard to get a decent ground beef burrito and I'm so glad to have found this one. Am I sounding like a whack job? SHUP it was just a really good burrito, okay? The rest of my par-tay was very pleased with their meals as well (another burrito and tacos were ordered), and they were raving about their margs, which were on special for $5 for cinco de mayo weekend.

My only advice on this place (other than ORDER THE FRIGGIN TACO BURRITO)  is to avoid it at all costs after 8 PM. It seems to get boisterous from what I can tell walking by on an evening stroll. Unless you're looking to get belligerent on Yinzeritas. Then this place will be perfect for you.

Oh oh oh and also, I did want to comment on the staff's garb. I think it's a requirement to wear short shorts for the female waitresses, which I find pretty distasteful but, um, America, eff yeah, or something like that. Just wanted to note that as an interesting observation.