Us:"Where are you located, north side or south side of the street?"
Texano's guy: "Inside"

Cool...I thought I was gonna have to whip up my Spanish to order some food here. I'm fairly fluent after 5 years of studying, so I thought we'd be ok. Then we drive into the parking lot and figure we'd have to go to the back to get our car wash. New-car scent please. Seriously though, I think this place was an old carwash place or something. The bathrooms are on the side of the building, not connected at all to the dining area.

My significant other and I visited this place upon the recommendation of my friend. I feel like recently he's been sending us on a wild goose chase. First he sent us to Grimaldi's which didn't live up to the hype, but I think he finally got something right.

We ordered the california burrito per Steven G's recommendation, and while it was an interested interpretation of an old burrito, it fell short in one or two areas. There definitely was not enough meat in the burrito, sadly, because if there was this place would be a 5 star. I felt full afterwards, but I'm usually even fuller after Filiberto's due to their generous portions of meat. However, the burrito is still worth a shot. I thought to myself while eating it, "Wow, humans really got it right with meat and potatoes. You can serve it up so many ways, and it never fails." Think about it for a second, steak and mashed potatoes, hamburger and fries, california burrito, and there are probably dozens more I left out.

While this place has all the salsas you'd expect to find at your local Fili-B, it also had a mysterious green salsa that wasn't clear. I'm guessing this was the coveted "jalapeno salsa". It had a creamy smooth texture and taste, but also had a hint of fire. Filibertos has nothing like this, and it was simply amazing. Couple their impressive salsa line up with some chips, which come with your burrito, and you have a winning combination. One thing I feel worth mentioning though is that the salsa is a bit more watery than what you are used to at Fili-B.

Its unfortunate that there is no Fili-B near ASU. However, this place fills the gap just perfectly, and its actually an interesting place to try out. They are also open 24/7.