THIS GRINGO LOVES THIS MORE AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD FOR A VERY GOOD PRICE AND A QUICK MEAL
(I have lived in Vegas for a decade and have eaten at all of the restaurants that I have posted reviews for. To START the review FOR THIS CHAIN RESTAURANT I am using the same text that I've used for the other restaurants in this chain as it applies across the entire franchise.  As you read, however, you will find that I am posting on a specific first-hand experience down below.)

I know that the owners and employees of Roberto's, Fausto's, and Maria's Taco Shops are going to hate it when I say this, but they are all the same. BUT WAIT: THAT'S A GOOD THING. It's actually a very good thing. I've lived in Vegas for a decade now and these places are ALL OVER THE PLACE. They all look the same, have the same menu (well, Maria's has a banner inside that has photos of the dishes, but the items are the same), and the consistency is relatively standard considering it's more like home made than from most of the ultra-low end and mid-range Mexican food joints. (Remember, I'm a gringo, so if you're from South of the Border, treat me like a Hawiian does a Haole or a Ninja does a Gaijin and just write me off. But for you gringos, listen up!)

The tacos are damn good and are a little over $2. The rolled tacos, what I have called taquitos in the past, are really tasty and come slathered in gaucamole. Hell, I haven't had a bad dish yet.

I eat at these places often and sometimes on back-to-back days. One of my favorite dishes to break the monotony is the Nacho Fries. They load on all the nacho stuff onto a bed of fries instead of chips!

There is the full range of types of food that you would expect, and many that we gringos are barely aware of. If you're thinking about going to this place, go and check it out. For the price, you can't go wrong.

REGARDING THIS SPECIFIC LOCATION:
I used to live around the corner from this place and have eaten here over 50 times in the last couple of years. The guy who runs the cash register is really cool and I really admire how hard he works. I wish they didn't have Pepsi products, but then that just makes me drink water which is better for me anyways. Don't forget to check out Henry's right next door, as it's a good place to grab a beer and they have some interesting dishes.