I know I've eaten here three times this week--it's on my way home from work and its good.  I usually drive through or pick up and go, but last night i stayed and had dinner there.

I ordered a veggie bowl with mango salsa and jalapeno, and a watermelon juice. The food here is great, really flavorful and not dripping with grease. The staff is nice and friendly.  It's almost everything i want. (*you can skip to the bottom if you like)

The tortilla shell my veggie bowl came in was red and tasted almost like a saltine--had a different texture than what i expected, but was really good.  I thought the color might be red food dye, but its not that vibrant-- which makes me think it could be a natural tomato based coloring. I can't really know for sure. If it is, i wont be eating their tortilla shells anymore.  If not, the rating could go back up to 5 stars just for that. 

The watermelon juice is so good, i wonder if they put sugar in it.  They had a strawberry juice which was pepto bismal pink and had milk in it. I feel 100% natural should mean no added sugar ( and especially no added milk)  to my juice.  If anything, perhaps if the fruit isn't sweet enough, some agave or another natural sweetener. I'm also not sure how i feel about the large jugs with a ladle hanging inside.  I'm sure its clean enough for other people but i have a thing about germs.

Ive been working a lot and don't have time to grocery shop let alone cook healthy meals.  My diet normally consists of mostly whole grains, vegetables, fruits and beans. Lately, with all my crazy work hours, I barely have time to eat, let alone make anything, so i have to pick up lunch/dinner somewhere.  I would love it if this place could assure me that 100% of their food is natural and unprocessed.  If that is their claim, i want to be sure.  


I'm almost sure most of the food is natural as they claim, it tastes great and is better for me than taco bell. However, if the name of the place is 100% natural, it should exceed my expectations of what 100% natural means. Whenever I'ved asked about ingredients or what is in something i get really vague answers or none at all. It seems like they might be closer to 90% natural, but who knows.  

This is still a great place in the south east/green valley area to have good and healthy mexican food. 

*if dining-in, beware of the oddly slanted benches. I would stick to the chairs and save your back some grief.