Where can you get authentic, fast, cheap tacos in Vegas? TACOS EL GORDO. There's one on charleston, but this review is for the one on las vegas blvd.

Typically $2 tacos for a variety of meats: cabeza, lengua, adobada, and many more incarnations. Sad thing is I've waited so long to have amazing, real tacos until I've been introduced. Been here many times since then. 

WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE WHEN YOU'RE A TACOS EL GORDO VIRGIN/TOURIST: Standing around awkwardly trying to figure out where to order. 

HOW TO ORDER: It's simple: one line for all other meat (cabeza, lengua etc.). One line for adobada (at least at this location). I believe they have more lines open to order, but I've come here a few times when it was just two lines. To those griping about the format of the lines, get over it. It's understandable that you want instant gratification and to get all your tacos at once, but the food comes out quick enough. If anything it's a bit more efficient. 

If you come with at least one other person (and chances are you're here with someone else) here's an idea: have one person stay in one line for a type of taco, and another person in another line waiting for the other tacos. Simple. Meet up at the register to pay for your tray. For $2 tacos and this delicious AND on the STRIP (lots of overpriced food places on the strip), it's not all that bad. You're free to try swankier places on the strip if you're that peeved. 

PERFECT FOR: Drunk people! Tipsy people! People-watchers! Night owls! Broke people! You might get a heart-attack if you ate here everyday, but you cannot beat the prices and the prime location. It does get super busy, but luckily, it's got late-night hours for that after-club/after-party bite. 

FOOD: The adobada tacos are deliciously marinated. It's fun watch it turn spit-style on a pineapple as it's being sliced for you. Flavorful, fattening, quick, and cheap. They don't skimp on the tacos either. Loaded with marinated meat, lettuce, tomatoes..my mouth is watering just remembering it. 

Carne asada fries are disappointing, yet still tasty for me. Crackly, torn adobada instead of soft mixed with guacamole and green sauce loaded (key word: LOADED) with cheese, sour cream, and fries. Nothing too special, but very filling and good for sharing. Wished it had more guacamole and green sauce. Might be a miss for some people. 

VERDICT: For the price you can't beat it. For the flavor, it's some of the best tacos in town. Overrated? Yeah. Best tacos ever? No, but it's better than Roberto's or a taco bell. This place has performed consistently for me that it's always perfectly moist, flavorful, rich meat. For others, the rush hour and lines might throw some off. Not a bad place for tourists and locals alike to try out for late night eats.