Looking for some yummy Mexican-ish type food? Look here!

Cantina Laredo is a newer restaurant located in Tivoli Village, right next to the colorful trees. Its a very nice and open location, and the seating is not tight and uncomfortable. Upon entering you will see a bar area to the left, an outdoor area to the far left, and to the right more seating inside with the cool AC running. There is also more seating available on the patio, but we opted for the cool indoor seating. 

Then menu is simple, the front is the Entrees and food, the back has all the drinks they offer. This visit we all got a mojito, the waiter suggested adding peach to make it more delicious, and boy he was spot on with that! We chose the "Cantina roll" and the table side guacamole as our apps, they also provide you with chips and 2 different types of salsas. I liked both, one was a little spicier than the other so it was nice to have variety. Soon our lady came to us with her cart to make the table side guac, what I liked most is that you have a choice of peppers, the hot Serrano, spicy jalapeno, or the roasted jalapeno. I really wanted Serrano, but we went with the jalapeno. You can also choose what other ingredients you would like added, the standard tomatoes, red onions, cilantro, and of course lime and other spices. She pitted 2 large avocados and went to work making the guac. She was very good at making it, although I would've like it a little creamier, she had big chunks of avocado in there, luckily they were ripe and soft so it was ok. My friend liked it so much so he ordered a 2nd order when dinner arrived. 

For our entrees we all ordered enchiladas, my "mother" opted for the enchiladas de espinaca aka spinach enchiladas. They consisted of Sautéed spinach, Monterey jack cheese and mushrooms topped with sour cream poblano sauce. Her husband went with the Enchiladas Veracruz which were made of chicken, spinach and monterey jack topped with tomatillo sauce, marinated vegetables, and queso fresco. I went for the Enchiladas de Camarones aka shrimp enchiladas, these were made with Shrimp, Monterey jack cheese and roasted peppers on vegetables topped with sour cream poblano sauce. All entrees include 2 enchis and rice, some cilantro some Spanish, and black beans. My enchiladas were super amazing, and coming from a Mexican girl that should mean something! My friends also agreed! Their entrees were gone is less than 10 minutes! As well as their yummy mojitos! If you've ever dined with me, I am definitely the slowest eater ever, BEWARE!

The nice server came back to our table and asked if we were ready for dessert, of course Santiago said yes so he brought out an actual plated selection of what was available. We chose the mango tres leches and the Mexican brownie. The Brownie consisted of a large brownie with pecans and walnuts served on a sizzling skillet with Mexican Brandy Butter and vanilla or cinnamon ice cream. The mango tres leches were a creamy vanilla cake with fresh mango as well as mango cream sauce. THEY WERE AMAZING! My favorite was the mango tres leches, mainly bc it was sooooo light and tasted amazing with the mangos! By the end of all of this, we were totally full!

The service at Cantina Laredo is impeccable and the quality and quantity of food is just right for the price, its more gourmet and you can tell they put love and time into every dish they make. We will definitley be back for happy hour, where they have specials on apps and drinks!