Ah Moreno's...

Let me tell you a little story about my first Sonoran HotDog..

I was watching over my mother-in-law one night after she recently had surgery.  My wife came to relieve me, and I thought that I'd pick up something quick for her to eat before I went home.

Usually, if I can't decide what to eat, I drive around until something strikes my fancy.  I drove passed Moreno's, and I did a "double take".  I noticed there was a hotdog stand in the front and I thought it was a peculiar thing to have in front of a Mexican restaurant.  It really peaked my interest.

I decided to give it a shot.

I ordered 2 hotdogs and the guy asked me: "Todo?"  I guess it means "With everything?"  (I say that because I'm Filipino, and I'm often mistaken for being Mexican, Samoan, Hawaiian, Japanese, and a few other races.)  The guy really didn't speak much English, but in a Mexican restaurant, I wouldn't want it any other way.  Ok.. back to my story... He asked me:  "Todo?"  and I said "Sure.", not knowing what was that entailed.  He put the hotdog in a bun and started stacking layer after layer of condiments on it.  The level of artistry and proficiency this guy displayed when making this hotdog was astounding.  I was a newbie to Sonoran style hotdogs and looking at that thing was just too much for my mind to comprehend.

I took the dogs back to my wife.  Her and my-mother-in law took a look at them and had the same look on their faces as I did.  I said my goodbyes and left to go home.  

Half-way home, I get a call from my wife.  She's raving about how good those hotdogs were and asked me to go back to Moreno's to pick up 8 more.  Apparently, they liked them so much, that they called her aunt and brother to come over to try a couple.  I thought, "What the hell... I'll try a couple."  You never forget your first bite of a Sonoran Hotdog from Moreno's.  There's something magical about it, sort of like your first sexual experience.

We usually get our share of family and friends visiting from out-of-state, and Sonoran Hotdogs have been a sure-fire hit with EVERYONE we bring to  Moreno's.

To this day, I randomly receive text messages from friends and family to the effect of  "I'm craving those Mexican style hotdogs."  You'll crave these hotdogs like a crack-fiend.

Anyways..  they also have pretty good tacos.  Go there on a Wednesday,  they have $1 tacos that day.

I believe the Sonoran Hotdogs are $1.95 on Thursdays.

Try the pineapple drink they have at the counter.  It is very refreshing.

Happy eating!