My wife and I used to live near the cafe rio located near where Eastern met the 215 and it was always awesome food. Now we live in a new place and luckily we found that it is fairly close to yet another cafe rio! Yay! It is real strange though seeing it located in such an empty shopping center... it is such a stark contrast to the other location which can be an insane mind numbing experience when it comes to finding parking. Not surprising though considering it is such a small lot with some really awesome food spots... *ahem* Nelson's Frozen Custard anyone? Anyway, back to cafe rio! lol.

Food is pretty good here, though they do tend to make the occasional errors ... forgetting a lime here or there, no guacamole, etc. Never anything huge though, and if you point it out politely to them they will fix it immediately without problem. Customer service has always been a big thing for us and it is probably one of the things that constantly brings us back here. NEVER have we had a problem with the employees or their service, they have always been super kind and helpful! 

Our favorites are the salads, typically we get without rice or beans and just ask for extra lettuce and pico. My wife usually can't finish and I just barely squeek by, lol. Huge portions and with the giant homemade flour tortillas it is a very satisfying meal. Occasionally I'll get a burrito if I'm in the mood for more carbs. The hottest sauce they put on the burritos isn't all that strong, so if you want something more spicy make sure to grab one of the sauces from next to the drinks for that extra kick in the pants. If you want to try something a bit different though you can always try the daily specials! Every day but sunday is a different unique item, monday is chile rellanos for example and you won't find it on the menu any other time. The specials come with a drink included with the price. 

Lastly, make sure you get a stamp card if you plan on coming back, 10 stamps and you get a free meal plus drink! lol, my wife and I already have 2 meals saved up for a special occasion when we are REALLY broke!