Ho maria maria.. She reminds me of a west side story...Growing up in...spanish harlem...Shes living the life just like a movie star.. "were busy and you'll have to wait for your table but your welcome to sit in the lounge." This is not the way to start out with me.. the thing is the place was busy but I would see there were tons of tables not only on the spacious patio but in the cool looking dining room. After about 10 minutes we were sat! The service was prompt and considering they have been open for only a few  days was running fairly smoothly. 

Okay the space at Maria Maria is very cool! Chain, concrete, embossed material on the banquettes and in the back a huge dining room with this cool tree in the center. Loads of candles and a singer playing guitar who is very very good. The place can set a mood for sure.. my only problem with the space are the 2 giant screens paying homage to Carlos Santa but he owns the place so why not, right?

Youre greeted with chips and salsa which is very cool cause I was so hungry! Order a Maria Maria Margarita with a Midori float.. oh yeah, good stuff. But couldn't help but notice that I can make margaritas and salsa better at home, but I'm weird that way. Both were very good for sure and compliment each other nicely. 

On to the food.. we ordered duck tacos and a chicken quesadilla for apps.. the duck tacos were the clear winners.. perfect cook non greasy duck meat wrapped in a corn tortilla covered in a red cream sauce.. was sublime. The chicken quesadilla was really good, grilled crispy and not oily at all. Pretty yummy and served with a napalito salsa..

Dinner we ordered Beef Chivichanga and Beef Enchilada's.  The enchiladas were bathed in a smoky complex sauce both creamy and slightly spicy. The Chivichanga was alright.. both were filled were braised short ribs but didn't have the punch we were both expecting. The portions here are very large as we took leftovers home. The Chivichanga could be easily shared as there are 2 on the plate.

The Mr and I were both pleased with the place aside from the first week jitters I'm sure this place will find its groove. Fortunately our server was very calm and collected.. she also had an assistant who was as adorable as he was helpful. 

This was a great make up dinner after the mess over at Fines on the Mr's bday.. also cost half as much. 

Ho maria maria.. She reminds me of a west side story...Growing up in...spanish harlem...