It wasn't love at first sight. Even with its charming atmosphere and interesting choice of decor, I wasn't convinced I could like this place. I had the mole. It was meh. I had some shrimp concoction. Just okay. It seems that whenever I'd eat here with family, I'd leave unsatiated and disappointed. I just didn't think Chilero's was my type of place, but my parents love it. They've made friends with the owners, so it's easy to see when I dine with them that my parents like this little neighborhood Mexican joint. 

Today, however, I fell in love. Perhaps it was the company - everyone in great spirits - or perhaps it was that i took a good, hard look around and really began to appreciate Chilero's. Also, it didn't hurt that the food I ordered - the shrimp quesadilla with raspberry chipolte sauce on the side - was absolutely heavenly. Melting cheese and shrimp cozily placed between two tortillas. Mmmm. Every bite, dipped with my fingers into the sweet, savory sauce, was absolutely wonderful. 

But, don't take my word for it. See what Get Out magazine had to say in June of '06:
"Yes! The de la Cruz family - the talented group behind those addicting little tortilla chips and that delicious jalapeno-flecked carne asada served at both Mango's in Mesa and El Zocalo in Chandler - has opened its fifth restaurant and it's just down the road from my house. So stoked. The new Chilero's has the familiar Cruz flavors and is a big culinary score for this section of the East Valley, especially since they plan to serve agua frescas, arguably the most thirst-quenching liquid ever. Mole de pollo ($11.95), fajitas ($13.95), nachos ($8.95), chile verde ($10.95), tacos, tortas, burritos, sopapillas and flan make up the majority of the menu. The ordinary strip-mall shell looks great inside with its cappuccino and burnt orange walls, mud-set clay tile awnings, stained concrete floors, bright yellow open air ducts and shiny river rock archways. A liquor license is in the works." (http://www.getoutaz.com/story/285)