Spent our 24th anniversary at China Poblano and we were so, so satisfied.  But be warned this is a trendy "small plate" big price restaurant which means both your wallet and your stomach could be left empty. However, the food is delicious, the atmosphere fun and the service impeccable, if a bit pretentious (each food runner describes the dish you just ordered as they deliver it to your table in case you are so drunk on their incredible tequila offerings that you need reminding). 

China Poblano offers both Mexican and Chinese dishes side by side, hence the name.  I was hoping for more of a fusion concept but dove in with all tastebuds firing. 

Number one: Get the carnitas taco.  At $5.50 it is moist, flavorful and meaty!  Yes there should be at least 2 if not 3 tacos for that price but trust me, ignore the price and just order a lot of these! 

The guacamole and warm tortillas are delicious and filling.  The quail egg shumai are great and you get 6 of them in one order.  The pozole is good and satisfying, not the best I've had but good.  The dan dan noodles were earthy tasting and not my favorite although the actual noodles were wonderful, the topping tasted of pungent, ground earth, maybe not bad, but not my taste.

For dessert, we ordered the churros with Oaxacan chocolate.  This was off.  The churros were flavorless and not sweet enough although the texture was right.  The chocolate was bad.  The flavor was mingled with an unrecognizable savory, spice that we didn't care for at all.  

Had a fabulous 1.5 oz. pour of tequila.  Their tequila menu is extensive and organized by Highland and Lowland brands.  Also their take on the classic margarita is really fun with a salty foam topping that is delicious for those who enjoy a salted margarita.  

The prices are ridiculous which is why I am not giving the place 5 stars. But it's the new Vegas and long gone are the crappy $1.99 buffets about which I am certainly not complaining.  However, it seems we've moved to the opposite end of the spectrum, serving higher quality food while gouging people with prices 4 times the actual cost of the ingredients.  I hope in my lifetime, we see a happy balance between the two.

But if you're willing to blithely open your pocketbook, you're in for a great meal!