First all I have to say is thank God TQLA is in the easy valley.... Last night was our first visit and will not be our last.  We sat in the bar (are go to spot) even though tables we available.  The bartenders were both very nice, and very helpful... Off to a great start... 

We were offered chips and salsa. I know what you are thinking big deal! Well yeah the chips were chips, but the 3 yes 3 salsas were incredible.  First you're more traditional roasted pepper salsa, not the typical tomato puree with some onions.  Next a favorable guacamole tomatillo, and the kicker, what they called the "good luck" salsa, black eyed pees with onion & cilantro, best salsa of the night.

It was happy hour with appetizers half off, such a great deal, we chose the Baja Ceviche.  Now here is something do don't find out side of Scottsdale ... fresh seafood who would of thunk? Nice presentation with lots of seafood, my only comment maybe a little more lime..

For the entree we went with the craw fish & spinach enchiladas.  Everything about this was first rate.  The black beans had flavor, not like they just rolled them out of a can, and even the rice was memorable. Next time they have an appetizer of Craw fish Hush Puppies I have to try. 

I would not call this place a Mexican restaurant, more of a Southwest fusion of three types of cuisine.  I would call it a cross between Cajun, Tex-Mex, and Mexican.  The menu is not large (good thing), but they do have a nice variety of choices, including vegetarian choices.

My wife and I both love this type of food, and we have search the east valley, and until now have not found a place to keep coming back to.  We were so desperate that we actually went to "One the Boarder" a couple of times, it makes me gag just thinking about it.

For me if you live around the 60 in Mesa you have to try it at least once. Thursdays are the night to be here we ended up next to a group that make Thursday's their TQLA night, and we were welcomed into the pack. So I hope to see you all next Thursday at TQLA it's a fun time and so far Great Food.