Yo Rita has been my favorite "fancy" taco place in Pittsburgh since it replaced the Iguana Grill. Since then, other places have opened (Smoke, Round Corner), but no one else seems to be able to pull of the experimental taco thing quite like Yo Rita.

The ever-changing menu keeps the samplings fresh and when you find one...or two...or three...or in my case, FOUR tacos that you love, you need to get back as much as possible because they won't last for too long. As my wife found out, her favorite - the brussel sprout taco - disappeared with the seasonal menu update after only getting to enjoy it twice. Unfortunately, that's the way it's played, folks. Haha.

The starters are also usually really good. On the current menu, the albondigas (bison meatballs) are excellent - albeit a bit spicy - and the patatas bravas are tasty! I just wish they'd bring back the mini chorizo corn dogs. Amazing.

I would give Yo Rita 5 stars, but with the experimentation sometimes comes tacos that just don't work for me. That's not to say they won't be awesome to other people, though. There's also the rare occasion where the quality seem inconsistent. For example, we went last night to try the new menu, and the rock shrimp taco seemed to have shrimp shell in it. The flavors were good, but no one likes shell. Of course, the rest of my tacos were excellent...and considering I ate 5 tacos, 4 out of 5 great ones makes my rating easy to figure out.

Yo Rita also has some excellent daily taco specials and great mixed drinks...oh and the free chips and salsa are awesome!

The service is also a positive. They don't have a lot of waitstaff, but the small team usually does an incredible job, and the food comes out quickly.

The cost adds up quickly, though, and it's tempting to order a lot. You do get a ton of food in each taco, but I know a lot of people who will look at a single taco costing $9 and feel ripped off, BUT since Yo Rita packs each taco with a lot of meat and a lot of quality, I've never felt like it was overpriced at all.

Overall, it's definitely worth checking out!