I went for the famed brunch with one of my trusty restaurant.com coupons. Small plates have become just about my favorite thing in Vegas, mostly because I'm gluttonous, but also because I like to try all the different flavors. Brunch seemed to be the best use of my certificate!

We were seated immediately overlooking the pools--what a cool view! Our server came by and took drink orders. My friend who was flying out that day ordered bottomless mimosas, and I, her trusty chauffer, went for the minty lime "refresher" that was basically a mojito without booze or simple syrup. It was delicious and its title as a refresher was apt. We ordered a few to start, but the server informed us that he would be sending some things our way as well.

We ended up trying nearly every small plate on the menu. Standouts for us were the rajas taco, shrimp and grits, breakfast enchilada, biscuit and gravy, french toast/bread pudding, Oaxacan pancakes, egg benedict, and the fresh fruit with the passion fruit sauce. (I just basically listed the whole menu for good ones. Not so much were the plantain, black bean and cheese empanadas (they were straight up weird) and the jalepeno PBJ (again, weird, and somehow misses the mark). The PBJ was served on a little biscuit with an egg, bacon, peanut butter, jelly,  and raw jalepenos. It didn't work for me. When we started ordering, the server asked how we wanted our eggs prepared for egg dishes, and so it was assumed that I wanted an over easy egg for the PBJ--I think maybe scrambled would have worked better? But I wasn't entirely sold on the flavor combination.

I deducted a star for the cramped seating on the patio. Every time I moved outside my little box to put on a sweater or stretch my arms, I felt like there was a server or server assistant right behind me. I watched Phineas and Ferb on a girl's cell phone with remarkable clarity two tables away. It was too close and I couldn't imagine being a server there with alllll those plates to get out. They did it all amazingly, though I wish there was a little more space for dining.

I want to try the other meals here! I loved the decor inside and it seemed to be a fun place, if off the beaten path of Mandalay Bay.