For some reason I wasn't expecting this place to be any good.  It is almost trendy to not like this place.  I guess it is an easy target for people around here because it is a chain, an entertainer's name is attached to it, and prices are more than Applebees.  I however, can think for myself and keep an open mind.

I knew going in that this was going to be typical "Mexican" food joint like Garcias or whatever you people consider to be good Mexican food.  The food is obviously Mexican inspired and their special twist is added to each dish.  Again, if you want "Mexican" food, go somewhere else to get your chimichanga.

Anyway, I went there last night with a party of 6 at around 7ish.  The place was probably 1/2 full and we were seated promptly.  The decor is unique for the area and quite a nice change.  It was almost like you aren't in Tempe Marketplace.  There was also live music that surprisingly wasn't too loud so we could all converse without straining to hear or be heard.

To start you get chips and salsas.  The chips were fresh and pretty good.  The salsas were also very good and 2 of them had a nice kick to them.  We also ordered the guacamole.  It was eh and lacked pizazz.  It was just basically mushed up avocado and nothing more.  Well nothing more I could taste really.  For my meal I ordered the steak fajitas and they were excellent.  Tender strips of steak, sauteed peppers/onions and full of juicy goodness.  The bacon they add, which sounds gross, was actually a solid addition.  I would definitely order the dish again.

I agree that the prices are too steep.  Everything should be about $5 less.  However, most of their menu looks excellent and I would like to come back to try more stuff.

The service was excellent up until the end where he royally messed up our checks and quickly brushed us off to his manager because he couldn't be bothered to deal with it.

I had a $40 cert from Local Dines (http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ) that I got for $20.  It came in handy and is the best deal around.  The only crappy part is that places sometimes act like they have never seen a gift certificate before and it turns into a clusterfuq.