I have been to The Mission three times now and every experience has been amazing. From the margaritas to the entrees and desserts, everything I've tried has been delicious. 
The first visit was for our company holiday party. We started inside at the bar for cocktails and appetizers. I ordered a coconut margarita that was amazing. Honestly, that was the star of the night. 

After the holiday party, my husband and I stopped by for dinner one night. We sat on the back patio, which feels comfy and intimate - like someone's backyard. There are lights strung up, white patio furniture, and random bushes/trellises to round out the foliage. For dinner, I ordered the scallops - which were delicious. Overall, we had a fun evening. 

My third and most recent visit was with my in-laws. My father-in-law read about their tableside guacamole in a magazine and was dying to try it. Thus, we stopped by on a busy Saturday night. Unfortunately, we didn't call ahead and make reservations but rather showed up and had to put our name on the list. The hostesses were extremely nice and told us the wait would be roughly 45 minutes. We went to another nearby restaurant for drinks and after 45 minutes, walked back to The Mission. We told the hostess we wouldn't mind sitting outside and they were quick to seat us. We ordered the tableside guac (not as exciting as my father-in-law thought it would be) but delicious. Since they make it tableside, you can say yay or nay to ingredients if you are a picky eater (which my father-in-law is). We also ordered a round of margaritas. I tried to blood orange margarita - which was good but not very sweet. They no longer have the coconut margarita on their cocktail list, which I sorely miss!  For our entrée, my husband and I split the chorizo porchetta - pork shoulder, chorizo, and white bean puree. It was melt in your mouth perfect. So tender, juicy, and flavorful. I would come back for this alone! 

Overall, The Mission is a great place for an intimate date, anniversary, or a place to take friends/family if you want to impress them.