This Is My First Review On Yelp. And Its Not Because I experienced something Magical and God sent that I needed to make an account. I'm excited To Bring to This website My Thoughts and Opinions starting This Year. Ive had a Hard Time with this website and Paying attention to it because of all the close mined people and the Inexperienced. Ahh Yes About Raspados It Was the Last Place Ive been to and It Was a Pleasant Experience. Its located at Arizona Mills Mall Close to Ross Retail store if you don't feel like walking in a circle to find it. Its Is Easy to find with the Number of People waiting in line. but It Was Surprisingly Slow when I took a Mexican date there and Once we Arrived the Place looked Clean the Workers where nice and Patient great customer service with their eye popping Pink Shirts. We Started looking at the Menu witch Was Surprisingly Small for a Mexican Establishment Menu It Was More Comfort Food with their Own Twist to it and Lots of specialty Mexican Drinks. I Asked My date A few questions about the Unfamiliar Mexican Dishes to Remember the Names is far Beyond me I know One of them Was sopas since it stuck. they had bags of Chips mostly that They Added Steak, Hot sauce and cheese to and served in its own bag witch I thought It was Cardiac stopping Delicious. after an Indecisive  Debate I Went for the carne Tostada sandwich. she wasn't that hungry And Decided on the Flour Cheese Quisadilla. I also ordered a Horchata and She Ordered a Jaimaca Juice. They had tables inside. but We sat On the tables they Provided out which was right in the Middle Of Traffic Its Not a romantic or quite spot at all just an FYI. The Food was fast I say 10 minutes. but for some reason the Drinks took longer. the Dishes Looked Fresh as well as the Jalapenos and the Shredded lettuce and veggies on the side. I picked Up the Sandwich and Most of the Stuff inside Fell Out onto the Plate which I thought It Was Annoying Witch My date could tell. She assured me that How Mexicans Eat so I went with that. I picked up the fork and took bites of the sandwich and Bites of the Fallen good stuff. It Was Delicious and comforting It was like good Street Food. the Bread was Good the Meat was okay a little Dry But It moistened up with the delicious sauce they had on it. I finished mine quick wanting more. I asked about her Quisadilla witch she said it was ok and that she could make it better. I tried Her Quisadilla and I believed her It needed Help but It wasn't bad at all. So It Made Me Wonder If they have some menu Dishes that are Mediocre and some were great. Ill Leave that up to you. Ill Visit this Place again and try It out again order something Different. All in all I enjoyed it. And The Horchata was good. I left satisfied not Heavy at all with a Craving to order something else but I knew I wouldn't Finish it since they had Decent Portions; and Its Not That Expensive. Visit Raspados Instead Of the Food Court If you Want something Different. Good spot.