The Stand is a Phoenix, AZ exclusive burger joint that would be so successful if it expanded into such places as San Diego.  Having focused our culinary exploration to Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives and Man vs Food restaurants in Phoenix, for our last stop, we decided to try one of the local foodie joints that have not appeared on these shows.  After our positive culinary experience there, this place should be featured on one of these shows.

Think In n Out's simplicity and yummy burgers and fries and that's what you get at the stand.  As you enter the restaurant, you immediately notice the basic menu of hamburgers, tacos, various side items, and shakes.  Love a place that doesn't make the ordering process complicated.  By simplifying the choices, the focus is more on the food and once you experience the food The Stand prides itself on, you'll be a believer too.  There is indoor seating and outdoor seating, but with the blistering heat, sitting inside was a must.  There just isn't enough indoor seats to my liking.  The decor is simple as it's food choices.  There's a large Coca-Cola poster art piece, a decorative clock, and an old Coca-Cola cooler next to the registers.  The customer service by its employees are stellar.

The Stand is a burger place that also sells a few Mexican food selections.  If there are two things that you must order, order the Standard cheeseburger along with the extra priced grilled onions and jalapeños and the short rib taco.  The Standard cheeseburger is comprised of 2 house ground beef patties, lettuce, tomato, dill pickle, stand sauce, and with the added butter caramelized onions and grilled jalapeños, you'll want to order another one.  All of the ingredients meshed well together to make your taste buds happy.  The short rib taco is composed of braised short rib, pickled red cabbage, cotija y queso fresco, diced onion, and fresh cilantro.  Once again, you'll want to order another one.  The taco comes with hot sauce that isn't too spicy, but complements the taco really well.  We also ordered tortilla chips and fresh tasting guacamole, Mexican street corn, one of the best horchata drinks, and salted dulce de leche hand-spun shake.  The chips and guacamole is a good appetizer, my wife really enjoyed the corn, and the shake was thick, delicious goodness.

I asked one of the employees, who just so happened to formerly live in San Diego close to where we live, if the owners were planning to expand.  She said that she's been trying to convince the owners to open one in San Diego because this would flourish there.  We coincidently agreed that The Stand would be a great addition to what Pacific Beach has to offer.  I'm taking a stand to have The Stand open in San Diego or at least somewhere close so that I could satisfy my cravings.