Very excellent taco shop serving up yummy, made with love, authentic street tacos south of the border right here in Las Vegas.

OperatingHours:
M-Th 9am-2am
F-Sat 9am-4am

I am pretty adventurous when it comes to food, and will try most things at least once plus willing to make the trip to get it.  So after spending too much time in the school library and still needing to find a good late night spot to eat, I somehow found the Yelp reviews for Tacos  El Gordon on the East side of Las Vegas.  The reviews were all positive, and the pictures posted helped cement my decision to drive 40+ blocks down Charleston to find this tacos heaven.

The place was not difficult to locate, as it was a corner unit facing the E. Charleston Blvd.  The restaurant is well-lit inside, with modest décor but the tables, side garnish and drinking fountain stations are spotlessly clean. Even at 10:45pm on a quiet Wednesday night, the lines in front of the ordering counters seem to swell and ebb like the motion of the distant oceans.  Luckily most here are old pros at ordering the tacos and the lines moved quickly.  Even though I felt like a tourist visiting Mexico here, the friendly gentleman at the Adoboda station greeted me warmly with "what can I get you my friend?" and helped me translate their fairly straightforward and simple menu, he even helped my placed the rest of my orders at the other station when he was done fixing up my two Taco de Adobodas.

By the time I was at the cash register, my red plastic tray is brimming with 6 tacos (2 Adobodas, 2 Asadas, 1 Chorizo and 1 Lengua), a plate of the grilled scallions and roasted pepper and a cup for their bottomless Horchta ($1.40) all for just under $15.  Pretty sweet deal for what many reviewers are saying as very authentic Mexican street tacos.  I am no taco expert, but a restaurant filled with paying Mexican and Hispanic patrons is a great endorsement and what I look for when seeking a taco shop like this.

Tace de Adoboda - ("Shepherd's Style") Spicy pork with adobo seasoning slowly roasted like, and shaved off the rotating skewer into the freshly prepared homemade hot corn tortilla and topped off with the sauces, onions, cilantros.  I enjoyed this the most.  5 stars!

Taco de Asada - Basically a carne asada taco with the regular fixings.  Taste was just okay for me, the portion of beef was generous but I felt it was a tad dry.  3 stars.

Taco de Chorizo - Made with the firmer chorizo and not the kind that melts into a poodle of grease and spices.  Others don't seem to care much for this taco, but I thought it was good.  4 stars!

Taco de Lingua - The "tongue" taco.  I really want to like this more, but it was just a little salty for my taste.  Otherwise the portion of the beef tongue was also generous.  I will still give it another try.  2.5 stars.
The grilled scallions and roasted pepper was good and the lady behind the counter really filled the plate for me, even though I only needed like  of the scallions.  I might have used more if the scallions were chopped up, but I will chalk that up as being the traditional and authentic way it is served up at the street taco carts.

Oh yea, the tacos here are not big and can be disposed off easily in 3-4 normal bites, but at $2 each (plus tax) and with the generous meat toppings, it is a still good yummy deal.

Décor:  2/5  Very modest, but you are here first and foremost for the food, right?
Food:  4/5  Overall, very pleased with the tacos here.  If it is closer to me, I will likely be here at least 1-2/week, alas that is a lot of traffic lights to drive through at 35mph.
Service:  5/5  For a low cost and unpretentious restaurant, the service was friendly and fast.
Cleanliness:  5/5  There is something to be said about how the staff here keeps the busy front of the restaurant area spotlessly clean.  Very nice!
Parking:  3/5  May not find the closest parking spaces but there are many in this strip mall.
Location:  3/5  Located in probably not the best part of town, but it is in a location that is surrounded by the bulk of their targeted demographic and on a heavily traversed street no less.  Perhaps a bit out of the way for those living on the West side of the 15, but the drive wasn't too bad later in the evening once the traffic dies down.

4 Stars!