First off, let me say this place has potential up-the-wazoo! The only reason I give this place 4 stars is because I know they can and probably will improve their systems slightly. But hey, first time visit and I'm fu#&in impressed. 

Right when I walked in the line attendant asked me if this was my first time visiting, and started giving me samples of the meat. Whatt?? Even Chipotle doesn't do that. The different meats here are delicious ranging from mild, and increasing the heat to spicy. I think for the most part they shred the chicken, pork and steak, and keep it in their marinades, so beware, at least what I tried, the meat was wet, which was totally fine. 

They then ask you what you want. In terms of tacos, you get two sizes, small(street taco) and large, and from looking outward both appear small. Don't let this worry you. I got 3 tacos and they load it up Chipotle style with whatever condiments you want. Both options are corn tortillas which they double up and heat on the grill. 

Like I said earlier, the meat is wet so once they make the taco, the disintegration factor starts taking effect. They then push down the line and you get about 6 or 8 additional topping options all no extra charge, except for guac (like always :( ). 

Then that's it, you pay and you go to the next room where you have the soda fountain, salsa bar, and surprisingly comfortable booths, with music and tvs playing, very spacious. 

The salsa bar is great, however I've had better salsa. The hottest one has that slightly bland Chipotle flavor, but the green sauce is extraordinary. 

Once you sit down make sure to attack those tacos as quickly as possible, because no one likes it when all the insides fall out. 

Oh and by the way, when they say spicy, they really mean it. My nose was running, cheeks were red, and my mouth on fire, but totally worth it. 

The only thing I can think to improve this place is how to more quickly get the samples out, and to speed up the line. While I was waiting I was actually wondering what this place is like during lunch. There was only one couple on front of me, yet it took five minutes to get through the samples, then another 5 to get to the end to pay. 

If they can fix that, this place can go from being like "GRAVITY" to being like "INTERSTELLAR"; and a 5 star in my book.