I really liked this place. Before my visit, I was planning for this to be a replacement of the neighborhood Roberto's, but this place is definitely a step up. 

This is what we had;
Chips and Salsa: I wasn't expecting them to serve complimentary chips and salsa, but they did. I think this is a very nice touch, which really distinguishes this place from Roberto's. The chips were made in house, and the salsa got spicy after you stopped eating. Make sure to have your drink topped off before you dive in.

Combination (with beans and cheese) shredded beef chimichanga covered in hot sauce and cheese ($11): I like shredded beef over carne asada on my chimichangas because the beef is typically more tender which makes the burrito easier to eat. I loved how soft and melt-in-your mouth the beef in this burrito was. It also had beans in there, which I wasn't expecting but wasn't complaining about. The ONLY issues I had were that the size was pretty small, and the fried tortilla covering wasn't as crispy as other I've had. 
*The beans and rice were really awesome. The rice was light and fluffy, and the beans had really good flavor, but could have used a little topping of cheese.

Carne Asada Quesadilla ($6): Larger than we expected, and there was no issue finding carne asada- it was STUFFED with meat. Jason said it was good.

Carne Asada Tacos ($1.29 each): Jason was also impressed with these. He was expecting the tacos to come topped with the onion and cilantro it was pictured in the menu with, but it came out plain. The server was happy to bring out the toppings he requested though. 

I hate that I've been comparing this to Roberto's during the entire review, but it's the quality of food & service I was expecting. This was obviously not the case for several reasons:
1. Service was good, and everyone spoke English. The last 2 times we went to R's Jason got a regular burrito (with guacamole, which he hates) instead of the breakfast burrito he ordered. Needless to say, I thought my chimichanga days were numbered.
2. This is a place you'd actually want to sit down and eat.
3. Servers were around to top off drinks, and get you everything you need to enjoy your meal.
4. Chips are served when you dine in.
5. Quality of food was definitely a step up. 

TRY IT!