Oh Dos Gringos, how doth one review ye?

What is Dos Gringos? Honestly I never thought about it until I started this review. I would say first and foremost this is a place to drink, although they don't have any draught beers on tap. But they do have a decent selection of bottled beers. They do have one tap behind the bar but it only spits out margarita mix. And of course, they'll mix you a drink, too.

The layout of the place is a little different but it works well. As soon as you enter there is a center bar, a la Cheers. There are couple of SD TV's over the bartenders. The bar is surrounded by various tables. This area is sort of outside, so one can smoke if they like. The area just behind the bar holds more tables, HD TV's, a corn hole court, and of course the mandatory Golden Tee and Buck Hunter. Beyond this area is an inside dining area (no smoking allowed!) and another bar. 

Don't let this place fool you. The food is really good. Come in during the day and you'll see families who bring in friends from out of town. I often see large parties there around dinner time. I haven't had everything on the menu but I've never been disappointed. You can't go wrong with anything chicken; it is well marinated! And I've heard that they have a Sunday all-you-can-eat brunch.

Now for the real review. This place gets packed Thursday night through Sunday night. But the atmosphere is always chill. The makeup is not as diverse as Iguana Macks next door, but there is very little attitude in the place. I always meet someone every time I go. The party is hopping right up until closing time. 

All of the Dos Gringos have their own atmosphere and their own crowd that they attract. The Greenfield one is more family oriented and an older crowd. The Kyrene is just really sad and pathetic. Tempe is very much a college bar. And Scottsdale is, well, it's Scottsdale. The Chandler site really can't be pigeon holed. It's 20 and 30 somethings out for a drink in a cool atmosphere. And the best part of Dos Gringos Chandler? It's right next to Iguana Macks!