I've lived within walking distance of this place for over a year and I refused to go in because I didn't like the exterior color of the building (it's a truly horrible teal blue pastel).

Turns out, I didn't know what I was missing. Last week, my husband and I decided to give it a try. We went back again today.

Last week, we ordered some asada tacos (pretty good, though not as good as La Rosita's asada tacos, which is down the street). We also ordered chicken fajitas. They were decent as well. Turns out, we should have ordered the seafood.

One thing we did notice was the the service was slow. Not because they were super busy or overwhelmed or anything. It's just slow. And as long as you go in there expecting to enjoy a leisurely meal where time means nothing, this place will exceed your expectations.

Today my husband and I took a friend to dinner at Las Islas Del Mar for our second visit. I ordered the deep fried shrimp tacos. They were fantastic. My husband ordered some soft tacos (shrimp and fish), and he says they were excellent.

Neither of us could handle the spicy sauces. Too spicy. That is because we are wimps.

Our friend ordered a noodle dish that seemed heavily infused with various types of shellfish. He said it was really good. Our friend also enjoyed the spicy sauces. That is because our friend is not a wimp.

The beer selection is certainly not suitable for hipsters or local brew aficionados, but if you're looking for a summery Mexican beer selection, you'll have a fine time ordering beer.

The side dishes (rice, beans & salad) are your standard, run-of-the-mill side dishes, and are nothing special. Fillers, I guess, in case you're still hungry. But that's all salad, rice and beans are good for, anyway. The seafood main courses were outstanding.

I'm not sure why some of the other reviewers have gotten bunched up about the employees speaking Spanish and the menus having Spanish text on them (the english translation for each menu item is on the menu, too). So if you really can't handle the Spanish, just point at what you want on the menu. They'll get it right, I promise.