Only open for 8 days as of this writing, this is based on my first and only experience at Irma's Kitchen and it consisted solely of a generous sized breakfast burrito and a thoroughly pleasant hole in the wall dining experience. Don't take that negatively, Irma's is the kind of tiny, family run place that give's "hole in the wall"  a good name.   
  
A friendly greeting from Irma welcomed me to the tiny establishment, home of numerous previous eateries in same space near intersection of 15th Avenue, Grand and Roosevelt. The name is "Irma's Kitchen" although one of the exterior signs also says "Irma's Mexican and American Food".  The writing, as in the menu, is literally on the wall at Irma's.  The American part consisting of French toast and pancakes at breakfast, hamburgers, ham & cheese sandwiches, and I'm sure another item or two I missed but shouldn't have, considering the entire menu is painted quite neatly on the walls before me.

The curtained  windows and touch or two of simple wall decor give a personal touch and warmth to the dining area furnished with simple tables and chairs.  As to the food  I can only say my single ham & cheese & potato breakfast burrito, was truly best in class of similar tried at a good number of establishments, not dry, truly tasty, of generous size and quite filling, but not the overwhelming full-grown dachshund size burrito served at some establishments (which are fine, but just a bit too much and too heavy for my appetite and tastes most of the time).  If everything on the menu is as good, you can count this place as "a find".  And affordable?  As of this date, March 14, 2015, this cost a paltry $3.99+ tax. 

I look forward to going back and trying more of the writing on the wall, and at the prices listed, feel I can afford to. Next time you're on Grand for First Friday or having a sip at the Bikini Lounge and hunger strikes, try Irma's.They're open until 10 p.m., and I think you will find it an unpretentious, super-affordable and satisfying addition to the hood.