I have been waiting Soooo long to write this review. First thing I have to say I I can't wait to go back. The architecture of this building is AMAZING. Please see my pics I took, you walk in through two sets of massive Spanish mission doors. There is beautiful mosaic tile every where, the immigration brick skillfully hides the structural support in the central "Garden" . I saw at least one fountain in the garden room and a tone of foliage! You apskot feel like your outside with the 9 giant skylights above. Also, people in the restaurant industry usually judge places by their bathrooms ( if you spend the money for a nice restroom, your probably looking a pretty solid operation everywhere else) these restrooms were equally as nice as the dining area however , why they didn't put dark wood water closet dividers that match the rest of the space , I do not know. 

Now to the food! Great segue right? The food was excellent. I have been when waiting for a "real" Mexican food to open up on this side of town forever.  Beans and rice are always the first thing I try, these were great and everything was very hot and fresh. Their salsa is very similar to frank and fina's with healthy amount of onions and sweetness.  I had an order of Guac which was good but extremely over priced (13.95 for what couldn't have been more than 3.5 ounces) . If anyone from Panchos reads this listen now: Agave went out of business in 3 months, less than 1/2 mile away for trying to do the  same thing. Yes, your in Summerlin, yes red rock CC is near by, but the majority of your business will be retirees and families that live within 3 miles. Don't price yourself out of the market and give someone that beautiful building for pennies on the dollar. 

Back the the food, I had a combination, beef taco and chili relleno. The taco was a less greasy version of Roberto's. Which is great! The real winner here was the Relleno. Easily the best relleno within 100 miles and the price for the entree plate was 14.95, totally within reason for that plate. Go have one. 

Finally, Antonio was in training with Fernando and they were both excellent servers with warm smiles. I will be back frequently.