WOW! We absolutely love this place! I've had a gift card for this place for 2 years now and hadn't used it. We pulled up in the lot (behind a gas station and next to a Vet office) and it looked empty, so we turned out noses up and left and went to Serrano's instead up the street. BIG FRIGGIN' MISTAKE as we found out 2 years later. 

The food in this place is outrageously good and authentic. My wife is Hispanic from New Mexico and she was speechless about the food. 

What caught my eye first was the picture of the Mexican Shrimp Cocktail on the back menu cover - no doubt to order that baby up and it didn't disappoint whatsoever - just the right amount of heat and flavor. Superb. Now I've ordered this twice. Both times the flavor was consistent. The first time it lacked a bit on the shrimp volume from what I would expect but the 2nd time it was full of them. 

We also ordered the appetizer platter. We usually liek to order this as it sampel many of the featured appetizers. Many times, in Mex Restaurants, this comes out/tasting rather generic looking. This plate was the real McCoy. Everything was authentic and home-made; nothing boxed here. The most unusual aspect were the potato skins. Fresh potatoes hollowed out and filled with...ready...one with home-made red chili beef and the other with green chili pork. My eyes nearly popped out and the taste buds validated it. 

Whenever I go to a new joint, I always ask what the best thing on the menu is and on this occasion I was told, "Well, the best thing actually isn't on the menu. It's a special order chipotle cream shrimp dish." I felt like I snuck into a foodie speak-easy...sign me up for that one! Big fat plump prawns in a zesty cream sauce - this is now on the monthly rotation; hands down. No rice, sub-veggie, along with re-fried cheesy beans completed the plate. Veggies were a surprise of fajita veg mixed with peas and mushrooms - awesome!

My wife raved about the home made sopapillas too and can't wait to bring her mother to this place. 

Here's the knock and most likely why this place isn't burning busy with customers - the service is bad - consistently bad. You're either waiting un-godly amounts of time, or being inundated with courses. The first time we went was on a Tuesday I believe. Place was a bit busy but certainly not off the rails - but the staff was. They were truly in "the weeds." Took forever to order and forever + eternity to get a bar drink. I wised up the next time and ordered 2 beers instead of one ($2 Negro Modelos - yes that isn't a typo). Issue here was it was a school night and our 9 year old was with us and teh Sloooooooooooowww service was know making a time pinch as there's school tomorrow. It was painful HOWEVER the owner Mario is so charmingly nice, and with the food being so good, it warranted a repeat attendance. 

The 2nd time was the opposite. The waitress took our order and I specifically said I wanted the Mex Shrimp cocktail first, then we would like the app platter before the meal. You guessed it - EVERYTHING on the table within 5 minutes of each other. 3 dinner plates and 2 appetizers along with chips and salsa. Inundated table. 

Hopefully Mario can address the service issues. If he does, this restaurant would definitly run off the charts. My other suggestion would be to add Sunday Mariachis. We'd be there every week if they did.