I have eaten here many times, both take-out and in.  It is next door to a delightful, full-bore Mexican grocer and butcher (also named Guanajuato).  My meal tonight was excellent - - a chile relleno / pastor tostada / lengua taco combo with rice and beans that is what you WANT in Mexican food:  flavorful (aromatic corn tortillas, richness in the sauces, simmering flavors, great balance all around) for $9.75.   Seriously - - even the most popular Mexican places in Madison do not approach the sumptiousness and complete spectrum of flavors presented here.  The kitchen is laudable.  They use flavorful accents, they reach beyond looks-good monotony (all TOO common at Mex and Tex-Mex places), they produce savory meals.

That said,  the feng-shui is horrendous.   The noise (a mix of blaring TV's, background radio, and a cooling unit for the salsa bar that chirps loudly like a crazed bird) , and the spartan tables that contrast with the nice window curtains and the Virgin of Guadalupe painting that contrast with the stacks of child seats that contrast with the blaring parking lot southern-exposure brightness that contrasts with the uniform interior darkness - - it is a bit of a strange place to sit and have a meal.

But the meals are delicious.   The salsa bar is another contrast in wonder.   The many salsas are all interesting, and, when combined, make for particularly unique tasty/spicy dips (particularly if you allow the liquid to drain from the more veggi-fied salsas).  Still, some of the salsas LOOK overly soupy, or creamy - - another jarring contrast between appearances and flavor, that might not be totally feng-shui, gastronomically speaking.

But for flavor, Taqueria Guanajuato is rock solid quality,  strong ingredients,  super competent kitchen, myriad flavors, and wonderful combos (putting many local places to shame).   The main downside is that curiousities in the ambiance, and other little details, sometimes changes perceptions for people, and makes them appreciate the food less.  I keep going back, though typically after a couple Belgian beers at the Monroe Street Bistro, a ways up the street.