There's a cute little tequila bar on Neil st and inside this bar you can find a handful of trendy students having a good time over great drinks. The bar tenders are cute and friendly with their own edgy styles. The wait staff, young and professional with good knowledge of menu items. 

I decided to give this place a try after reading reviews on it. It was a grey cloudy day and it had just finished raining, as cute as it looked, outside seating was out of the question. But just to let you know, it is available. 

It is a seat yourself place, So I plopped at the bar, quickly greeted and met with a drink menu. By the by, all cocktails are only $6 on hump day..  

I love me some margaritas. The spicy pineapple margarita was my choice tonight and I had that to enjoy while looking over the menu. Finally decided to have the steak torta, carnitas taco, chips and ranchero guacamole. 

There was no stagnant wait time to place my order as the bartender was very attentive despite the semi crowded bar. It was about give minutes later, boom, my chips come out. The chips are a crunchy kind of good. There are three kinds of guacamole in which I ordered the chunky spicy kind. It was a perfect accompaniment with my drink and anticipation for my meal. 

Before I can get halfway down my drink and just as I got over the chips, tada... Here comes my food. The timing couldn't be any more spot on. 

The steak torta was very tasty. It was seasoned and moist with the toasted bread just crisp. The sandwich was pretty darn good. On the plate were also potato wedges that came with aioli dip. Without the dip, the wedges were.. meh. It's all about that dip. 

Done with my first drink, I gave the bar tender a nod and boom another one came. Completed my steak, on to my taco. The carnitas or pork, was a bit dry and it was just ok. Following the steak, it wasn't great. Finished it anyway, dipped it in the guac and poured salsa on it. That did the trick. 

Munched on the chips some more as I wrote this review. 

The environment is clean, friendly and inviting. The wait staff is awesome. The food is great. And the prices are reasonable. The music is trendy and relatively current. 
I would come back here again for sure. 

The restroom , sit or squat.   I give it a sit!