Took the family to lunch here. It's located inside Tuscany hotel.

So I ordered Shrimp cocktail.  Oh, eM, Gee!!! They packed a lot of shrimp into that margarita bowl/cup thingy. Big, fat, juicy shrimp swimming in a bowl of the best tasting cocktail sauce ever- chunky onions, tomatoes and the creamiest avocados EVER. I usually add lime and hot sauce to any shrimp cocktail that I've ordered but not this one. Just one taste and I was hooked. I forgot about the lime and hot sauce until I slurped the last bit of the great stuff. There were also about three ginormous shrimp hanging from the rim of the bowl. Nope those didn't escape my voracious appetite either. 

My sister had the Pozole. It was so good. There was more than enough meat, so much that she was kind of complaining there was not enough of the hominy. 

Next on the list is the Menudo which my sister in law ordered.  This may have been one of the best I've had in a long time. Right up there with my friend's mom's homemade menudo and that is saying a lot. The tripe was well cooked, tender but not mushy and there was no questionable smell to it. 

I ordered the Taquitos rancheros for my mom and she enjoyed them too. Crispy rolled beef taquitos that came in a platter with guacamole, sour cream and salsa with shredded lettuce and sprinkling of cheese. 

The Carne asada burrito was what my brother ordered. It had a good flavor. Personally I usually don't order carne asada unless I'm at KT, but that's just me. 

My son wanted the Seafood burrito, it was ok. They used a lot of imitation crab meat, I was expecting some shrimp in there but I didn't see any. This was the least of our favorites. 

Did I forget to mention that it's free refills on the chips and dips and drinks?  The bean dip was such a hit. I told my brother to go easy on them to which he shrugged off. He had to pay the following morning with his uric acid. 

The girls working there were pretty nice and kept the chips, dips and drinks flowing. 

Restrooms are out on the casino floor. 

We're definitely coming back when we're this way next time.