For a a year now, my Salvadorian friend has been teasing me about going out for pupusas.  The day finally came.  We were at a convention not too far from Las Pupusas, and he said today was the day.  Naturally I was pretty excited.  This day was a year in the making.  My buddy told me that the pupusas here are good and pretty much the same stuff he grew up on.

We got in around 2pm.  First thing I noticed was that the restaurant was pretty big.  Lots of seating.  Dove into the menu and I started asking questions.  His go to is the standard cheese pupusa.  But I felt adventurous so I got a loroco (herbs and cheese) and a revuleto (beans, chichorron, and cheese).  And got an order of pork pasteles (deep fried dumpling with shredded pork filling).  I found out very quickly that the Salvadorian version of chichorron is not the same as the mexican way.  The Salvadorian version is actually pork meat, not the pork skins.  The service was good, the waitresses spoke Spanish and perfect English.  I had no problems ordering my food.  

So, the pupusas come with curtido (pickled cabbage) and salsa roja (tomato sauce condiment).  I piled the curtido on top of my pupusas, drowned them in salsa roja, and a heavy helping of tapatio hot sauce.  First up was the loroco.  The dough is nice and thick.  It soaks up all the salsa roja and does not disintegrate, holds up very well.  I don't know what kind of herb the loroco is, but it is a bit floral and quite tasty.  The cheese was ooey and gooey, melted to perfection.  The curtido adds a nice crunch and very complimentary to the soft and doughy pupusa.  The revuleto was mostly cheesy with shreds of pork here and there.  I could really taste the frijoles, which is a good thing as I'm not a huge fan of them.  Or maybe I just drowned them out with the curtido and salsa roja.  The chicharron added some taste and texture to the pupusa, although the pupusas aren't overstuffed, you definitely taste the meat.  Both pupusas were very tasty in their own right.  But that curtido and salsa roja really put them over the top for me.  Really liking this dish.

Time for the pasteles.  These shredded pork filled dumplings reminded me of Indian samosas. They both have a similar bite and texture to them, although the filling is quite different.  According to my buddy, these pasteles are some of the best he has ever had.  Being that this was my first time eating them, all I can say is they were delicious!  

One of the best parts of the meal was the bill.  at $2 a pupusas, you really can't go wrong.  I ordered 2 pupusas and a order of pasteles (3 large pieces), I was overstuffed, I could only eat 2 of the pasteles.  

My pro tip would be to order 2 pupusas and share an order of pasteles.  For the really big appetite, 3 pupusas and share some pasteles.  if you go for 4 pupusas, you'll be super full and need someone to roll you out in a wheel barrel.