I had read the positive reviews of Taberna, and decided I would treat my son's family, which included an 8 month old baby.  We carefully plotted  the time so she would be at her best, and off we went. We were immediately seated, water and chips were brought to our table with a green and red sauce. So far, so good.  And then we waited, and waited, and waited.  We finished all of the chips and salsa, and finally decided to check with the hostess and see if there was a waiter available.

(The delay was good - it gave us ample opportunity to explore the restaurant - and it was very impressive. Several dining areas, a seating area with couches, a bar, and a large patio for warm summer evenings.)

Several minutes later a waiter finally appeared, and apologized - apparently there was a large party of twenty or so, and they had forgotten to tell the waiter we were there.

The menu is small, but has a variety of options.  All of them looked delicious, so we all tried something different. I had the steak tacos, my son had the fish tacos, and my daughter in law had the chicken enchilada.  All were wonderful, but everyone thought the enchilada was the best. The guacamole was different - it had pumpkin seeds in it - but delicious. And the flan was equally outstanding.

We really liked the chips and plantain - and the salsas were excellent.  We did manage to eat several baskets of the chips, and all agreed that they were great.

The waiter, hostess and manager went out of their way to make everything right for the delay.  Usually I am not bothered by slow service, but with an eight month old baby, we were anxious to order so we could finish before she became restless and irritable.  So once we had a waiter, we were fine.  But they insisted that they would make it up to us - giving us free drinks, free appetizer and a free desert.  Andrew, our waiter was superb, and made the meal very enjoyable.When we go back, we will definitely ask to be seated in Andrew's section.

So after a bad start, a very enjoyable meal.