After purchasing a groupon a few months back, we decided that we would would go to dinner at Taberna one Saturday night. My husband and I went with my mother. Walking up to the space I loved the outdoor patio that no one was seated at. Yes it was over 100 degrees but the sun was starting to go down and a breeze was blowing and the misters were going. We decided to be the first ones on the patio. It was so pretty. 

Our waiter comes and takes our drink order. I ordered the fresh fruit margarita, which that days fruit was pink grapefruit, and my husband ordered iced tea. I liked the margarita. It had a good kick to it but not too much alcohol that it knocked me out. It was nice and refreshing with the grapefruit. We also received a basket of chips and salsa. There were two different kinds of salsa and the chip basket looked like there were at least four varieties of chips. I liked the plantain chips the most. Neither of the salsas were spicy which was kind of disappointing. I like spicy salsas. We ordered the guacamole as an appetizer as well and I was also disappointed with this. No spice here either. But it was tasty. I liked the pumpkin seeds with it. For dinner my husband and I both ordered the chile rellano and my mom ordered the vegetarian enchiladas. Our chiles were good. One large chili stuffed with a variety of veggies, roasted with cheese and served with a tomato sauce. I really liked the tomato sauce it was placed on. Very tasty and it had a pretty nice spice to it. I liked that it was different from most chili rellanos and it wasn't coated in eggs and deep fried. A nice change from the ordinary. The enchiladas looked like more of a stacked enchilada with cheese and a variety of veggies. I had a bite of this as well. It was also pretty good. 

The food was a little bit pricey. Without the $40 groupon we had the total came out to be a little over $60. Which seems expensive for what we got. However, I would come back again because the food was really good. It would end up being more of a special occasion place though. But definitely worth trying again..... Apparently they have closed since I went a couple weeks ago. Sad. They should have tried restructuring their menu and prices first instead of closing. Seems like they just opened too.