In reference to Andrew L's review, Matt (the terrible bar tender he spoke of) is not longer employed there!  Thank goodness!  I'm sorry Andrew that he was the one who had served you.  I promise you, all the other bar tenders are amazing.  They're all very genuinely friendly!

My boyfriend and I have been going to Wahoo's for a few months.  I love the fact that it's literally across the street from us and we can walk there and back.  The bartenders that work at nights are very sweet.  (We've only been there during the day time to order food, so we haven't met the morning shift bartenders, but I wouldn't be surprised if they were just as nice.)  They do take drink AND food orders.  They actually always offer a food menu or ask if you're hungry.  AND they check up on you to make sure the Food is up to par after the food has arrived.

Most of their food is healthy and all their foods have tons of spice.  One of my favorite dishes is the Wet Burrito. I always get that with cajun/blackened chicken and I ask for them to do half red and half green sauce on top--it makes it look pretty too ;)  Their Fish Taco is a must have.  They're healthy so they won't have the McDonald's or KFC grease taste, which I know can be delicious if you like the unhealthy flavors... I can't hate cuz I crave those too time to time!  They can seem to be a bit dry, but they have the sauces to drizzle of the tacos.  The Wahoo's Fries, which is obviously not so healthy, are a must have too.  I wish other places would make their nacho's the way Wahoo's make their fries; it's totally loaded!  You can always ask for their green cilantro sauce with any of your dishes... yummmm!  

That reminds me, one time, one of the bartenders put the green cilantro sauce along the walls of the cup and poured in the drink so every sip of bloody mary had a hint of cilantro.  It was DELICIOUS!  That's another must have if you like bloody mary and cilantro!

Anyways, you gotta go and experience Wahoo's.  I'm going to be very sad when we move away from the area :(

For those who want to see what they have to offer for food, here's a link to their menu:
http://wahoos.com/menu.php

And here's the nutritional info page:
http://wahoos.com/admin/uploads/pdfs/menu/nutritional-info.pdf