I'm no sissy, but Jalapeño Inferno Bistro's Inferno salsa had me in tears!

JIBM is located in a strip mall in the middle of no wear in Scottsdale, Arizona. Since it was such a warm, beautiful night, my fiancé and I decided to eat dinner on their outdoor patio. Since we ate outside, I'm not too sure how big the inside of this place is or what it looks like. 

Right when we were seated we were given a big bowl of complementarity chips and salsa. The great thing about JIBM's chips is that they give you both corn and flour tortilla chips. I love flour tortilla chips and since not many Mexican joints offer them, I ended up going through at least three bowls. Their salsa was really chunky and loaded with veggies, which is the way I prefer my salsa. I also got a side of their famous inferno salsa. This salsa was dark green in color and looked really watered down but to my surprise that watered down green salsa tasted like it was made in the fiery pits of hell. One bite set my mouth a blaze. Sadly, this salsa was all heat and no flavor, so I didn't touch it for the rest of the evening, which kind of bummed me out because I love hot stuff.  

Since it was happy hour when we arrived, we decided to take advantage of their half off any appetizer special and order their South of the Border Platter, which usually cost $12.99 but we got it for 6.99. This is what this appetizer consisted of:
Cheese Quesadilla
Green Corn Tamale
Mini Red and Green Chile Burritos
Chicken Mini Chimichangas 
Espinaca Con Queso and Beans (Cheese Dip)

Besides the quesadilla, which was just OK, all of these items were really tasty, especially the tamale. This tamale is made with sweet white corn masa and filled with Mexican cheeses and green chiles. It was really, really good. In fact, their green corn tamale's have won the Best of Phoenix award for best tamale's.

For dinner I ordered their signature Fundido and my fiancé got their Verde Valley Spinach Enchiladas. My fundido was made with a huge flour tortilla that was filled with delicious marinated steak, grilled onions and peppers and then deep fried and covered with an amazing jalapeño cream cheese sauce. My Fundido was wonderful, especially the jalapeño cream cheese sauce, which had an amazing flavor. 
My girl's enchiladas were stuffed with spinach and a slightly spicy cream sauce and topped with red enchilada sauce, espinaca con queso sauce and toasted almonds. Oddly, I did not try her meal but she said it was really good. Their rice and beans were good too.
Besides the disappointing inferno salsa, my only other problem with this place is that all they have to drink is Pepsi products. They do not offer any aguas frescas like horchata or jamaica, which made me sad.  

The service here was great. Our waitress, although very busy, always made sure we had everything we needed. She was also extremely friendly and even had a great sense of humor. The prices here were also really good. 

If your ever find yourself driving down Scottsdale road and happen to pass by JIBM, do yourself a favor and stop your car and grab a bite to eat. This place is definitely worth checking out if your in the area.