I know that the cool thing to do is hate on chains - pre-prepared food, jarred, not locally sourced, frozen, yadda yadda... yeah, I know.   Whatevs... I am fully aware that I am the opposite of what would be considered cool or hip.  

Knowing that I am going to spend the rest of my life alone in a house full of cats, I decided that if I wanted to enjoy the occasions that I get to eat out, I need to learn how to do it alone.  I had a coupon for free queso and a gift card with about $15 left on it, so let's get some Mexican for lunch.  Armed with my smart phone and my handy dandy Kindle Fire, I headed approximately 500 yards from my apartment for an early lunch at the bar at On the Border. 

Located at the Promenade on Providence shopping center with a prime corner lot next to Macaroni Grill (both part of the Chili's restaurant group, which is what I had the gift card for), parking was easy on this beautiful Friday at 11:30 am, but I imagine on the weekends, this place fills up quick... parking should still be ample and well lit though.  

I was greeted upon walking in and when I said I was alone and didn't need to sit in the dining room I was pointed to the bar area, where I was immediately greeted by Grant, the friendly bartender.  He got my drink order, which he quickly came back with along with a basket of chips and some of their house salsa.  I was given some time to look at the menu, order my coupon'ed queso and the brisket soft tacos with a side of black beans and rice.  

The food:
Tortilla chips - warm, not overly salty.  Held up well for dipping in both the salsa and the queso.
House salsa - slight kick, but it's more of an after-burn.  It was not overly cilantro'ed which for me was AWESOME as I hate cilantro.  Tasted fresh-ish and I thought it was quite good.
White queso - white cheese served with pico on top.  Queso was cheesy and creamy.  Grant the bartender said that the yellow queso had a bit more of a kick to it, I found the white to be quite mild and delicious.
Brisket soft tacos served with rice and black beans - Black beans were fine, not overly spicy, so that was good.  Rice was kind of... well, rice, with corn in it.  Not overwhelming and good enough.  I found the brisket soft tacos to be pretty darn good.  (tortilla, brisket, cheese, topped with crispy onion rings which were thin and crunchy).  The brisket wasn't something I would find in a BBQ restaurant, but for a mexican restaurant, I was pleasantly surprised at the flavor.  

My Diet Coke was kept full at all times and Grant packed up my remaining queso (he said it heats up well) with another container of the salsa and some more chips.  I had a great lunch, service and food, and will definitely return to On the Border.