Quick eats with generous portions on any hour at a price that's affordable which even makes you crave for more, this place fits the bill!

A place that stays open into the wee morning hours located on "The Strip" along the Riviera Resort and Wynn Resort side of the street. Security guards are a common sight, for added feeling of secureness while you eat. Sit out in the outdoor canopied patio on chairs or on the cushioned seating. It sure will satisfy your stomach's need for Mexican cuisine of tacos. At a price of two dollars, five bucks to ten bucks a meal, fill up with all the fixings that goes with the taco you order which is best but, u must ask for it (at no extra charge) are: onions, spicy pepper, guacomole sauce, cilantro, sour cream, cheese, jalapeno, grilled scallion/onion, guacomole (mashed avocado), and even pineapple chunks. The food servers will add it to your order. After receiving your order, you should go to the side dish server and add up with the salsa (green or red pepper sauce), chopped horseradish, chopped onions, slices of lime as you please for yourself.  
My Favorite meals is: Taco Al Pastor ("Al Pastor" in Spanish means, in the style of the shepherd. It is a dish of Central Mexico in an adoption of the spit-grilled meat or pork marinated over one or two days with dried chiles, and pineapple as meat tenderizer, thus cooked slowly with gas flame on a vertical rotisserie called a "trompo" which is literally, a spinning top). The vertical rotisserie of pork is an obvious sight and to see the server take cuts or slices of pork from the spit griller. 
My favorite is the Vampiro (means vampire). This succulent super taco of chile quesadilla wrapped around juicy grilled carne asada (steak) fabulously good meal sounds like an immortality. My vision of it is a steak through its heart; as in a stick through a vampire's heart. Okay, this brings a smile to heart (love) a vampire. 
Other favorites: Taco de Adobada (spicy pork), Taco de Carne Asada (steak), Taco de Suadero (beef shoulder), Tacos de Lengua (beef tongue), Adobada (red chili-garlic) Fries. But you must try the Taco de Tripa (tripe), Taco de Lengua (tongue), Tacos de Cabeza (beef head), Tacos de Sesos (beef brain), Tacos de Buche (pork stomach) which are exotic fare to munch on. For first-timers, dare it, is delicious! One bebida or drink favorite is the Horchata (a Mexican rice and cinnamon milk-like drink). Other dish on the menu are Quesadilla (a flour tortilla or a corn tortilla filled with a savory mixture containing cheese, other ingredients, and/or vegetables, then folded in half to form a half-moon shape) with meat, Sopes (soup) with meat, Tostadas (meaning "toasted" is a Mexican fried tortilla), Mulas (shredded beef on tortilla with cheese and salad), Carne Asada (steak) Fries, Campechana (seafood) Fries, Taco Azteca (or Nopal Asado, is grilled cactus).

Just have patience as you wait in line to get the servers to take your order. With a price and generous portion like it is, you are not the only one lining up for these eats. The strong scent of food that permeates the air is enough to keep you staying in line. Betcha some of the people in line are in it for more. Visiting and eating during early morning hours is quite a feast from one taco to the next. Although any time of the night or day will do. Mexican cuisine at its simple fare doesn't get any better than this! More!