Okay, so I found out about this place a little over a month ago and between my fiance and I we've already been there 10 times. 

The food is AMAZING, every bite is flavorful and fresh! It's always perfectly seasoned and just simply declious. I've tried the empenadas and gorditas (both beef), guacamole, beef fajitas and my ALL TIME  FAV the steak bowl (I could eat it every second day). Sooo basically the food has been perfection so far and I've heard great things about the flan and the nachos.

The atmosphere is good, it's upbeat and feels young & fun. I like the way it's decorated and they have lots of roomy booths and plenty of TVs to watch games.

Nowwww on to the service.
The first and second time (my fav visits) we had a wonderful waiter. I don't remember his name unfortunately but he had light brown hair and glasses and facial hair I believe. He was super enthusiastic and informative and very professional, he made our visit feel extra special. 

One of the last times I had food from there, I actually called in for take out. I called 25 mins or so in advance and they said It would take 15-20 for our two meals (steak bowl + beef fajitas). I got there and was told to go to the bar, when I got to th3 bar no one knew about my order and all looked confused. The bartender who was helping me (who has an almost shaved head looks like he hates life) finally walked on the other side of bar and I could see him talking to a waitress who CLEARLY forgot about my order. The bartender NEVER apologized, the waitress never apologized, NO ONE even acknowledged the mistake..at all! The manager came by and said just a few minutes just to shut me up..which was annoying actually. 
.....Fast forward 20 more minutes and my food comes, no discount, no sorries ANDDDD they still charged me $2 for my extra side of guac!!! Looool. As the manager gave me my food I told him at least they should have taken off extra guac, the 2 dollars does not make a difference in my life BUT to treat their future customers w more respect. He was like yess you're right..duhh!

I will definitely be back because of the food BUT good food can get old if the plave isn't run correctly over time.