Every time I go to Phoenix, I stop at this place. Like everyone else, I first learned about Chino Bandido thanks to Guy Fieri. But spoiled by wonderfully flavorful ethnic food that I was brought up with, I am hard to please. In fact, I think some of my yelp reviews might have angered the restaurant owners for not giving them the same raving reviews they expect (or wish for). But this is a place for us to be honest, and view the food scene with a critical eye.

I am Chinese, but I think so many fake Chinese restaurants have butchered the food and dump in tons of sugar, batter, and mystery oil to increase the appeal. So I was naturally skeptical when I walked in this place right before closing with my Mexican-food-loving fiance. He said the Mexican-Chinese combo could be the answer to our food love affair.

And man, this love affair is going to be long! I think Chino Bandido is really clever. It does several things really well. Their carnitas: divine. Their beans: heavenly smooth. Their jerk fried rice: I have never seen this combination but it works. Their emerald chicken: I get it every time. Their jade red chicken: the other person gets it every time. The snickerdoodle/volcano: some of the best desserts I've ever had in a restaurant-and they are free.

During my countless times there, I found there was sometimes inconsistency of quality in the chicken dishes. Sometimes the chicken was fresh, but other times it could be quite old, dried up, and left a funny after-taste in the mouth.

Regardless, I think it is a fun place with a character. With less then 10 bucks, I can happily stuff my face and then look forward to heating up the left-over for my next meal. I even asked for Chino Bandido's catering menu, hoping I can have them cater my wedding. Too bad I live in Tucson!

Frankly, I don't have too high a standard when it comes to dining out. But unfortunately, so many restaurants have failed my standard miserably. Chino Bandido is an unlikely place for my liking. It sits unassumingly in the corner, and boasts no specular interior design. It has no seasonal specials, and does not give out groupon promotions. But something there works for me and keeps bringing me back. 

It takes care of its food, really well.