This restaurant has more selections to tempt your tastebuds than any southwestern or mexican joint in Phoenix. Along with the traditional fajitas, rellenos, chimichangas, and hand rolled tamales, this unique venue offers up gumbos, gourmet chili, chilean sea bass, an oyster bar, and build your own margaritas.

Not only is the menu exciting, but the moment you walk into the place you are enchanted. High ceilings, graced with a colonnade of bronze, life size horses galloping across the ceiling, fountains, gothic lamps and oversized candles, a second story looking like a scene from Three Amigos...you feel transported to another world.

On the weekends I highly recommend venturing there after 8pm to see the performing band of mariachis. The group of girls are geared up with instruments, costumes, and beautiful singing voices, and they serenade all of the patrons.

Recommendations:

Drinks:
1. Their very popular coconut margarita, with the rim of the glass dipped in honey and smothered in roasted coconut flakes, or

2. My favorite, the Sangria Margarita. not listed on the menu, but available. 

Appetizers:

1. Tableside Guacamole 
fresh avocado, spices, pico de gallo and fresh-squeezed lime. Prepared fresh at the table and served with tortilla chips

2. Chile con Queso
my absolute favorite! An assorted blend of quesos and Hatch green chile. Served fondue style with fresh hot tostadas. 

Entree:

1.The Burrito Magnifico
It's a burrito, not that exciting, but I love it!
Large flour tortilla filled with refritos, carne adovada, machaca and cheese, topped with Hatch red and green chile. Served with refritos and arroz

2. RED CHIPOTLE CHICKEN PASTA 
Something different and delicious!
Fettuccini pasta with marinated chicken, confetti corn strips and our red chile chipotle alfredo sauce.

Dessert:

CHOCOLATE TACO 
It doesn't get any better here.
A Garduño Family Favorite! Chocolate coated crepe filled with a cream cheese and strawberry blend. Garnished with whipped cream, strawberries and toasted coconut shavings.