Since Yelp cuts off my reviews, be sure to read the full review here:

http://bit.ly/h9pmFj

[Excerpt Taken From Full Review]
The Food:
Ahh the food.  Top Shelf has some pretty authentic, delicious Mexican food.  I have ordered a number of things there - from an al a carte burrito, to the taco salad, a chimi, the plain chicken sandwich, to the mini-chimis.  Everything we've ordered has come out to specification and has been quite delicious, but since this is a Mexican food restaurant, I think it's best to start with the chips and salsa.

The chips and salsa at Top Shelf are pretty darn good.  Not too chunky, not too runny, their corn chips are fried fresh and are usually served very hot.  They also have a pretty tasty hot salsa available at no charge upon request.  The best salsa I usually have consists of mixing the mild with the hot and coming up with my own concoction, but it's all pretty good - and being free makes it that much sweeter.

For this visit, I had the shredded beef (machaca) burrito, al a carte.  This actually sounds like a fairly lonesome order.  A burrito arriving alone on a plate with only a few shreds of lettuce to keep it company...I can see how that might be misleading.

But let's get something straight:  This is not some Taco Bell burrito.  This is a real burrito.  This burrito weighs a good 2lbs and is stuffed full of spicy, delicious machaca beef.  It's hot and juicy and each bite is overflowing with flavor.  I usually jokingly refer to it as a "protein tube" because of all the beef in it.  Top Shelf usually offers to prepare the burro in a number of ways including fundido style, with sour cream, deep fried (chimi style), but I usually just get it plain.  I like it that way.

My wife ordered the "mini chimi" platter.  The MC platter can be ordered with either beef or chicken, but almost everyone I know, including my wife, usually gets the "half and half" style which combines 4 chicken and 4 beef.  

The MCs are delicious, but pretty standard.  They are deep fried, smothered with cheese, tomatoes, and green onions, and served with beans and sour cream for dipping.  Each bite is piping hot and goes well with the sauces, plain, or even with the salsa.  I'd like to mention that Top Shelf does not charge extra for the beans and sour cream to dip in.  That's important to note because another local Mexican food place (Manuel's) actually charged us $1.75 for a side of sour cream to dip our mini chimis in.  This is usually "Ok" but we were never notified that ordering this sour cream came at nearly a $2 cost.