Great Mexican food bang for the buck (or should I say peso)

My daughter and I dropped in during the Madison Art Fair on the Square.  We were headed to Chipotle, but after seeing some great Yelp reviews, we diverted off State Street to try this little hole in the wall taqueria on Gilman Street.

Unless you're a big fan of formica, the decor barely rates one star, we're talking dive with a capital D.  The place could use a real thorough cleaning as well.  Our tabletop was a sticky, but with a napkin, some water and a lot of elbow grease, our eating space became acceptable.  The flat screen on the wall featured the Mexican version of MTV which kept my 10 year old very entertained with the plot development of each video.  (Boy gets girl, boy loses girl, boy is sad) 

The laminated menu contained primarily Mexican food truck fare (tacos, gorditas, burritos, tostadas, etc.)  As a fan of the late, great Up and In podcast, I was overjoyed to see Boing! as one of the beverage options along with Jarritos and horchata.  But with ala cart prices from $2 to $3 for many of the items, it encouraged us to sample a variety of items.

The cheese quesadilla ordered by my daughter was a revelation.  Rather than your standard thin layer of shredded jack cheese pressed between a couple of tortillas, this baby featured a crispy masa pocket crammed full of melted queso fresco cheese.  She quickly wolfed it down and ordered a second one, proclaiming this version to be far superior to what she's consumed at Pasqual's or Chipotle.

I ordered a steak taco, a pork gordita and a chorizo & potato sopes.  The steak taco came in a double corn tortilla topped with finely chopped onions, queso fresco and cilantro.  Unlike the pungent onions that plagued a recent meal at La Mestiza, these onions were fresher and the smaller dice complimented the meaty goodness of this taco.  The steak was well seasoned and perfectly prepared.  The pastor gordita, which had the same masa exterior as the quesadilla was also a culinary delight.  The crispy exterior was a perfect foil to the melt in your mouth goodness of the pork filling.  The chorizo sopes was a solid offering, but it was a little greasy and did not meet my lofty expectations after enjoying the steak and pork offerings.

The basket of chips that we were served were average.  My daughter did not like having to apply the salsa from a squeeze bottle onto the chips.  The salsa was watery and a little bland compared to the other items we enjoyed.

Service was a little chaotic.  The server that took our order was not very attentive (it was a rare occurrence to get water glasses and / or the chip basket refreshed), but halfway through the meal, we were adopted by another server who did a great job.  The total bill with tip was about $20, a great value for the quantity / quality of the food received.  I definitely plan on returning to try more of the menu.