This place is right by my condo , so I decided to try it out , as I was craving some Mexican and Rita's for dinner! I was greeted promptly by hostess , but as a single diner , I had the feeling she was trying to get me to sit in the bar area , I opted for a restaurant seat , and felt a little bad , cuz they had to basically take out the other 3 settings , cuz I knew I was going to be eating good !! Lol , I was greeted promptly and courteously by my server , I started with the queso fundido with chorizo , which was oily ( expected ) but  was too salty for my taste, it did come out nice and bubbly , but couldn't take too much of the saltiness , for dinner I ordered the chile rellano , with rice and beans ( they do have  many other sides available ) the rellano was one one the best I've had in awhile very flavorful , not to spicy and oozing with cheese , not overly breaded or too heavy either !! I had a side of carnitas for 4$ ( good deal ) but basically took those home , they were pretty good and on the leaner side , I like my carnitas with a little balance of crispy fattiness , lol I'm glad I didn't get them for my entree , as I would have been disappointed . I did order a margapolitan?? Which was a nice variation of a margarita and Cosmo with both tequila and vodka !! It was served in a salted pint glass and highly recommended , I took home the chips, carnitas and the rest of the fundido ( as well as rice and beans ) to save room for dessert which was amazing , cheesecake flautas , crispy on outside with a sweet cheesecake filling drizzled with cinnamon sugar and chocolate !! Heaven !! I did eat that all up !! Drinks are a little on the pricey side and service was a bit rushed , I was in and out in about 45 mins with all 3 courses , entree came out while I was still on appetizer , but that is something I hope will be fixed as they learn their flow , I was one of only 4 tables at the time ! All in all I did enjoy my meal ! And probably will be back when the mood for sit down Mexican comes back ! Server did say that they soon will have a Sunday brunch and they do have happy hour specials ( think 3 to 6 or 7 ? ) would be a five star review , but the salty fundido and chips ( forgot to mention that ) and rushed service did take it down a bit !! Server was very friendly and attentive , just the timing was bad !!