I came here for my own personal Man versus Food challenge to see if I can best the Torta Del Rey.  
Read more to find out who won - was it Man, or was it Food?



Location & Aesthetics - Located in Phoenix on West Indian School Road.  
The area is pretty busy as the restaurant sits right on the busy road (and bus route) and is close to an intersection as well.  I wouldn't advise parking on West Indian School road.
I would suggest either parking in front of the restaurant (limited parking spots available) or at the rear.  The parking stalls in front are small and are for the handicapped so if you're driving a large truck or SUV, you'd be safer parking in the rear.
The parking in the rear isn't all that fancy (isn't paved well, has potholes, etc.) and looks rather run down but it's the only choice (-1)
If those spots become filled, I'm not sure what other choice you'll have to park.  I did manage to see folks parking along the sides of the restaurant as it looked as if there was stalls there, but again, if you're driving a large vehicle, it might be tricky maneuvering through the side to get to the rear.
The restaurant is a large open area, inside, with lots of tables and chairs and adequate space between them.  There's music which wasn't too loud and was actually 80's music playing at the time, a favorite of mine.  There's flat screen TV's along the walls with the volume muted but the programming looked as if it was Sabado Gigante playing at the time.

Menus - The usual, given upon arrival and when you're seated.  Very large, self-explanatory, and easy to understand.  

Service - The staff was nice, friendly, warm, welcoming, and bilingual.  We were initially greeted in Spanish, then after their faux pas - that we didn't speak a lick of Spanish - apologies were quickly issued.
Staff answered our questions adequately and did check up on us frequently throughout our visit - very attentive!

Food - Upon being seated, it would appear that every table is given a complimentary bowl of chips and salsa.  Chips was fresh.  Salsa wasn't too thick, and though it appeared a little on the watery side, it was well seasoned and not too spicy.
For drinks, we ordered the Aguas Frescas Naturales - iced water, sugar, and choice of fruit which came in a large glass with a miniature umbrella and looked like a large smoothie which was fresh and very tasty.  These drinks, it would appear, are made right there in a corner of the restaurant that looked like a little cabana.
As for the main meal - I came here for the Torta Del Rey - Ham, melted cheese, pork sirloin, breaded beef, omelet, sausage and Mexican sausage come with tomato, onions, avocado, chipotle sauce, smear of refried beans and potatoes ruffles on the side, and was a huge sandwich.  All ingredients came together nicely and completed each other really well, it was fresh, very hot, and very tasty.
Sadly, I have to say that food won this fight and I had to take the remainder home.

I definitely do like this place and it's got lots on the menu - things to try that will bring me back for sure!