2 words: Fry Bread. There is something about fry bread that makes me feel like a kid. Then it makes me want to break out in Dr. Seuss rhymes.  

Fry Bread, Fry Bread. You're so great.
I want you piled high on my plate.
Powdered sugar or cinnamon sweet.
You're so darn yummy, you knock me off my feet.

When I first moved to PHX I was exploring my new neighborhood and happened upon this place. I saw their sign from the main road and almost got whiplash when I saw "Fry Bread."   It's a small little shop with souvenirs and a little kitchen in the back where the magic happens.  

They have hand-written menus, which detail all of the ways you can get your fry bread, some of which include traditional Native American dishes (like a Navajo taco). They also incorporate some Mexican dishes.  I initially thought this was a Native American-run business (which I try to support as much as possible), but the ladies there speak Spanish, and an American runs the souvenir shop, so I'm not sure who owns it.  Anyway, I've never ordered anything other than the sweet fry bread, so I'm unable to comment on the food.  (I need to ask if their rice and/or beans are veg-friendly.)

So... About that fry bread.  It's always perfect.  Light and crispy, yet soft dough, with enough powdered sugar to give me a new complexion by the time I'm done. Exactly the way I like it.  With every bite I look up to the sky and thank the heavens for this good life and fry bread.  You always want to eat it while it's hot and fresh off the fryer.  No waiting until you get home or wherever you're going.  You'll only be doing yourself a disservice.   There are bench tables in the front and back of the shop, so have a seat and enjoy. 

They close up pretty early (like @ 3p or 4p, or so; I'll need to verify hours on my next visit), so if you're coming up, make this your first stop. 

I like this location because it's a straight shot up N Scottsdale Rd. Make a left onto  Cave Creek Rd, go down just a little and it'll be on your right.