Back in the day, resorts and hotels were some of the best culinary destinations around. The Fairmont Scottsdale, formerly known as the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess, was one of those shining examples of upscale greatness with its Marquesa and La Hacienda restaurants. With new owners came new ideas, and both establishments were shuttered to make way for culinary concepts, including the fantastic Bourbon Steak by Chef Michael Mina. 

Now, with the help of chef Richard Sandoval, La Hacienda is re-opening with an updated look and menu.

Sandoval grew up in Mexico City working with his restaurateur father. His upbringing helped to fuel a passion that led to multiple accolades and a reputation for innovative Latin cuisine. He opened his own restaurant in 1997 and over the years he's opened several more star-awarded restaurants.

La Hacienda has always been known for great margaritas. The traditional La Hacienda ($10) is still the tops, but one of the new comers, the El Pina Diablo ($11) uses pineapple and serrano chile infused tequila and is refreshing and subtly spicy. 

In the bar, the daily happy hour runs from 5 to 7 p.m. and features $5 margaritas and snacks ranging from guacamole to tacos.

The dinner menu has been designed to combine "the bold taste of classic Mexican cuisine with timeless European cooking techniques." Starting at the top, you can't go wrong with crunchy Chips and Guacamole ($9.50). The appetizer was fresh and delicious, thanks in part to the tableside preparation of the guacamole. Diners can request their preferred level of spiciness while severs prepare the guacamole.

The Queso Fundido ($9) is served in a searing hot cast iron skillet for good reason -- to keep that cheese molten. A winning combination of melted Oaxaca, Chihuahua and Monterrey cheeses, with chorizo or mushrooms atop, fills the soft house-made flour tortillas perfectly.

Ceviche is one of those dishes that can be disastrous or outstanding, Sandoval and Hamrick served up the latter. The Ceviche Tasting ($10) offers two selections tender rock shrimp with avocado accented with chile habanero or mahi mahi, bathed in a citrus tomato broth, and hinted with just enough chile serrano for another layer of flavor. Both were outstanding, especially when tasted with the accompanied bowl of house-made corn nuts. It's a great texture!

Ever heard of huitlacoche? Also known as corn smut, a type of fungus that grows on corn and is considered a delicacy in Mexico. Call it whatever you like, it's delicious earthen taste shouldn't be missed when eating the Tamal de Huitalcoche ($9). A tamal is the same as tamale, though in this case the masa has been infused with the complex flavors of the huitalcoche, filled with goat cheese and zucchini and drizzled with truffle oil. I felt like a Mayan king eating this.

After trying the Chipotle BBQ Chicken Salad ($12), I felt confused. With so many original dishes, why bother with a salad like this? While the ingredients were top notch and it tasted fine, the ordinariness left me scratching my head. 

Making up for this was the Quesadilla ($9), which might sound typical, but after one bite that idea was dispelled. With various fillings, these crispy-on-the-outside, dreamy-on-the-inside quesadillas made for great dipping into the red and green salsas. Fantástico!

Huachinango a la Veracruzana ($26) is a traditional Veracruz style red snapper dish. This gorgeous piece of fish gets a spin with the smoked bacon fufu. A mash of plantains had just enough sweet to balance out the acidic flavor of the tomato, olive and caper sauce.

My favorite entrée, and an instant classic, was the Costilla de Res ($27). The melt-in-your-mouth beef short rib was not only braised, but received a second flavor enhancing method in a smoker. The generous serving of meaty richness was countered by a creamy potato puree and chile habanero and guava sauces.

Desserts are surprisingly light yet still satisfyingly delicious. The Flan de Coco ($9) was perfectly luscious and silky. By contrast, the Churros ($9) had a delightful crunch with a sponge-like interior that absorbed the three different dipping sauces perfectly. La Hacienda also offers house-made ice cream ($8) that includes an avocado version that so good, you might ask for another scoop.

After dessert, coffee is spectacular. The server wheeled out a cart and became not only a mixologist but a pyrotechnician. The columns of burning cinnamon are so beautiful and leave a wonderfully smoky cinnamon smell lingering. These chocolaty rich coffee libations might be a little over the top and full of liquor, but they really shouldn't be missed.

If you have a little too much to drink at La Hacienda you are at one of Scottsdale's finest resorts. Perhaps you can book a night in one of their romantic rooms and make it a mini staycation.

The team at La Hacienda has done a great job paying close attention to the past, but they've set in motion an evolution for a bright and tasty future.