I've been stalking Taco Guild for months now. Every time I'd go to Starbucks next door, I'd creep on Taco Guild, snapping pics of the structure and the dope typography on the wall. Being sure, of course, to upload it on Instagram and hash-tag it with things like #omgtacos #imadesigner #typographynerd #wheredemtacos. So as you can imagine, when they finally opened, I was quite excited and had high hopes for the restaurant.

First of all, there was a lot of meticulous thought put into this entire concept. Being a designer/art director, I know what it takes to maintain a level of consistency throughout a restaurant. This place was just excellent in terms of execution and aesthetic. The actual building itself was gorgeous, and I'm a huge sucker for stained glass windows. Everything from the logo, to the murals, to the design of the menu - color me impressed. Which is the color of chartreuse, I heard. Anyway, we all know why I really went - to stuff my chipmunk cheeks with savory tacos. You can have awesome design, but the food is key (duh). I started off with the chips and salsa - pretty standard, good salsa. Whatevs. I was particularly hungry, so I ordered 3 tacos and 2 sides. I had the peking duck, molida lamb, and guild chicken with a side of red beans and grilled corn. The tacos were very delicious, I loved the unique toppings and flavors to all 3. My favorite however was definitely the lamb. The sides didn't disappoint either, both were packed with flavor and by the time I had consumed everything, I was quite plump and happy. There was no way I could eat any more food and...oh what's that? You have a prickly pear sorbet? Sure I'll take that as well. This turned out to be an excellent idea, as it was the perfect amount of sweetness to satisfy my sweet tooth. 

So why the 4 stars instead of 5, Lindi K.? Cause I felt like it yo! Just kidding. It's because I felt the food was a wee bit overpriced (but not surprised by this) and because the tacos weren't as good as Taqueria Los Yaquis, which is literally $1 for a taco. Although, Taco Guild does have a bar...bonus. No matter though, the entire concept was impressive and I had a lovely time there. I think this place will do very well.