I've been coming to Don Pedro's for years now, and at this point would probably need a 12 step program to stop. 
In fairness, I tend to find one thing on a menu that I love and stick with it forever. I have been sticking with chicken fajitas, arroz con pollo, and bites of my husband's chicken burrito when he's not looking. All of them are great! It's sort of hit or miss as far as how much of any one ingredient you're going to get in the fajitas, but I've never felt like I was robbed of something.
I am also incapable of coming in here without ordering a big bowl of liquid cheese. Although I order "queso", and every time the servers, all of whom speak Spanish as a first language, confirm by asking "cheese dip?", probably because they don't want to assume cultural responsibility for what is essentially a bowl of melted white american cheese with diced jalapenos. They should take ownership, because it's so good that I really only use the endless baskets of delicious chips to consume it because eating the cheese with a spoon or a straw would be rude.
The complimentary pico is almost always fantastic- surprisingly fresh. The complimentary salsas are not my favorite. They taste almost ketchup-y. 
The staff is great. They're so nice and friendly- I adore Vanessa, who has an uncanny memory, and who has a closer relationship with my kids than my own sister does. Vanessa is always polite, friendly, efficient, and does her job well. With other servers I get exceptional service probably 90% of the time, with the other 10% being described as "really good service". 
Prices are great, although I should note I only go for lunch. I think lunch fajitas are $7, and the portion size is good. I always have leftovers (this could be partially because I eat my own weight in chips and cheese dip before lunch arrives). 
The ambiance is what you would expect. It's a big space, and clean, but with that vague hint that maybe all of the patterns and colors are hiding uncomfortable amounts of dirty. Whatever, I can't confirm it, and I've never seen anything to suggest it, so it clearly doesn't bother me too much. 
Overall, clearly I love this place or I wouldn't keep coming back.