I was hesitant to eat here after all the mixed reviews, but I was SO pleasantly surprised. Maybe they just needed some time to get their act together, so if you visited when they first opened, it might be worth another shot.

First off, the chips and salsa are free (yes!) and the salsa verde is delicious! I am not a salsa fan but I couldn't stop eating (drinking) it! We also got some guacamole and it was pretty good, although I wish it had more garlic (then again, I can do more garlic on literally anything). Both my friend and I got tacos--I got carne asada and she got pescado--and they were pretty perfect. They were big so they were a little messy to eat (probably not first date material...awk), but the flavors were awesome. Also, I asked for my meat to be cooked on the rarer side, and they managed to get some red in those little fajita strips. I like that they listened to me!

It is excrutiatingly difficult to choose a drink here because literally all of the options sound incredible. I chose two--the Walnut Street margarita (walnut/maple) and the Winterberry margarita (cranberry/honey/apple). They were interesting, in a good way. Our server dissuaded me from ordering the Honey BBQ margarita, which by his description, was like drinking a bag of BBQ Ruffles. While that sounds kind of disgustingly amazing, I had a bloody mary earlier in the week and decided my savory-drink quota had been filled. I definitely need to go back and try this BBQ concoction though. I'm intrigued.

In case you didn't read any other reviews, THEY HAVE A MILLION TEQUILAS! I'm not a tequila girl but the bottles looked awfully pretty lined up behind the bar!

After we ate, we hung out at the bar with a friend and it was a really chill environment. Everyone was friendly and they had some pretty good drink specials. It's cool to see a good drinking spot in Garfield (Salt being pretty expensive if you wanna do some serious drinking, your only other real option is Penn-Aiken Dairy...). In general, I really like the atmosphere here. It's pretty comparable to Salt's--trendy, upscale, yet comfortable. Not stuffy. The only thing I didn't like was the soundtrack...it was like somebody set it to Pandora's "Cliche Indie Songs" playlist. MGMT, Edward Sharpe, the um, Postal Service...? It reads as trying a little too hard. Mix it up and don't be scared to get a little eclectic, y'all!