Yelp Alert!   Near the office, this is my favorite place to go for fish tacos (see pics above) -- their salsa is fresh and flavorful, too.   Newly upholstered booths reflect their focus on seafood -- which despite the "couldn't-be-farther-from-the-ocean-location" is really really good!  

If I'm feeling under the weather, they have great soups -- nothing like albondigas loaded with fresh jalapenos, cilantro and lime to help chase the cold away... one day in particular, my server fixed me her version of "get well" drink (sparkling salt water -- with lots of lime -- it's an acquired taste, but it definitely helped... not to mention it was incredibly kind.)

At lunchtime, there's really only one server and she's attentive and caring -- and very proud of the food they serve which is great.  She usually tries to seat us in the bigger room, but I really like the smaller table with the glassed in (?) bar in the center closest to the kitchen.

Update:  Today, I grabbed a menu so I could give you all a little more information on prices and their menu options - so, here goes -- Fish Tacos are $3 each -- Their small shrimp "coctail" is 6.95 -- large is 9.99 -- they also have ceviche, crab, octopus, mixed (pick any 2 seafoods), oysters, abalone and clams. I love that they have a Vuelve a la Vida -- only large  - which means Return to Life ...hmmm....

Their 7 Mares is $13.95 -- and the bowls are enormous.

Seafood Tostadas -- see above for choices -- start at @ 2.50 and go up to 9.99 for a super mixed version -- 

They have a page of Dinner plates served with rice, beans, salad and tortillas (showcasing all their seafood options, 5 shrimp dinners, plus a Huachinango  -- a whole fried red snapper, which I adore).  

There's another page of Especialidades Mexicanas -- with breakfast signatures like Huevos Rancheros and Nopales con Huevo, tamales -- both meat and sweet versions, chimichangas and quesadillas.  Another page of Antojitos with Picaditas, sopes, queso fundido (simple, chorizo and con hongos available!)  

Then they have a random page with Americanized sandwiches and salads using their mise en place  -- tuna salad, tuna melt -- with two sizes of menudo hidden here  -- which totally cracks me up (!)  

Then yet another page of Especialidades Mexicanas -- featuring huraches, gorditas, empanads, panbasos (meat choices include pollo, chicharron, deshebrada, picadillo, costilla, carne asada), enchiladas (rojas, verdes, camaron, mole, too) and caldos (pollo, albondigas, res, pozole -- note move menudo here!) 

And finally, the last page of their menu features their beverages -- from freshly squeezed juices (carrot with celery or orange or beet juice), agua frescas (limon, naranja, mango, papaya, pina, horchata, guanabana, jamaica and melon) -- milk shakes (yes, they have a soursop milkshake!) to beers ($3 for domestic, $3.50 for mexican, $4.50 for a "cerveza preparada" - a red beer, I think) -- and then last but not least, a tiny mention of their singular dessert -- flan...

I forgot to mention they include their catering options -- or large party portions for big groups -- and their Lobster Dinner which I'm intrigued by -- prepared with butter, LA Palapa (called their house specialty), with garlic butter or diabla...hmmmm.....

Aside from the fact that the menu is chock full of really tasty, all homemade options -- with photographs that look like I took them (and that's not saying much) -- don't miss this very humble, yet completely genuine Mexican slip past you -- I can't imagine anyone being disappointed.