Let me begin by stating that the food here was amazing.  I ordered a beef burrito, which was packed with flavor.  It had some sort of tomato based sauce which was just amazing.  

My wife had some sort of carne asada tacos and we both shared a magarita.

The salsa was fresh tasting, tangy and light - just wonderful.

I'm not a drinker, but that margarita was delicious as well!

I *really* wanted to give them five stars, because their food was delicious, but two things kept me from doing that:

1) The first little bowl of salsa is free, but the second they charge you $.95 for.  I have never had to pay for additional salsa and believe that it's a horrible idea to charge for any sort of condiment....ever.  Chips and salsa are a staple of Mexican restaurants - don't be greedy and try to make more money off the back end.  I happen to like salsa on my burrito and my wife put salsa on her tacos as well.  Horrible, horrible idea to charge for additional salsa.  I understand it's fresh, it's great and all that, but suck up the cost - an $11 burrito has enough of a profit margin to give the condiments for free.  

I speak from the perspective of both a foodie and a commercial food photographer - I eat at and work in a LOT of restaurants and can say with complete authority that it's sort of thing makes people walk out and never return.  Charging for salsa would not fly in Vegas.

2) We were served quickly, however one table next to us waited so long for service that they walked out.  Another table next to us had a messed up order (the waitress forgot to put in an order for guacamole).  While this did not happen to us personally, it's an indication that there could be a service problem.

3) The manager glared at us angrily when we walked in.  Don't stare at your customers, but if you do, freaking smile.

Normally the downsides would have me leaving a 3 start review, but the food truly was incredible.  We live in Las Vegas and we often complain that we can never find GREAT Mexican food.  I don't care about authenticity, I just want excellent taste and this place really delivered on taste and we are sure to be talking about Diego's until the next time we find ourselves in Wisconsin!