Wife was craving spicy food last night...Leticia's is right down the street and look, a $15 for $25 Yelp deal too! This was our third visit to Leticia's and I have to say, I'm a fan!

They've been fairly busy each time we visited but they get you seated quickly. One reason behind my 4 stars is their waiting area. It's extremely small and with the cold weather right now, no one wants to be outside. Last night was a busy night and you could barely get in the door to put your name down. They also don't take reservations so with large groups waiting for a table, it was hard to even find a place to stand out of the way from employees and guests coming/going.

As far as the food goes, I haven't had a bad experience here. As soon as you sit down you're greeted with warm chips and 3 dips, one of which is a bean dip which my wife absolutely loves. They also serve a guacamole style dip and a spicier red salsa. Each one is good, the salsa has a good spice to it and they each have a great fresh homemade taste.  

Being a cheese fanatic, on our first visit, I had the QuesaTacos and they are spectacular. Last night I had the tamales and even those surprised me since most "restaurant tamales" just aren't that good. I love that they will let you choose two styles in several dishes like the tacos and tamales I've had. I decided on 1 green sauce chicken and 1 red sauce beef tamale. My wife went with shredded chicken enchiladas. The food came out extremely fast and was even brought to us by the Executive Chef of the restaurant. They plate the dishes with generous portions of rice and beans . My tamales were delicious, the masa was moist and fluffy, both meats were juicy and even by themselves had great flavor. The only thing I did not like about the tamales were the onions. I'm usually a fan of onions but they basically threw on some slices of raw onion that just didn't quite work with the tamales. All in all, a great meal and my wife loved the enchiladas as well!

With the $15 for $25 deal, our bill came out to $5.49 (without tip) which included two dinners, one soda and one beer. Beer being another reason for my 4 star review. As another Yelper noted, they serve their beer in frosted mugs which for us beer guys is a little disappointing. Other than that though, Leticia's serves great food at decent prices and we'll definitely be coming back!