Just about as good as the rest.

Whenever we used to drive to Cali for vacation, we almost always stopped at Wahoo's for some fish tacos!  Was just part of the trip.  Now...wow, we have multiple locations here in Las Vegas!  Who knew fish could swim to the desert?

All the same food available at other Wahoo's can be had here.  They are turning into quite the chain!  Please guys don't get too much bigger because I would like the quality and down-home feel to stay the same.  Don't overdo corporate!

Biggest difference here?  The ambiance.  In Cali I'm used to seeing surfers, skaters, and bums all partaking in the ritual that is a fish taco.  Now here in Vegas?  Businessmen, casino workers, and soccer moms!  What is going on?  Where is the sand?  Well we do have sand.  Where is the sun?  Well we do have sun.  Where is the smell of salt water and sun tan lotion?  It truly makes a difference.  My fish taco experience always follows with the smell of the beach and an ice cold Corona.  I do it like Vin Diesel & Paul Walker do!  It just feels off here in Las Vegas!

Luckily the food is still A-OK.  Lots of healthy and nutritious eats with decent prices.  Although I did notice the prices at this location seem a tad higher than some of it's Cali counterparts.  No matter, at least now I don't have to drive to another state for my fish taco fix!

I usually go to Wahoo's and order the same thing every time.  The combo with a fish burrito, fish taco, rice & black beans.  I love that teriyaki sauce they have so I always get a side of it for my burrito and my rice.  Asian I guess, can't get away from the soy sauce!  I love the crunch the cabbage provides on the fish taco, and I have a hard time replicating it at home.  Must be the fish I'm guessing, my damn cheap @$$ tilapia fillets aren't cutting it.  I enjoy the simple dressing on the burrito:  fish, pico de gallo, and their 'white sauce' (which I'm hoping is a sour cream concoction).  I kick that sucker up with teriyaki sauce and Tapatio....muy delicioso!  The side of rice & black beans fill my belly up to full.  Not a bad combo for around $8.  

I've had their chicken and beef before on the tacos and burritos (and it's alright), but I constantly come back to the beloved fish taco.  Seems to be my favorite staple at Wahoo's.  Yeah...hello...Wahoo's FISH TACO!  So the damn fish better be good.

This Wahoo's has a nice large bar area attached to the restaurant, and I can see that it is bustling most nights.  Probably have some happy hour specials I need to inquire about.  But the place is mainly a grab-and-go or stay for a quick meal type of place.  There's noise everywhere, so don't come here for no intimate date!

As long as the crowds come and the food stay consistent, this Wahoo's should be just fine.  But guys, stop creeping up on the prices, eh?  That's like a great white shark ruining your wave.  Or Tara Reid, surviving the onslaught that is 'Sharknado'.