I've been dying to actually eat at this place since it opened, so I was pretty excited to finally come for dinner yesterday to celebrate some good food, good friends and another Mini of graduate school come to an end. I was not disappointed.

Let's start with the Food experience: 

We came at prime dinner time with a party of 6. As the place is smaller, filled with two seaters, a lively bar, we were seated upstairs in one of their few booths. I love this. From the top, you get a view of the whole restaurants, where you can watch the people below dine, the food servers scrambling about caring the open faced tacos which sizzle and smell tantalizing. The menu is simple: One half is starters, starting with chips and salsa, and ending poke, chopped and papa bravas [variety ensembles of salads and small bites], the second half is filled with their signature tacos which are serve in sets of 2. On the back of the menu you find an array of signature cocktails made from their wall of tequilas and mezcal. [more on that later]. In addition, there is a daily specials menu highlighting some of their fresh ensembles of the day and a crazy "build-your-own" guacamole bar, which my friend J was ALL OVER. 

We ordered the Chips and Salsa as well as the selection of guac that J crafted together as we waited for our drinks. My "Sookie Stackhouse", a frozen margarita style drink, garnished with a special set of wax poured FANGS. I enjoy the occasional gimmick like that. It was served with homemade tortilla chips and a generous heaping of cilantro on guac, which, btw, was creamy with some depth in flavor.

I did a split with a friend for the taco. I HAD to try the Tako Taco, for one, as it is the namesake taco, made with Tako's patron spirit animal [Octopus] as the star ingredient, as well as the Mushroom Taco, a veggie taco with Mushrooms and burnt brussels. Floored. By the nth degree, the Mushroom stole the show. A good balance of veggies, paired with oaxaca cheese and garlic aioli. Absolutely fantastic. While the Octopus was done really well, I was upset that it was slightly buried by the accompanying harissa aioli. I personally would have made it more lemony because I love lemony Tako, but as with everything, that's just personal preference. However, it granted me my additional delight of eating a Tako Taco and thereby referencing my favorite youtube video show MPGIS [in this case episode 41]. I chuckle... anyways, moving on.

Service was great with a decisive flow to it. Jacen is great, vivacious, and made sure that we were served with good speed and recommendations. Definitely a thrill. Impending service was equally executed. My reservation was completed online and so they called to remind me of my reservation both by email, as well as via phone call and we easily were guided to our seats upon arrival. 

Now to my favorite parts of the restaurant:

First, the decor. The art around the room is fantastic. For its namesake, Tako, there is a huge Octopus covering the main wall. From the top floor, you look the beast square in the eye, from the lower level, it towers over the patrons, watching them devour tacos or simply waiting itself to devour the patrons, take your pick. On the top wall, you get a view of the last supper. Quite ominous.

Second, the garage style kitchen. Watch your tacos be made right from the sidewalk view or have them served to you street side . I'm totally interested how they are going to do this in the Winter time. 

Third and final, the duality between the restaurants. With the same owners, Tako mirrors and compliments the space of butcher and the rye next door. From the linking walkway between the restaurants, to the opposite placements of the kitchens and the back-to-back bars, it creates split yet intermingled worlds, one in the depths of bourbon and rye, the other a world of tequilas and mezcal. In the end they are all drawn together under the watching eye of the Octopus.

The experience at Tako is solid, the food is complex and delectable, giving the patrons an opportunity to dive into a dark world for a couple of hours outside the real world. A solid 4.5 stars, which will only be topped once I sit at the bar, stare into the cooking fires making the remaining menu items I left untasted and hear the gentle shaking of ice in making another S. Warren cocktail, only the essence and standard I expect of a DeSchantz establishment.