I have been to Salsa Blanca now 3 times. It's in my neighborhood and I am thrilled to have great tasting grub so close to home ever since Dos Amigos closed.
When you first walk in, it is an order at the counter type of place. They have a large menu and plenty to choose from. Prices are great! Around 5 - 7 dollars for a combo plate. And most items are around 2 dollars ala carte in case you are not a rice and beans type of person. (Like me)
I have had the green corn tamales, a great value and the masa was moist, fluffy and tender. It was no puny little tamal either. One of the largest I have seen at a Mexican restaurant. I get it without the sauce on top. The sauce was good, but took away the sweetness of the green corn. Maybe over a red tamal it would be better. I have had the bean and cheese tostada which was ok. The enchiladas are very good and I would order them again! I was not really impressed with the tacos. They were not bad, just not great. I will give them points for not using a pre formed shell on the taco and tostada. My husband loves the chimis. I have yet to try them, but they sure look great. The rice and beans are good. But I only tasted them, like I said, I prefer to skip those. My husband also likes the nachos and the quesadilla which is pretty big! The salsa bar had a nice variety. I like the green sauce. I think its tomatillo. And the fire roasted sauce is good too. They also have mild,medium and pico de gallo. The only thing I did not care for were the chips. The first time they were great. The last two times they tasted re heated and one time was a bit stale and chewy. You can't have salsa this good and have chewy chips.  So hope they fix this. Although important to have great chips and salsa, it was the main menu items we were interested in. The staff is friendly and a man that I am guessing was the owner, was stopping by each table and asking how things were and re filling fountain drinks and getting salsa for people. A very nice touch.  The place is clean and the atmosphere is casual. A great place to stop in, and grab some food with the family...And an awesome green corn tamale!