***From the pancakes to the breakfast burrito and the chilaquiles, Gallo Blanco serves a good and very reasonably priced breakfast in a warm, casual and friendly atmosphere***

Gallo Blanco Cafe & Bar is located in a hotel (Clarendon Hotel).  Hotel restaurants worry me a little.  But once you enter Gallo Blanco, you realize that Gallo Blanco is not your typical hotel restaurant and Clarendon Hotel is definitely not your typical hotel.

The Clarendon Hotel seemed to have a funky boutique vibe to it.  The front desk seemed very casual and the little bit we saw of the hotel was fresh, casual and youthful.  There was a lot of interesting looking local art in the hallway and the men's restrooms were outfitted with urinals that were designed to look like open mouths (a Yelper posted a photo of it on Gallo Blanco's page).

The Gallo Blanco has a very youthful coffee shop feel to it.  The restaurant is open and bright (big floor-to-ceiling windows).  The restaurant is very straightforward.  Square room.  Not much in terms of decoration (some art here and there).  Bright but not overly strong colors that give it a casual and hip atmosphere.  The seating is very functional too (no frills).  There is also an outdoor patio.

We went for breakfast and it was reasonably priced.  Most of their breakfast items were $7 to $10 and the portion sizes were just right (generous enough but not over-the-top-big).

We shared the breakfast burrito, which actually was pretty big.  The burrito was a flour tortilla stuffed with chorizo, potatoes, eggs, refried beans, cheddar cheese, and fire roasted salsa.  The burrito was flavorful and had a little bit of spice and kick to it (additional salsa was available on the side).  Everything tasted good and all the ingredients were nicely melted together.  

The Chilaquiles Verdes were even better.  The tostadas were light and crispy; they were also flavored quite well with the green chile sauce.  We added some shredded chicken and it was good and tender (and not too dry).  The chilaquiles verdes were topped with some good sunny side up eggs.

For something a little sweet, we went with their buttermilk pancakes and they were very good.  The pancakes were light and fluffy.  They also had a great brown color to them.  You get that fresh off the griddle flavor here that you don't get at a lot of pancake places.  The maple syrup was warm, sweet and good.

I also had the fresh squeezed orange juice and it was pulpy and tasty.

Service started off a little slow, but once we got our order in, the food came out very quickly and the staff was attentive.  The whole staff (from the owner to the hostess to the waitresses) were very friendly and personable, which added to the warm and casual atmosphere.

Gallo Blanco Cafe & Bar serves a good Mexican breakfast.  All three of our dishes were good, which makes me curious about their other options.  I do not know when I will be in Phoenix next, but my breakfast was good enough here that I would consider making a return visit (even if I was only in Phoenix for a day or two).

Parking is available on the street (free; no meters).