I know that you want to hold onto the Richardson's brand, but when you have Rokerij and Richardson's name in one place, I just wondered "why." It is confusing. just sayin. 

Walked into the new patio space between the 2 structures and was really excited by all the space. It was a Tuesday 6:30 reservation, so the crowd was light. We were greeted with a smile and confirmed our reservation for 5. The hostess kindly pointed to the dining room and we ended up being corraled into the original dining room. We were in the way of the wine coolers and the restroom and the stairs... and we got the looks from the servers trying to move about. But where did they want us to go? Should have we been offered a spot to wait on the patio? Please work that out. 

Food: Once sat down, Ashley was our server and was quick to point our the specials. We sat for a little bit before the drinks came. We ordered some apps. Really slow service, but tasty apps. The #3 pizza was awesome. Cannot beat that sausage! We also got the blackened scallops. Excellent! 

For dinner, I had the Pork Chop Chorizo with the Green Chili Potato (GCP). Say no more! Excellent! There was a tenderloin ordered with GCP and the vegetables. Really good. Everyone loved their food! But Ashley was having a tough night. Wanted a second bottle of wine and they had to find one - took a little while. Once we got our second bottle of wine, we did not see anyone til we were done. 

My wife just reminded me of something really weird that happened. They had mixed up the sides on 2 dishes. So Ashley took both plates back to the kitchen and switched the sides on the plates and brought them back... Every restaurant I have ever been to, would have just brought a correct side to the person. It was really tacky.

Certain things are just outstanding, but some items are just done better in NM. The ambiance is great. Now if I can just get some proper service...

Quick Tip - If you don't mind sitting at the bar, go downstairs. Great service, and they have a reverse happy hour that has 1/2 price apps!