Rachel is why we keep coming back! 

Yes, the brunch is amazing (see some of my pics separate of this review). Quality all the way through. Served small plate/ tapas style. So... So delicious! Not your average options either- banana foster French toast, churro tots served with strawberry and prickly pear dipping sauce, Peanut butter, jelly and Jalapeño in a fresh biscuit... My mouth is watering as I relive the options    And as good as the food is, the service is what makes this place special!

We've had the privilege of having Rachel for two of he visits... She's been with the store since they opened and there is a reason for this! This lady KNOWS how to serve and treat people! 

I eat vegetarian and she would modify the brunch menu orders to accommodate this. She actually gave me ideas on what items to order! Her timing is perfect on bringing food, checking in, making warm small talk, etc. my wife and I have been SUPER impressed

A couple bits if info about this location. It's buried in the WAY back part of Mandalay Bay where the convention center is. Walk past Fluer, Light, Starbucks, etc... When you think you've walked too far, you'll find it :-) 

They are opening a new location located directly on the strip at Ceasars and this one will stay open. They have indoor and outside seating. The outside overlooks the lazy river. 

The only negative (for me) is I've noticed the vegetarian and vegan options disappearing from the menu. Meat is being added (almost unnecessarily) to items. If you don't care, this won't matter. For me it does. 

I'll be back for sure. I hope they adjust the menu trend so I can come back many more too!

Also, if you sign up to their email club online, you will get a buy 1 get 1 entree free for use within the next ?30-60 days (don't quote me on the length)

Please thumb up/comment if you liked this review and I would count it a privilege if you chose to follow me as I review places I travel and visit. Thank you for taking the time to read! ~mp