To dispell any myths, I am a REAL Yelper. I am not bought and paid for (Everyone has a price, and they can't afford me. No free margarita or cheese crisp will pay that fare.) I have not been solicited, or asked, or suggested to write my review. 

The food REALLY is that good. And worthy of every 4 Star rating it has received (which BTW I never read, until I saw that someone spent many hours reporting all of those imposters). My GF had been there many times, and she suggested we go. I got there, and THEN read the 1.5 star rating. WTF? I make it a point to never go anywhere with less than a 3 Star rating. I suggested we leave. She said, 
"let's stay. Last time I was here, it was good. Besides, Bo, could it be any worse than Macayo's on Cinco?" 

Well played, good friend. 

I was expecting shit rolled into a tortilla. I was expecting service on par with a 1.5 star dining expereince. And I waited. I was exceptionally critical of all aspects of the expereince. PLEASE GIVE ME A REASON TO PROVE EVERYONE ELSE RIGHT, DAMN YOU!!! AND BOY WAS I WRONG.

The service was EXCEPTIONAL. So much so that my GF said, "Don't you think it was 5 stars for a Mexican Food joint?" Well, GF, it's still my Yelp and I say 4.5 Stars for the expereince. And maybe it was, but when I left, I left delightfully full, contently happy, and feeling like I had a stellar expereince. 

Maybe the loss of 1 Star had to do with me needing to stand up to tell a patron to shut the fuck up,  keep his voice down, and stop being an ugly, foul-mouthed American in front of my GF's 5 year old. But, that's not the restaurant's fault. That's the fault of an immature, small, insecure man behaving like a small, insecure, Ugly American. 

Back to the topic at hand.... The service was awesome. Glasses refilled before hitting the E light. Chips full, until we asked for no mas! Food was SCORCHING hot, so you KNOW there was no wait time in the window. 

The food was incredible. I kept thinking... Where have I had better Mexican Food? And the only place I can think of is in Albuquerque, and it's called El Pinto.

We ordered a cheese crip. It was how WE like Cheese Crisps. CRISPY. FLAKY. Breaking apart when you pick it up. Crunchy... Melted cheese oozing. That's how we like em. That's how we got it. Without being asked.  

The 5 year old got a Taco. Al a Carte. PLEASE BE SCREWED UP SO THAT I CAN TELL EVERYONE HOW MUCH YOU SUCK!! No dice. She ordered the enchilata plate. They were almost better than what I ordered. And I ordered the Canitas burrito poco style. If we've met, I'm a big dude, and I can eat. A lot. I couldn't finish it. The beans were smooth, flavorful... And the rice... While I'm not a fan of Mexican/Spanish Rice, I tried it in an attempt to find SOMETHING wrong. I liked it. No enough that I wll eat it often, but I had more than a couple bites, and enjoyed the flavor. 

The only thing that we could think about seeing the reviews here on Yelp is "HATERS GON' HATE." And the world is full of haters. It's already hard to find really good Mexican food in this town. Yelpers, don't hate on a good thing. We need each other to find little gems like this one.  

The decor is nice. I did make the comment that it would be awesome w a bar and Happy Hour, but they are a small joint, in tight confines. 

DEFINITELY WILL BE BACK. FREQUENTLY.