I have to be in the mood for Mexican cuisine. My husband and I had a fantastic lunch at another Mexican restaurant the day before we ate here, so I wasn't too thrilled with the fact that we were having dinner at Hecho, really by no choice of our own. Let me take a step back to explain: we were at MGM Grand for the Justin Timberlake concert on New Year's Day. Big name concert + holiday + enormous casino / hotel = a cluster of people and minimum 45 minute wait at every restaurant we tried... except this one. So with not a lot of time to spare and a quoted 20 minute wait time, we were eating at Hecho en Vegas, like it or not. 

Our wait was actually more like 10 minutes, and we were seated in the colorful and vibrant dining area. Fresh chips and two types of salsa were brought to the table. I preferred the spicy (but not too spicy) red, while my husband liked the sweeter green version. The table next to us ordered guacamole to go with their chips. I love me some guac, but my husband not so much, so it's never something we order as I'm usually content stuffing my face with chips dipped in salsa. However, when I saw the guacamole cart come around the corner and prepare the other couple's guac to order at table side, I couldn't help but be jealous and maybe even a bit resentful toward my husband. How dare he not like guacamole! I want to be THAT couple enjoying their preferred mixture of just the right amount of avocado, lime, pico, etc. and instead I'm stuck eating salsa. SALSA!?! 

My resentfulness quickly faded and I forgot all about that cool guacamole cart as soon as our entrees were brought to the table. My husband and I both ordered the same thing... two enchiladas (one chicken and one cheese) served with black beans and rice. I like how they let you choose the sauce you want your enchiladas topped with. My husband chose red sauce for one and a cheese sauce for the other. I chose the verde for both. My husband devoured his entire meal and was very impressed with the freshness of it all. I ate all except for the rice, as I'm not a huge fan of the spanish style flavoring. The enchiladas and black beans hit the spot though.

So, I admit that I was pleasantly surprised by this dinner I was not too happy about having to begin with. I probably won't be returning though due to the fact that there is another Mexican restaurant nearby that has made my five star list and I would rather go there when the craving strikes.