My first try of Gil's was A-ok.  I did not dine in because I had some business to attend to at home.  I did talk to the server who's name eludes me for the moment.  He was nice and helpful.  I asked how long they have been in business and he said it was 1 year ago today.  He also said that he was actually born and raised in Taos.  Gil is actually the owner and ,if I recall correctly, he came from Taos as well.  My initial thought that the "Taos" thing was just a marketing ploy was changed.  Gil started the biz doing catering and the restaurant came second.

I wanted to try all the different kinds of meat so I got the Carne Asada sandwich, 3 tacos (chicken, beef, and carnitas), and a side of chips and salsa (both the red and green salsas).

The Carne Asada came on a regular looking hamburger bun with sesame seeds on top.  The meat looked like what you would get on a bbq sandwich.  Shredded beef.  Then cheese and hatch chiles.  That's it.  In my opinion it needed just a little salt to bring out more of the flavors.  Not bad at all.  The fries are a different story being that they didn't even come close to my standards.  As was used before, the fries were like an afterthought.  Just to be clear, I didn't come here for the fries.  They just came with the sandwich.

All three tacos were pretty much par for the course.  I would say I liked the Carnitas best out of all the meats.  However, they all were juicy, tender, and had good flavor.  The crispy taco shells were fresh.  They came with the normal fixins on top.

The chips ARE good like everyone else said.  I like the red salsa but I have a suspicion that it is just doctor'd up spaghetti sauce.  I am probably wrong though.

All-in-all a pretty good meal.  I ate half of everything so this will feed me twice for around $20.  I will definitely eat here again.

When I was waiting for my food, the man who greeted me said that he felt the best thing on the menu was the #3 Hatch green chile and chicken enchilada, which I agreed sounded good.  I will remember to try that next time.