So, this one time, I went to a really nice, classy, Mexican food restaurant... but not this time.  That being said, I love going to Dos Gringos, but you have to be prepared- it's very much like the college bars in Mexico.  Yet, I really like it there.  It could be my casa away from my casa.

The patio is huge and a lot of it has misters for us overweight sweaty bastard types, but I am not sure when that last time they hosed down the tables... ever?  If you are short on cash, you may get a good buzz walking around licking the tables... and they would be cleaner then too!  WOO HOO!  Also, assuming you like sitting on seats made of 2X4s painted like a clown threw up on them and tables that need to be sanded (and wiped down, I reiterate), yet decent food and cheap-ish drinks, this place is for you.  They do have an inside section, but from what I have seen, most of the fun is outside.  

On the normal weekend night, you get your typical Scottsale DBs who need to put their sleeves back on the shirt that their moms paid for as they are $30K a year millionaires, sorority girls-gone-wild types who don't care about anyone but them and their BFFS, and a fair amount of the overly sensative hipsters who could really use a shave and some deodarent, but despite all of that, it's still fun.  Oh, and you will be able to pick the first timers, tourists, and 'parents' out of the crowd for sure.  And if you have other plans, I would not recommend going here before you go anywhere else as you are bound to get dirty or spill, but it's a great way to end the night and that's just Dos Gringos.

Service- tattooed chicks with big boobs... +++ (and some dudes) but all very nice and good service
Food- decent- it didn't give me poo-cano and they use a lot of cheese which is never a bad thing unless you are my Dr., then I only had the veggies.  Oh, and try the habanero sauce on the side- it will grow hair on your sack and force a re-manscape ASAP!  Muy bien!
Atmosphere- VERY relaxed, and some could argue too relaxed if you like a little structure
Other- plenty of room to dance between the booths, jenga, decent music, but best of all, $1 Donkey Punch shots all the time!  Be careful, these bad boys are the cousin of the Dirty Sanchez for a reason!