I've heard about Tacos El Gordo as their main branches are in south San Diego and they are WELL known for authentic Mexican street tacos. These aren't just *any* run of the mill chicken/steak/carnitas tacos but the REAL ones where they use certain... innards of the animal. Although I've lived in Chula Vista for so long I hadn't visited one (shame on me), so not only am I able to complete a pilgrimage to such a well-known taco establishment before I move to the Bay Area, I also got to introduce the No1DP to REAL tacos. It's a step up from the "Mexican" food he's been used to eating on his business trips but he says it was way too late to try brain and stomach tacos :/

This is one of the few places in Vegas that are open quite late on a weekday (3am) and even more late on weekends (5am). Frankly there's not much that's open for late night eating afterwards unless you are willing to go off-strip and even then you have to know what you are looking for. This area is also short walking distance from the Wynn/Encore hotel group so this would be a perfect late-night spot for people getting out of XS/Surrender/Tryst and needing to sober up.

There's indoor and outdoor seating. Outdoor seating is covered. No1DP says that outside is a good place to go people-watching as it overlooks Las Vegas Blvd.

Inside the taco shop there are various counters. Each counter you can order specific items. Place your order then fall in line at cashier towards the door to pay.

All tacos use two flour tortillas to soak up the fat/give stability to the taco plus each taco has a generous portion of salsa verde. There's no cheese or sour cream on the taco (which is a sign of a true Mexican taco joint). Each taco is between $2-$3.

Asada: Typical beef carne asada taco. Tastes like any other carne asada taco. If you live in SoCal and are lucky enough to have taco shops within reasonable driving distance, just do yourself a favor, be more adventurous and try a taco that you'll only find here.
Suadero (shoulder): One of the best cuts of meat for a taco I've ever had. Shoulder seems like it was braised as the meat was quite soft and juicy without it being too greasy.
Cabeza (head): For this taco I think they grind up the head so that the end result texture is similar to a pate. The taste was a bit weird and didn't have much flavor as a meat; it absorbed more of the oil and the salsa verde. 

I can definitely justify the hype regarding this place and this taco joint, along with TJ's Oyster Bar for tacos from the sea, are my two recommended taco joints for REAL street tacos. Now if I can find someone to drag along who is willing to try beef brain, tripe and pork stomach before I leave...