Wowzers! I was so excited to try out the new spot in town as I had heard good things, and they did not disappoint. The man and I stopped in for lunch on a Monday as a precursor to our mid-afternoon massages. I gotta give them 5 stars on the food. The lunch menu is a fantastic deal ... You get an appetizer and an entree (lunch portion) and a soft drink for $15. This is really, really reasonable considering the quality and deliciousness of what you get. I had the tortilla soup to start, which had incredible depth of flavor. (It beat the pants off the ceviche that the bf ordered.) Then I had the Queso Fundito for my entree. This is where I thought I had gone to heaven... This dish is a duck barbacoa. Yep, duck! And its amazing. It is served in a cast iron skillet with a red chile-like sauce, roasted poblano peppers and is covered in 3 cheeses that are browned and bubbly on top. You put this delectable mix into fresh tortillas and chow down. There was even enough for me to take to work for lunch the next day.
I give them 3 1/2 stars on drinks. The margs are good, but not the best and they are definitely priced on the high end. The Jefe was the best one I tasted, but just not sure its an $11 drink. If you add fresh fruit (blood orange) it adds a couple more bucks to the price too. I would probably abstain from their drinks in the future, unless they had a happy hour discount or I just felt like spending club prices on drinks.
The service could use some tweaking. 3 stars. It wasn't awful, but it wasn't great. We found ourselves waiting a solid 8-10 minutes after placing a drink order before the server came back for our food order... There were only about 4 other tables in the whole place, so I'm not sure what he was up to that whole time. He did make solid recommendations on the food and had an understanding on the menu, but his attentiveness could be better. Smiling would also be good! A manager stopped by at one point and she was super nice asking about our lunch and gave a good recommendation on a drink.
I will definitely recommend this place and keep it in my list of places to visit again!