Tidy family-run southern Sonoran restaurant featuring more than the usual suspects. 

On my visit I started with the agua de cebada (a spiced barley-based drink akin to the usual rice-based horchata) and then moved on to the chicharron taco plate and a birria taco. The cebada was delicious with a toasty nuttiness against which the usual horchata pales. 

The steamed (boiled?) and fried bits of pig skin in the chicharron tacos are not for the fat- or flavor-averse. The richly seasoned, crispy outside-tender inside chunks of chicharron were nicely complemented by the refreshing garnish of lettuce ribbons, diced tomatoes, and a fat slice of avocado. 

The chicharron tacos far outshone the comparatively underseasoned taco of diced stewed goat meat (birria de chivo), which was redolent with goaty gaminess but not much else. Even doctoring it up with fresh lime and some of the complimentary salsa verde didn't really move the needle for me. I can see giving the birria another try in stew form (if it's ever offered that way) and skipping the taco. 

The beans (refritos) topped with crumbled queso cotija were quite good--good enough, in fact, that I could see just eating an order of those with some of the excellent corn tortillas used for the tacos. The rice was pretty much standard issue stuff, but at least it didn't drag the experience down.

The regular menu features a lot of familiar forms (tacos, tortas, burritos) with familiar ingredients (carne asada, lengua, cabeza). The adventurous diner will want to look around at the various hand-written signs and the white board with the weekly specials to find items that are a bit more out of the ordinary. The specials board and other signage are written in Spanish, and the menu is in Spanish with fluent, though somewhat vague, English translations. The gentleman who served my food spoke Spanish and English fluently and was eager to answer my questions, so if he's on the floor, even the monolingual should be able to get by.

A combo plate ($8) and a soft drink ($2) will generally put you right at the $10 mark before tax and tip. Burritos clock in at $6-$8, tortas are $6, and a la carte tacos are $2 apiece.

The hours here (M-Sat: 7am-4pm; Sun: 6:30am-3pm) pretty much put this into the breakfast-and-lunch-only category for most folks.