Came here late on a Friday night and pretty starving since we had just arrived in the long car ride.  This place was recommended by a local and she said this place had amazing Mexican food.  We came at like 10:30ish (I think) and was seated outside.  They covered up the overhang ceiling with fake trees and lights and you'd think it'd sound weird but it was kind of cute.

On to the food... we got chips and salsa, and gucamole as an appetizer.  We each ordered different margaritas to try and I had the organicos one with all organic ingredients (cause i'm into that shit).  It was delicious sweet and had the perfect amount of sour!  The chips with salsa and guacamole tasted delicious as well had beautiful presentation.  The salsa came out with 3 different salsas- a fresca, verde, and i think a spicy one.  My favorite was the verde and spicy.  The chips weren't too overly salted and the salsas tasted refreshing.  Usually I tend to be addicted to the salt in the chips and end up overeating but I was able to enjoy this as a true appetizer rather than overeating chips.  As far as the guacamole- it tasted amazingly fresh.

I ordered the fajitas to share and it was also seasoned very well.  It came with 6ish flour tortillas with the sizzling platter in the middle with a few accompaniments on the side in little metal containers.  It came with sides of guac, 2 salsas, sour cream, and other stuff I forgot.  The fajita plate also had a small grilled corn!  I really like that the fajitas weren't dripping in oil or had the taste of cheap butter.  In most places where I've had fajitas, ever time you scoop up the onions and peppers they are just drenched in oil.  The flavors of the spices and cooked perfection really came out with the fajitas which is huge cause usually I will taste a faint of cheap butter which I'm not a fan of.  Bf had the salmon tacos which he didn't like but I had a bite of his salmon and thought it was cooked well.  Maybe it's because he isn't accustomed to tasting salmon in tacos since the usual fish is some white fish, but I thought the plate looked very aesthetically pleasing.

I really enjoyed this meal and would definitely return.  Prices were very reasonable for a Vegas dinner coming to about $15-$18 for an average plate (not counting the few fancy items).  I wasn't amazed, but definitely impressed by the higher quality Mexican food.