Is there any greater feeling than finding one of those hidden gems that hardly anyone knows about, so you don't want to say too much, and yet you can't help but want to spread the word...well that is how I feel after visiting Mar Y Tierra for the first time tonight, what a pleasant surprise to say the least!

Decided to give this restaurant a shot after finding one of the super-terrific 90% off restaurant.com coupons for $10 off a $15 minimum purchase.   Figured what do we have to lose as it is always nice to be able to spend less than $20 on dinner for two, so why not give it a shot and see what happens, and what happened was we found a new restaurant to add to "our list"!

The location is pretty much in the middle of nowhere so we weren't too surprised to find plenty of parking spaces available, but definitely expected to see more than two cars in the lot given that it was 7pm on a Saturday night.  Walked in and we were greeted by our friendly host who initially sat us under the flat screen TV, but had no issue when we asked for a booth a bit further away from the TV.  When we arrived, there were two guys there watching baseball highlights on ESPN, but after about five minutes, we were soon left as the only patrons, which again was weird given that we couldn't understand how a restaurant could survive with basically no customers during prime time on a Saturday night.  Needless to say, our expectations weren't that great, but boy were we in for a surprise!

We started with the spinach and queso dip for $3.25 and then ordered the double order of Mar Y Tierra Fajitas, as we had never experienced so many different items in a fajita before (Chicken, Steak, Shrimp, Scallops, Carnitas, Chorizo) so we had to give this one a shot.  At $21.95 it was in the ballpark (give or take a couple bucks) with what other places charge for "Fajitas for 2" but when this dish arrived, it was definitely a sight to behold as it should have been called "Fajitas for 4" (and this is from a guy who can finish off the Wild Wing Cafe Nacho Platter for 3-4 as an appetizer and still hit the lunchtime wing buffet as my main course!).  

The fajitas were HUGE and they didn't skimp on filling or tortillas like most places do.  We actually got 8 tortillas total between us, which was great, considering most places give you about 2-3 each and then charge for extras.  The food was excellent, the service was attentive and friendly, and overall the meal was not only filling and tasty, but also was a TREMENDOUS value when all was said and done, as our total bill (food plus tax plus tip) after the coupon was only $22 for the Super Fajitas and the Spinach Queso Dip.      

On a side note, no other patrons ever came in the whole time we were there (about 45 mins), so that was somewhat disappointing, as we will definitely be back (even without a restaurant.com coupon), but not sure if the restaurant will still be there unless business picks up soon.  Highly recommended, as it is always nice to find a hidden gem with great food and excellent service!