Stopped in here with the hubby after shopping at the mall all afternoon. We were both hungry but just wanted a quick bite and didn't want to deal with the mediocre chains around Chandler mall that are always so packed on weekend evenings. Didn't know what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised to see that they had Happy Hour going on, even though it was the weekend. 

We ordered the trio of dips to start. The queso and salsa were both good though too thin IMHO. The guacamole was nice and thick - I am not a fan of the stuff but my husband said it was like pure avocado with just seasonings added (which he liked). Then he ordered some tortilla soup and I got a shrimp tostada then we also shared a combo plate. Overall, I would say this is really not authentic Mexican food at all but still pretty tasty. 

I would have just given it three stars but I added one more because they have my all-time favorite drink, the Michelada. For those of you who don't know what that is, it is a beer mixed with tomato juice or clamato and you add lime juice, hot sauce, Worcestershire, and other misc spices. I make mine at home with Corona Light and Mister T's Bloody Mary mix. Of course it is better when done by a professional, but at most places when I ask for it they don't know what it is, even at Mexican restaurants. Then when I explain it they stare at me like I'm crazy. It may sound weird if you've never had one but is is the most delicious, refreshing drink ever. They made it perfectly at Juan Jaime's and served it in a chilled glass with sweet chilli powder on the rim. It was great! I will come back to this place again just for that drink. I was also very impressed with the tequila menu, it took up the whole page! 

Overall, the food at this place is similar to Rubios or Chipotle but the atmosphere is way cooler. There were no kids running around, and it had a great bar. It seems like the perfect happy hour place. I really liked the patio but I just wish it didn't face the street. The location in Scottsdale looks like it is bigger and not in a strip mall. But in Chandler we have to take what we can get I guess.