New Year! New House! New breakfast burritos! To say I was worried about Mexican food in my area after our move is an understatement. I need some sort of burrito factory within a reasonable distance or else why even exist? Our old Ramiro's was pretty good at slinging sour cream and guacamole infused delights so my hunt for its replacement was actually done before the move even commenced. I mean, what great General goes into battle without a well thought out strategy?

Rivas is actually closer than the aforementioned Ramiro's was to our previous residence. Things are starting well. I drove up this morning with one thing in mind; breakfast burritos. Steak, egg, cheese, and potato burritos to be specific. The drive through was pretty standard if not a little cramped but I drive a compact car so this wasn't an obstacle. From order to pick up window was pretty standard, possibly a little faster than average. Price is also average for an establishment like this. So far so good.

The drive home with this type of payload is always horrible. I drive a manual transmission so even trying to single fist a burrito would be a bad idea. These things smelled delish. Upon arriving home, unwrapping, and taking that first bite, my suspicions were confirmed. We have a new burrito place! It was a hot, flavorful party in my mouth and everyone was invited. The steak was a little different flavor than what I was used to due to the spices I assume. But it was a good flavor so I didn't mind a bit. I finished about 3/4 of this sizable meal in a tortilla until I had to tap out. I wanted to go on, but my body said no. Rewrapped and back into the fridge with you, ole' boy! You have just become lunch!

Wrapped food delivery systems are efficient. Arguably a better food system than the almighty sandwich. Remind you I said arguable. Much like sandwiches, though, burritos can be thrown together by just about anyone but that doesn't make it good. Rivas has shown they have what it takes in this field. I see a beautiful relationship developing here.