I have been on a quest.. a quest for the almighty bacon wrapped hot dog or the Tijuana Hot Dog aka Mexican Hot Dog.. these bad boys are so illegal one lady selling them in LA was sent to jail for 45 days! Apparently the board of health doesn't look to kindly on street vendors grilling these on the side of the road. 

After much searching on the internet for potential suitors for me quest I found this one, Mereno's in Mesa. This place isn't just in Mesa but in the part of Mesa that is well, like stepping into Little Mexico. Its awesome really.. carneceria's, Mexican food stands and of course 2 TJ hot dog joints (the second we spotted on the drive up to Moreno's).

Once there we were impressed! With all the buildings around there looking worn and tattered, Moreno's was like finding the Titty Twister in the middle of the Mexican desert, place was hopping! Of course we we're the only white boys in there but hey, if you like the looks of Latin men, well heyyyyyyyy!! 

We ordered 4 dogs, a cheese quesadilla and a carne asada burro.. oh, they also have Coke and Sprite (Mexican versions) in the glass bottle! Saweet! After ordering we were told that we need to go back outside and pick up the dogs. Strange but okay.. made me a little nervous until we got outside and there was a street cart.. this guy was the hot dog monster! He had 4 made with all the toppings (beans, onions, salsa, etc) but to or disappointment the dogs weren't wrapped in bacon. Apparently the AZ board of health got to this place as well. The bacon was chopped and put into the hot dog boat (bun with a slit only in the center).  

When we got inside we grabbed a booth and took in the surroundings. This place is actually pretty decent. Super clean, very comfortable and a nice salsa bar close to the counter. They had avocado cream, 2 kinds of salsa as well as cucumbers and radishes plus limes.  We of course we to town, I love 'salad' with my Mexican food! Once we were set up we tore into the dogs! They were fantastic.. the flavors and textures were as comforting as they were somehow exotic. Mayonnaise with salsa and bean, who knew?

The burro and the quesadila showed shortly after a few minutes. Oh the quesadilla.. super crispy and cheesy! The carne asada burro was huge! Surprisingly packed full of meat, pico de gallo and rice.. Ive never had one this way but I cant believe what Ive been missing all these years! Tender, salty, a little spicy (additional salsa) and slightly creamy as the rice was done very well! 

As we waddled out of there and made it to the car we knew that we will certainly be coming back! On the way west to the 101 we noticed about 4 different street carts, all serving the same thing.. those yummy TJ hot dogs!

Anyone up for a crawl? Who knows, maybe one will be wrapped in bacon?