After reading some of the reviews, I was a little hesitant to try Casa Rasta. But it's close to my neighborhood and I like to give all new restaurants at least one shot. I'm happy to report that my first experience there was great and I'll be sure to return. 

First off this place is BYOB, which is always good by me. The corking fee for a bottle of wine is only $4- a nice bonus. When I called to make reservations, the hostess told me that if I were to bring a bottle of liquor, she could make a pitcher margaritas for the table. (Next time!) 

We ordered chips and guacamole, as well as sriracha wings to split as an appetizer. The guacamole was really tasty, a little spicy, but still smith with nice avocado chunks. The wings were equally as good- spicy and not at all soggy. (Soggy wings are a huge turn off, IMO.) 

For dinner, we split plantains, goat curry, jerk chicken, and chicken/potato flautas between the four of us. Everything was delicious. The flautas were so flavorful and the potato mixed with chicken is a nice spin. The goat curry was good, too. It's presented as chucks of meats and rice smothered in a yellow curry sauce.  Next time we go, I'll probably try the chicken curry, just to see how it compares. And in the spirit of saving the best for last... The jerk chicken is really out of this world. There are so many spices and flavors that it tasted like quite the gourmet dish. According to our server, it's also the spiciest dish on the menu. (And I definitely believe that because my sinuses were totally clear after dipping plantains in the jerk sauce!) We didn't try dessert so I can't comment on it. 

Overall I really enjoyed the meal and I'm definitely coming to recommend Casa to my friends. Best of all, the bill was only $60, which I found a little hard to believe. For $15 per person, we got a lot of good food. 

If you're in the market for a laid back, enjoyable dinner (spicy) dinner, try Casa Rasta and bring a bottle of wine! It's also worth noting that there are some mild dishes listed on the menu, if a burning mouth isn't your thing.