Awesome little mom and pop type place been here about 3 times already. First time I did the all-you-can-eat dogs for 8.99. Ate about 6 hot dogs, some onion rings, and a Dr. Pepper.  There is a HUGE range of toppings you can put on your dogs offered at the buffet which include: pickles, jalapenos, sliced or diced onions, nacho cheese, chili, tomatoes, relish, chicago relish, real crumbled bacon, deli mustard, regular mustard, ketchup (purists aside), etc. etc. the list goes on. Pretty much anything you can dream of! I also came in during a transition period between breakfast and lunch and one of the staff said to have at it with the breakfast buffet if I wanted. Awesome bonus! Grabbed some biscuits and poured some country gravy over those bad boys before diggin' into my dogs.

Second time around I brought my roommate and we had the all-you-can-eat buffet crab legs and prime rib for 18.99 (friday and saturday only). Felt bad about using the $10 for 20 yelp deal because I really like to support local businesses. Prime rib was pretty good, it was actually like really thin cuts of beef almost like roast beef don't be expecting a huge slab of meat and you'll be ok. It was pretty tasty, had about 4 plates of that.  The snow crab/king crab leg mix was extremely sweet, and fresh. Very high quality.  There was a bit of a wait time in between batches when the crab ran out, but it was worth the wait.  My roommate really liked the food, and the staff even made a special request of sunnyside up eggs to go with his prime rib. +++

Third time did the hot dogs and sandwiches for 10.99. The Pizza STEAK is amazing! I think I can probably eat about 12 of those it's so good I can't describe it. Or maybe because my vocabulary is limited. Regardless its delicious go out and get one! Also had the cordon bleu sandwich which was pretty good, but I think i'll stick with the steak sandwiches.  Also had about 2 jalapeno dogs and loaded them up with toppings. 

Man I'm kind of drooling just thinking about it. I just went yesterday and I'm tempted to go again but I'll save some money. Love this place and I love to support local mom and pop joints. No other places offer hotdog/sandwich buffets in the area so this place is a gem.  If you are on the fence about trying it, I say give it a go. Definitely one of my new go-to places!