Stars are for food and drinks. Service is kinda lacking sometimes.  Food could use a pinch of salt thou.
Being in this industry (food and beverage) forever, I obviously always pay close attention to the service.
I agree that music is kinda loud sometimes.  The first time my boyfriend and I were there we were pretty much yelling to our waitress to get our orders. 
Last nite we went there at 10 pm... We got sat outside right away (we had a reservation).  We sat at the high tables outside because the music is not as loud as when you are sitting on the little couches/tables. 
Our waitress came to say hi pretty fast and ask us if we were there before and give us some time to decide.  She came back in about 5 minutes... By that time we already knew our appetizer order. She took our appetizer order and started putting her notepad away... like we were done ordering.  We had to let her know that we were ordering drinks too. She took the notepad out again and wrote down our drink order... put the notepad away and went to take our menus. We had to stop her and let her know we were gonna order entrees when we made a choice. I know everybody here in yelp doesn't wait tables but I've done this too long so it's kinda hard to overlook at details like that (I never leave a table without trying to upsale drinks and apps/salads).
We get our drinks... my drink came without a straw... I know it's not a big deal but I really don't like drinking from restaurant glassware without one. Good thing was is that when I came in I had an almost empty drink from the casino so I used those straws. My boyfriend order a Mexican beer... She didn't bother to bring a cold glass or even asked if he wanted one... oh and no lime either... it's a Mexican beer come on! So we had to stop her to get a glass and a lime.
Before we order I had a question about an item... How it came out... I'm pretty sure she didn't know the answer because her reply was... "yeah I'm pretty sure". Good thing it wasn't anything related to an allergy cause I could be dead lol. 
I don't know, maybe she was having an off nite or something. I had good service there before, not exceptional but plain good.
We asked for a box and she brought the check right away... Not asking about desserts or coffee or another drink or anything. We gave her our industry card so she had to take the check back to get it discounted. After that she forgot to bring us the check back so after 7-10 minutes we had to flag her down for it... And then we had to flag her one more time to actually pay.
Our original check was almost $100... kinda expensive, and I would expect better service considering price and location. But because we have the industry card we can overlook at things like that. But I would definitely not go in there too often if I didn't get a discount.