Food = 5 stars
Layout and issues = -2 stars

I cannot say I've had one thing from here that wasn't great. 
My favorite thing to get is the Green Chile Cornbread!  Sweet green chile cornbread drowned in this chunky salsa type stuff with shredded pernil.  I didn't know what pernil was before but now I cannot do without it at least twice a month.  Fuego's is so tender...so flavorful.  And on top of this cornbread, its just absurd.  I could eat this anytime, any day.

Speaking of pernil, the first thing I had here was the Pernil Torta.  Actually, a coworker let me taste a little piece and I ranted on that whole day about how good it was.  Its just that it has this specific taste that my grandmother's pork ribs had.  I thought I'd never get that taste again, and who knew it'd be at a Mexican place.  The only complaint with this sandwich is the bread...i don't like it.  It doesn't...go.  If this was on texas toast, i would be eating one right now.

I've also tried the tacos and the nachos.  Both offer a lot of food.  The tacos are on par with any good taco I've had.  The nachos are huge and got a lot of different good flavors going on.  I'd recommend either.

My second favorite thing to get here are the empanadas.  The only empanada i ever knew anything about was Taco Bell's desert ones.  These ain't that.  These have beef, cheese, peppers, stuff, more stuff and some other stuff in this perfect pocket crusty flaky thing.  And there is a sweetness to it all that makes these irresistible.  I am always torn between these or the cornbread.

The value is normal downtown stuff.  You do get a large amount of food, though...so you shouldn't feel sour after you shell out at least $10 bucks for lunch.  You'll probably have leftovers (yeah right).

The staff are always friendly, although they are really busy all the time.  I've had to stand around a lot even after waiting to come in after I call ahead.  Standing around wouldn't be so bad if the layout of the place didn't suck.  This is another booties-in-my-plate type setup, where customers have no choice but to hover around diners and their meals.  No matter where you stand, you end up dancing the cha-cha trying to get out of the servers' and other customers' way.  The drink station is right in a high-traffic area, so everybody is in everybody's way all the time.  It helps to sit outside where you can people watch.

This is a frequent place for me on the lunch list.  I can't stay away from that cornbread!