My time in Phoenix wasn't going to be complete without some Mexican food.  It didn't have to be "authentic," just a local's eatery.  I was already tired of the airport Mexican food, so instead of venturing straight there on my way out, I took a 20 minute detour to visit the city's top rated Mexican joint, none other than the infamous Carolina's.

Ever have that uneasy feeling of "I don't know about this..." while exploring a new neighborhood?  This was exactly one of those times.  I already knew it was a dive, but I didn't know it was going to be a scene from the movies, almost as if Compton was ever smack dab in the middle of desert.  Even when we questioned our GPS directions, it never lead us astray.  Within a few minutes into a ghost town of project like homes, we found Carolina's.  There wasn't any windows, some minor graffiti, looking something like a warehouse with a bare parking lot.  The doors were painted black on an all white building, I was just waiting to open the doors to find bikers and extras from the movie From Dusk Till Dawn.

Instead, I found a mix of patrons from all social classes, some waiting in line, and many sitting quietly enjoying their meal.  After a quick peak at the menu, I noticed nothing was in Spanish.  The guys behind the counter were all speaking flawless English and then I realized none of the clientele was Hispanic.  Could access to decent Mexican food be any easier?  I decided to ask the guys behind the counter for things that weren't on the menu and they jokingly retorted, "Go to Mexico, this is Carolinas."  The entire menu reminded me of the fast food Mexican joints (a la Muchas Gracias in Oregon) I've seen throughout the west coast, thought he prices weren't as dirt cheap as I had hoped but still a good deal nonetheless.

Without abandon, I ordered a mix of enchiladas, tacos, tamales, and their infamous tortillas that were made in house.  In short, I did not come away disappointed.  The tamales were fresh, steaming away as I unwrapped the corn husks.  A quick cut into the masa revealed the fine starch hugging the bits of shredded chicken just perfectly and spiced with the perfect amount of salsa verde.  They were good enough for me to consider ordering a second one, but I was on a limited time frame.  The hard shelled taco was totally what I was used to back home - deep fried, packed, and super greasy - producing an unmistakable crunch without falling apart.  The enchiladas were drenched in a salsa roja sauce, meshed with a bed of frijoles and cheese.  This was greasy Mexican at it's finest, the kind where artery salvation was never part of the agenda, sinful with every bite.  A surprising thumbs up goes to their tortillas, simple yet hearty.  The tortillas con queso were undoubtedly cheesy and though nothing like the ones I've eaten in Mexico, were worth their weight in saturated fat.

If I somehow warrant more visits to Phoenix, I can see myself coming out here for my greasy Mexican fix.  I still need to try their burritos, flautas, chimis, and tostadas.  If I like what I see and more importantly what I taste, I might be able to award this lil dive another whole star.