Unfortunately, I have not had a lot of experience with Mexican food.  I'm not even sure if I've had a REAL taco yet.  But living in Arizona now, I know that good days are coming for me and my Mexican food endeavors.  

My first experience was a good one at some place that I can't remember the name of...

Then I had a so-so outing at a popular Mexican chain, but I don't remember the name of that one, either.

Now we come to Mondo's.  Yes!

The place used to be a pizza joint, and there were still red and white checkers all over the place.  A little TLC could get this joint looking nice, and if I had the know-how, I'd definitely offer to do it myself...in return for free tacos.
Service was great from the start.  Friendly people each time I go in there.  They put you at ease and you feel that this is a neighborhood joint you'll be frequenting - if the food is good.
And it is.  First time, I had a couple carne asada tacos and a chimichanga.  The tacos were crispy, fresh and simple.  There wasn't a whole lot going on with them, just simple tacos.  Very tasty.  About $1.50 a piece.
The chimichanga is just your burrito of choice fried crispy on the outside.  I can't remember what kind I chose, but it was friggin' awesome.  Perfectly fried, nice and fat, and the ingredients used were fresh and full of flavor.  
I didn't need any kind of salsa for the tacos or the chimi.  They were too good for me to stop and bother with sauce.  There is a little salsa bar there with the green stuff and the red stuff.  Each time I've been there, that's all there ever was.  I suppose that's all you really need.
Anyway, I have been hooked on their chimis, so I've never tried anything different.  I know its not a good idea to write a review on a place's food until you've tried a few different dishes, but I just wanted to get the word out about Mondo's.  Mainly because the people are so nice.  You get this humble type vibe when you go in, and you really want these guys to succeed. 
Great and friendly service.  Tasty tacos and chimichangas.  Easy on the wallet prices.  Yup, Mondo's is that neighborhood joint I've been looking for in Maricopa.  Other places have tasty food, but the prices are a bit high.  You can easily eat here for 6 bucks.
Oh and they have Horchata!  It is the SECOND most refreshing drink I've ever had.  Reminds me of a Vietnamese drink I had once which is also a rice/coconut/milk type thing (and the #1 drink of all time).
If you're ever in the area, or if you live here and want some good tacos for cheap, I recommend Mondo's.
Once I try some other dishes, this place probably gets 5-star treatment...