Enjoyed a stellar dinner here with two very good friends, and would happily and whole-heartedly recommend that you stop by for an outstanding, authentic Mexican dinner.  

It's more of an upscale authentic Mexican cuisine establishment, so if you're expecting a big greasy pile of cheap meat crammed and covered by pasty beans, dry rice, and a boatload of cheese (like you'd find at Pedro's, Laredo's, or Mi Cocina), look elsewhere.  If you're looking for a "hole-in-the-wall-but-Bario-like-authentic" experience, look elsewhere.  

What you will find is a non-pretentious, comfortable and cozy dining area that can seat around 60-70 people, a super friendly and attentive staff, and a delicious selection of reasonably-sized, inventive and mostly authentic Mexican entrees.  It's a tad pricey, yes, but again, this isn't Taco Bell, so get over it.

The menu options were vast and intriguing, but we ultimately opted for the nightly special: slow roasted carnitas (with locally raised pork) and a selection of salsas, including a cactus salad and a wonderful tomatillo sauce, complimented with charros negros.  One of the party members enjoyed the pollo con molle y aroz (chicken with molle and rice).  

And while the beverage selections looked great - especially the handmade, fresh squeezed margaritas - we opted for water, coffee, and soda.  The coffee was superb - I personally downed 4 cups of it with dinner.  

Our entrees took about 20-25 minutes to prepare, and when they arrived, we couldn't wait to dig-in.  The portion sizes were absolutely perfect; the presentation, while not inventive, was efficient and pleasing.  The flavors were outstanding - the carnitas were smoky, and bursting with a supreme porky goodness, finished with just a hint of "crunch" from their finish in the fryer.  The beans were unreal - bacon-infused flavor abound.  

I sampled the molle, and wow - smokey with a hint of cocoa and just a touch of heat.  Very nicely done, Cilantro!  

We were never rushed, and our sever did a great job of following-up on refills and to make sure that everything was ok.  My meal came to $26 - a price that was more than fair, given the overall quality.  Some might balk at a $26 "Mexican dinner," but again - this isn't your typical canned slop.  

Cilantro = WIN

Service = 4 stars
Food = 4 stars
Value = 3.5 stars
Misc = 4 stars

I'll definitely be back!