My wife and I had been to the other Chino Bandido a few years ago.  I saw that this place was within reasonable driving distance from work (4 miles) and since we have hour lunches, I decided to drive down.  I walked in, filled out my card on what I wanted (for those that don't know....Chino Bandido is a fusion cuisine that allows you to mix and match different items.  You fill out a card with a pen and write down what you want...endless combinations are available pretty much)  and then paid the man my money.  A few minutes later, I had my sack of food and was on my way out the door.  Here is what I ordered..................

I went with a 2 item combo and decided to get 2 quesadillas (Jen Red Pork and Jade Red Chicken) black beans and pork fried rice.  The total for this huge monstrosity was $9.10.  Here is how everything tasted.............

Jen Red Pork Quesadilla-  This thing was delicious.  It was pretty much sweet and sour pork wrapped in a tortilla with cheese.  They kind of "fry/griddle" their tortillas so they have a bit of a crunch/crisp to them.  They stuffed this to the gills with tons of crunchy/sweet/hot pork.

Jade Red Chicken-  Very similar to the Jen Red Pork except that it was chicken.  Think sweet and sour chicken.  I was very impressed with my 2 quesadilla combo.  It was almost too much though.  I wound up stuffed and couldn't even finish two 1/4s of each quesadilla.

Black Beans-  I'm usually not a fan of beans.  These beans were absolutely delicious though.  They are as black as the night sky and they came covered with a bunch of cheese.  They reminded me of a sort of refried bean but way more delicious.  It was almost like a giant bean dip.  Alternating bites of beans and quesadilla was a killer combo.

Pork Fried Rice-  This was pretty good.  I left a lot of it in the container just because I was so damn full from everything else.  This was a moister fried rice with little pieces of pork in it.  Was it the best fried rice ever?  Nah.  Did it work with the combo of everything else?  Yeah.  

Snickerdoodle-  They hook you up with a cookie for dessert.  The sugar cookie was delicious.  Soft and chewy and sweet.  It was the first cookie I have had in months.

Everything was really tasty!  You could probably split a 2 item combo between 2 people.  I tried my darnedest  to finish everything and didn't even come close.  They definitely hook up the portions!   I will definitely be back to try out more combos.  The choices are endless and the food is delicious.  Service was friendly too.  I'm glad this place is nearby!