Holy Mole!  
It's been about 4 years since I first experienced Barrio Cafe and although much time has past they still know how to rock the mole!  
I started talking about Barrio Cafe with a friend a few weeks ago and last night we were finally able to make it meet for dinner.  
I've read some of the previous concerns with the wait staff and can honestly say that we had nothing but superior service.  Our waiter (sorry do not remember his name!) was super attentive and although the place was buzzing (especially for a Wednesday night!) was very pleasant and extremely informative.  The rest of the staff was also right on it! Drink refills were timely, etc. All were very attentive but definitely not intrustive! 
The bread and tapenade were very good... great flavors for sure!  We saw several people ordering the table side guacamole and decided to start off the meal with that!  A-MAZE-ZING! Made to your taste with fresh ingredients... in fact my friend, who does not like anything spicy preferred to skip the fresh chopped jalepenos.. the waiter asked if I would like a spoonful separately on a plate.  Very impressed in his thoughtfulness to accomodate both of us!  Hands down the best was the dried cranberries in the guacamole... Who would have thunk such a simple addition could put this over the top?!? (btw... the waiter did share that they you fresh pomegranite in place of the cranberries when the are in season) Can't wait to try making this at home!

For the entree's I had the Pollo en Mole... Folks... this is how mole is meant to be!  This is a deep black Oaxacan mole with complex flavors that meld together in your mouth for a blissful experience... perfectly cooked chicken...served with a side of wonderfully cooked vegtables and mashed potatoes...  wonderful!   My friend order one of the specials of the night... Don't quote me on the name but I believe it was Pescado a la Veracruzana.   Huge... and I mean HUGE seared halibut steak cooked in a wonderful wine sauce and topped with olives, capers, tomatoes and fresh herbs... oh but that's not all!  It also included a lobster tail that was perfectly cooked with just enough garlic! And just in case that's not enough her's also came with the veggie's & potatoes... 
After eating our fill and still asking for half the meal to be boxed up we decided that we would share and order of flan... Again perfection... too often flan is