This morning, 11am :) , I woke up feeling HUNGRY. I am new to Las Vegas and still don't know all "the spots" to get a good meal so I left the house and decided to take a drive and see what I could find. I stumbled upon this restaurant's "100% natural" signs and I love mexican food so I gave it a try. The first thing that I noticed was the service. I had the owner helping me and he was very friendly. The girl making the food in back shot me a smile too and that always makes people feel welcome. It took me a minute to look over the menu and decide, since it all sounded really good. I used to eat Carnitas de puerco at the mex restaurant in OKC all the time so this is what I chose and I couldn't have been more satisfied. The food was so good I didn't even notice until just now that I didn't get any shredded cheese with my meal. I don't know if that is standard or an accident but It's alright. They have 3 very tasty salsas too choose from, one red with a roasted look to it and 2 green...one seemed blended with avocados because it was really creamy and the other a more traditional salsa verde. There was cilantro, onions, and pico with the salsa bar too. It only took a few minutes to get my food and I dove right in. I should say that this isn't realllyyy a restaurant. It is kind of fast food, but with quality ingredients that you want to eat slowly and enjoy, a perfect place for anybody's lunch break. Before I left I asked the owner if he had heard of Yelp.com. He said he had and would like to be on it but he hasnt been able to because he has mostly been working on his business and sleeping....I told him I was going to put him on it with a good review. I bet he would be happy to learn that he is INDEED on here and there are already quite a few good reviews. I was getting more salsa when I asked him this and when I sat back down an old couple came in the door, they must be regulars because the owner recognized them, asked them about their family and if they wanted their "usual order". Like I said, GREAT customer service. I like these people, I enjoyed their food and I will probably be back a few times a week to try everything on the menu. FYI, they have soups too including loaded bake potato....this would make my girlfriend very happy :) Thanks 100%! Keep up the good work and I'm sure you will be very successful.