I feel like taquerias establish their authenticity by the number of ordering stations present - the more areas available for you to complicate your order, the more legitimate the place apparently is (i.e. Taco Bell with one cash register does not cut it).  

I showed up around 8p with my friend Adam M. to check this place out after having a sampling of Taco Taco at the Yelp 89XXXhibition Block Party last month. I went in already knowing what I wanted to get - one taco each of asada, lengua, cabeza, and al pastor (hey now, don't judge - they are TINY tacos!). Seeing that asada requests were in one station, lengua and cabeza in the next, and al pastor in the last, I started by waiting in the first line for asada. A senora swooped in next to me, but I figured she was getting items from the other stations, so I didn't think too much of it. Then she started to talk - ohhh boy. 

"QUIERO TRES TACOS DE LENGUA, CUATRO DE CABEZA, TRES DE ASADA, CUATRO DE AL PASTOR - NO, SABES QUE? CUATRO DE ASADA. Y QUE DIJE, TRES DE LENGUA? NECESITO SEIS." Okay, for those of you who are asking yourselves, WTF is going on, essentially she was ordering for the entire Chivas soccer team as well as half of the Latin Grammy Awards production staff, except for some reason I only saw 4 people at her table, herself included. But what the heck! I'M waiting for asada, why is there no respect for the station and its signage!? 

So ordering is a little hectic. But once you can get beyond that, the service is super friendly, and the food is fantastic!  The al pastor is decorated with pineapple bits on top of the hefty chunks of pork, while the asada, lengua, and cabeza tacos are all very well seasoned, and when ordered "con todo," ("with everything") there is onion, cilantro, and salsas sprinkled on to enhance - not overpower - the meats. All of the tacos have very generous helpings of meats that, after being well salsa-ed, sit on the strongest little corn tortillas I have ever seen. Speaking of salsas, they have an awesome salsa bar as well - everything ranging from mild to habanero HOT, with chunky and smooth options too. 

They offer a free corn on the cob with any type of social media check-in (e.g. Facebook, Four Square, etc.) but they were out the night I went :( But they did offer me a free taco instead. I'm not an idiot to say no to a free taco, so OK! I'd definitely recommend bringing cash - it seems like their credit card machine is touch and go, so save yourself the hassle of having to go out to the Bank of America just to get more dinero.