Food: Mexico City offers the standard fare food that you can expect to get at most Mexican places in the city, but everything seems to taste more authentic and true to actual Mexican food than the standard Americanized Mexican cuisine.  There are multiple versions of everything you'd expect like tacos, enchiladas, burritos, and fajitas, plus soups, stuffed peppers and other options if you're not looking for something stuffed in a tortilla.  There is a separate vegetarian section of the menu with 6-7 items, and most can be made vegan.  I've tried the stuffed poblano pepper, which I didn't think could be beat, until I tried the vegetarian burrito.  It is the best vegetarian burrito I have had in the city.  The same massive size as any other burrito, with twice the flavor.  But the real treat of Mexico City is the guacamole, which they make directly in front of you at your table.  You can have it made from mild to very spicy, and every iteration I've had is awesome.  And all meals come with unlimited chips/salsa.

Price: You can eat your fill for a very reasonable price at Mexico City.  Two entrees, a bowl of guacamole for two to share and tip comes to around $30.  The cocktails are fairly priced and there are always specials.  And don't forget great Happy Hour specials as well.

Drinks: As I mentioned above, there are always specials, and they have plenty to beer and liquor to choose from.  The margaritas are huge and tasty, and they can be made with a myriad of tequilas.  

Atmosphere: Unlike most of the Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh, Mexico City celebrates and embraces Mexican culture.  Instead of Top 40 or indie music blasting through the dining room, Mexican music plays, and you may even walk into a salsa party.  There are small and large tables; the dining room is large and can accommodate groups of all sizes.  The bar is large too and has big TVs to follow the Steelers or Pens while downing a margarita.  The Wood St. location has one drawback, which is, of course, its location.  Parking is difficult, and you have to get lucky to get a spot on Wood St. anytime before 7PM.

Service: The staff has always been friendly, willing to answer questions and prompt with food and bill.  They will warn you if they are busy and the entree will be served prior to the guacamole, which is personally made at the table.  This doesn't negatively effect dinner at all, but its a nice courtesy to know ahead of time.  They refill your chips/salsa and water often.

(+): authentic Mexican food for a great price, cheap and strong cocktails, friendly service

(-): location

Would I go back again? If I'm downtown, I go out of my way to walk to Mexico City for lunch, dinner, or Happy Hour.  Unfortunately, due to its location, I probably wouldn't drive downtown just to go unless I was really craving a big bowl of guac.