Very good authentic Mexican.

Location is sketchy AF and the diner/dining space ratio is also sketchy. Why it's so spacious beats me absolutely senseless. I have never seen more than 6 or so other tables dining in the 8+ times I've been here.

Other things sketchy about it is the atmosphere; eating in the back of a grocery store with quiet Mexican music in the background in an environment with almost zero noise. The water has been served to me in a pepsi cup, and even in a plain red plastic party cup that you would normally fill beer with. Yup.

The chips are also inconsistent. Sometimes they're multicolored, sometimes they're freshly fried; sometimes you don't even get any unless you ask.

But where's the fun in it if you know what you're going to get every time? I love hole-in-the-walls for a reason. Anyway.

If you speak even a little Spanish like me, use this as a chance to practice your Spanish! They find it amusing and will create a fun, comfortable atmosphere.

Contrary to what other people have said, IMO you CAN go wrong with the menu. Here's what I've tried:

-----

Tacos are good, but not mindblowing. I don't get why these are the most hyped thing on the menu.

Tortas are awesome. Lots of flavor. I love the milanesa and steak tortas.

Quesadillas are really good. Crispy, great cheese, and go swimmingly with a squirt of one of those salsas every couple bites. Pastor was really nice on this one.

The gordita was meh. Not really a fan. If there was no salsa, that thing would've just been bland.

The sopes and tostadas are nice too. They're loaded with meat and other toppings, and they go great with or without the salsas.

I would stay away from any of the plates. I've had one (I forget, it was some steak platter), and it was pretty mediocre. My friend came here with me for the first time and left regretting his decision after ordering one of the plates. One time I remembering ordering the chicken fajita special and it was very underwhelming for the $10 price we paid.

Actually, my advice is to stay away from chicken here in general. Just don't get it. It's just so much worse than the pastor, chorizo, and steak. When I go to Chipotle/Qdoba I always get chicken because it's way better than the other options, but the chicken here doesn't even beat fast food chain chicken for some weird reason.

Pambaso was not impressive. It's basically all starch. It's kind of like two giant pieces of spicy garlic bread with a potato and some chorizo residue mix slapped in between them. It tasted authentic for sure, but authentic does not always translate to tasty, contrary to popular belief.

-----

Anyways, Tienda Los Gemelos is kind of a mixed bag. They have a lot of good, tasty stuff, but some of their items are definitely underwhelming. Regardless, you'll definitely, definitely enjoy at least a few things there.

Go. It's cheap, authentic Mexican.