We went to Paco's Tacos & Tequila this past Saturday night for a late dinner (around 9:00).  It was still pretty crowded, which is impressive considering there's very little signage leading you back to this new restaurant that sits hidden in the back of a parking lot.  I guess word-of-mouth does wonders!  

We were impressed by the transformation from the former Manzetti's to Paco's.  The new decor added to Manzetti's dark wood was perfectly suited for a Tex-Mex place.  

A friend of mine had been recently and recommended (since I like spicy food) the jalapeno margarita.  (I think it was called the "Firestarter" on the menu?)  I ordered it, and it was fantastic.  There were other jalapeno-infused beverages offered that sounded appealing, too.  Mind you, these are ONLY for people who are serious about spicy food; they're damn hot.  Be sure to order a glass of water as an accompaniment!

The chips and salsa they serve (free!) to start were fantastic.  The chips were very light -- both in weight and taste.  I didn't feel like I was truly stuffing myself with them (which was a good thing!).  There were two types of salsa served with it -- a sweet green tomatillo one and a red spicy one (possibly habanero?).  Both tasted incredibly fresh and flavorful.  

As an additional app (because it was late, we were starving, and they sounded so good), we ordered the fried pickle chips and jalapenos.  It was the perfect combination for sharing between spicy food lovers and non-spicy food lovers. 

I ordered two tacos for my entree -- a fish taco and a shrimp taco.  The fish was just okay. I think it's the coleslaw that ruins it for me; I'm not a fan of cabbage.  The BBQ shrimp taco was awesome, though.  I think next time I would order a quesadilla like my partner had, since I don't really need the rice and beans.  The quesadilla was huge, packed full, and came with fresh-made pico de gallo and guacamole (with chunks of avocado in it).    

Would I recommend Paco's?  Heck yeah.  For many reasons.  It's a great casual dining experience, offers drinks and salsas that other Mexican restaurants don't, and it's fun for all.