Don't let the negative reviews scare you! This place is a hidden gem. It's been open for decades, and is family run. I gave 4 stars because I do not know much about the rest of the menu, simply because their bean and cheese burritos with sauce and their strips are SO good I have no need to experiment! I drive an hour to get their food. I feel like that speaks for itself :) 

I'm gonna tackle some issues I've seen in other reviews:

Their sauce is amazing. Hands down. No, it's not super spicy, but the flavour more than makes up for that! It just has this perfect balance of salty, taste, and rich tomato Mexican goodness. I save the baggies to put on my own cooking, Chipotle, filbertos, taco bell... Etc. It is simply without comparison. And the neat little baggies are super convenient! Just tear a little hole in the corner, and you're good to go. No mess, no fuss. 

The beans in their burritos are delicious. They don't just taste like beans, they have a rich yet subtle meat flavour as well. These are the bets beans I've ever had. Can't tell you how many gross, flavorless, mushy, paste like beans I've had. Not here! 

Their strips are so good! I've seen people griping on here that they were given chips, a bag of cheese, and baggies of sauce. Assembling your chips is half the fun, and they are SO GOOD! They use rich good quality cheese, none of that plasticy nonsense, I already talked about the amazing sauce (though honestly I can't say enough about it) and their chips are perfection. Perfectly crunchy, light, crisp, with just the right amount of saltiness. Yum!!!!! 

Their location does looks dated, but it is always absolutely clean and adds to their charm. 

I saw another comment about a woman wearing glasses inside. She has light sensitivity. She isn't wearing them for fashion or to be disrespectful. 

Their prices are pretty good for what you get! Downside is refills cost extra, but just order without ice. 

The service here is amazing, too. On our last visit we ordered food to eat there (outside. Love it!) and burritos to take home. The woman who took our order was very kind, and insisted we take our two burritos out and eat, and she'd bring us the rest of our order when it was ready. We also saw the owners son on our way out. We hadn't seen him for close to a year, yet he remembered us and our last (and first) conversation and where we were living at that time without prompting. You just don't get that anywhere else! 

I've been coming here for almost 10 years. The first time, I remember my friend ordering me a bean and cheese and being like, great. I hate these. I took a bite... And I've been in love ever since I've turned so many friends onto this place, they're just that good! 

I absolutely love elmers and I will keep coming back no matter where I live for as long as their doors are open. When a restaurant is in business for this long, obviously they are doing something right. And think about it. What makes your grandparents secret recipes great? Love and years and years of experience. Elmers is no different!