3 star average for my beloved Zaba's?  Say it ain't so!   I had to scan through all the reviews to get myself prepared to battle and defend Zaba's honor but, you know what, I know where most of them are coming from.  This location just opened in April, and even I, the most diehard of Zaba's fans since I've been visiting their establishments since I was a UNLV student over 15 years ago can admit that I had some shaky experiences here early on.   I think a few times that month after they opened I literally drove across town to the next nearest Zaba's to get my fix.  

I'm happy to report that half a year later, everything is fine and well now!   The shredded beef is consistently seasoned to my liking (a problem early on), and some of the newer staff members then were a little light-handed on portions and have since come around to providing more bang for the buck.  

My usual order is a shredded beef salad with corn and green salsa, but on the weekends I splurge a little with burritos or tacos.   and sour cream.  and cheese.  and chips.  Okay so I always get chips.   I find myself not getting the chicken at this location as much as I used to get it at some of the other ones.  I tend to like it when it gets a nice seasoned char, and more often than not here it doesn't look like it has that nice burnt exterior.   I'm a charred chicken connoisseur.   I'll be honest though I find myself not being upset at the chicken because deep down my heart lies with the shredded beef anyway.   I like Chipotle's Barbacoa but find Zaba's version usually superior, especially when it's seasoned well which as of late it has been.   Then the green salsa here is better than any Chipotle offers IMO.   

My only 2 disappointments are as follows:  

1)  The chips are tasty, but I feel like there's never enough salt on them here. Finding a salty chip in a bag here sometimes is as difficult as finding meaningful lyrics in a Justin Bieber song.  

2) Coca Cola Freestyle.    PEOPLE!   It's 2015.   This isn't a thing anymore.  But I swear every 5 or 6 visits I get someone who stares at it in amazement like it's a portal to Narnia.   Or you get someone who has to examine every option of flavor of Diet Coke Zero before settling on Regular.   Clearly Barqs , Dr Pepper, or Cherry Coke are the only acceptable options anyhow.   

I've given it praise before, but let my close out this review by telling you how much I love the ZIP program they do here.  For every 10 entrees you purchase, you get a free one.   The best part is double point Sundays.   So if you make it a point to come in Sunday and order say, 2 entrees, you're 40% of the way to a free entree.   I come here so much I average a free entree every week and a half.   Another win for the common man.