Halfway along the Apache Trail is a little stop off called Tortilla Flat. For many, this is the place to turn back to Phoenix because the road after is smaller and unpaved.  But if you're committed to taking the entire trail, this is a must stop for a bathroom break.  I also heard a little somethin' somethin' about some Prickly Pear Gelato so yeah, I had to add that to my list of to do's.  You can't miss it, it's right along the trail and it's the first form of civilization you come across.

Tortilla Flat is an authentic remnant of an old west town, nestled in the midst of the Tonto National Forest, in the Superstition Mountain Range. Tortilla Flat started out as a stagecoach stop in 1904.  Tortilla Flat is presumed to be Arizona's smallest official "community" having a U.S. Post Office and voter's precinct. The town has a population of 6. Originally a camping ground for the prospectors who searched for gold in the Superstition Mountains in the mid-to-late 19th century, Tortilla Flat was later a freight camp for the construction of Theodore Roosevelt Dam.

The name "Tortilla Flat" originated from the cowboys who used to drive cattle from Globe to Phoenix. While in Phoenix, rancher Mr. Cline and his fellow cowboys celebrated their sale, and, having a little too much to drink, forgot to get supplies while they were in town. They ended up with only flour to make tortillas when they camped at the flat and were stranded. Lucky for me, they now have Prickly Pear Cactus Gelato!  It's VERY sweet, especially at 10 a.m., but I just had to have it! If I would of had more time, I wish I could have stopped off at the restaurant for a meal.  

If you're looking for more than a fix for your sweet tooth (or jerky, postcards, nuts and tourist junk which can all be had at the general store), the restaurant is the only place to go actually.  There's nothing else around! And it's the only place with a restroom.  The quick view of the walls plastered with dollar bills from visitors all over the world (didn't leave one) and the cutesy painted bathrooms are worth a peek too.