I'm originally from Indiana, and so I'm a gringo transplant. That means my tolerance for spice tends to be a bit on the lower side. El Conquistador's food was spicy, but it was so delicious I couldn't stop eating.

I'm not certain what food some of the reviewers were eating, as it was very obvious to me that nearly EVERYTHING we were served was freshly prepared and made in-store.

There were four of us in our party. I ordered the carne asada ala tampiquen, which came with a cheese enchilada (I got the green sauce), cebollitas, rice, and beans; roommate 1 (a New Mexican native) got the pork chile verde, while roommate 2 and roommate 3 got a carnitas burrito enchilada-style with red sauce.

Before getting into the food, I'll point out the reason why I'm giving a 4 instead of a 5: The service. Now, the older gentleman to whom other reviewers refer was there, as was his wife (I'm assuming they're the owners), and they were both very friendly, but refills on our iced tea were a bit slow. I can't mark them down more than a star for that, though.

On to the food! Chips and salsa are standard Mexican restaurant fare. El Conquistador only does one bowl per couple per table complimentary, and I'm fine with that. The two salsas provided were both very fresca; I loved the fact that the chunkier salsa used Mexican oregano rather than cilantro, as it gave it a very rich taste. The other salsa was good but different - it almost tasted perhaps like it had a bit of bitter chocolate in it, which wouldn't surprise me given the region.

My steak tampiqueña was perfectly-cooked and seasoned, and paired nicely with charred green onion on the hot flour tortillas provided. The guacamole on the side was very obviously fresh (you could smell the avocado, and it had a nice amount of lime juice - something I prefer in my guacamole). The cheese enchilada was velvety and delicious, and the green sauce on it had so much flavor to go along with the heat that even these gringo couldn't stop eating it. The rice also had a good flavor, and the beans had a nice texture and a fresh taste.

I did get to try a bite of the pork chile verde, and it was succulent and spicy - seemed obvious that it had probably been cooking away for several hours, it was so tender. 

I did not try the carnitas burro but I did try the red sauce. I'm not generally a huge fan of red sauce, because to me it often seems like the cooks try to cover up a bad base sauce with too much chipotle and\or heat. But this red sauce was amazing - it had a delicious fresh tomato-y tang to it and just the right amount of spice.

I'm glad that I decided to check Yelp and give this place a try, because I think it's now my new favorite Mexican restaurant in the neighborhood.