Husband and I tried La Paz for lunch today. It actually used to be located much closer to us, in the South End neighborhood, and we had always talked about going but never got around to it before it moved.

Anyway, the setting is nice. Very open and spacious, with great light pouring in from outside. 

Our waitress was prompt with chips (still hot) and two heaping dishes of fresh salsa, which proved spicy and delicious. It's a good blend of chunky and smooth, and has fire-roasted flavors that come through really well.

Husband ordered the Tuesday lunch special - 3 tacos for $6. He chose beef and crispy, though chicken and soft versions are also available.

I was in the mood for something a little fancier, so I went with the Baja Fish tacos, which come in an order of 2 with one side of your choice, all for $11. Honestly, these should be called Seafood tacos, because your choices are cod or shrimp, prepared sauteed or fried, and since I was debating between the two fillers, I asked for a recommendation and went with the waitress's suggestion of shrimp, sauteed. I also asked for corn tortillas instead of the flour ones that come standard with the dish.

We didn't have to wait too long for our entrees to come out, but in the meanwhile, drink and salsa refills were prompt.

Our plates looked awesome when they came out! Husband had 3 heaping crispy tacos filled with ground beef and overflowing with lettuce, cheese and tomatoes. After demolishing his plate, he said that they were pretty good, but that he wished he'd ordered something a little more off the beaten path, and that his meal had sort of reminded him of a higher-quality Taco Bell.

I definitely had the winner of our two plates. Unfortunately, my phone was dead and sitting at home on the charger, or else I'd have some glamour shots to share with you of this beauty. My tacos, packed in two soft corn tortillas each, had three HUGE seasoned shrimp apiece, along with cabbage slaw, a big creamy ripe slice of avocado, and a little slather of spiced crema (described on the menu as "chipotle tartar sauce"). On the side was a tiny pile of mixed greens topped with bright, sweet & tangy mango salsa, and my side of choice, a cup of black beans with some crumbled cotija on top. The shrimp were juicy and bursting with flavor, and all of the components of the dish played well together to compose a veritable symphony for my mouth. I added some of the fire roasted salsa (left over from the chips) for even more kick, but they were great even without it. My beans were awesome too, very flavorful, rich, and with a velvety, creamy texture. I did not want to stop eating those beans, ever, but alas, my stomach ran out of room.

While Husband did not feel that his meal was the best he could have chosen from their varied menu, and said he likely would not order the special again, he was impressed by his tastes of my dish, and by the high quality of the ingredients and service throughout our meal. We'll definitely be back. As for me, I think I might have found a new favorite Mexi joint...