Last night my husband looked at me and said, "I want carne asada!"  Onto Yelp I go to find a good, authentic Mexican restaurant.  We just moved to the area and don't know our neighbors well enough to ask for any suggestions.  It has been hit or miss when it comes to the ratings on Yelp for more than one place since moving to LV.  I will say our visit to Leticia's was a HIT!

We took our two kids with us and had a little bit of a wait to be seated but it was no more than 10 minutes.  We sat in a booth right next to the kitchen so we could smell the food.  We were brought chips, beans and 2 salsas and asked for our drink orders.  My kids ordered sodas while my husband had a Blue Moon and I had a blended strawberry margarita.  We dug into the chips, beans and salsa.  I enjoyed the tomatillo salsa while my husband liked the red salsa and we both loved the beans.  The children ordered off the kids menu; my son had a bean and cheese burrito that came with beans and rice while my daughter ordered a hard ground beef taco which also came with beans and rice but she only wanted the rice.  My husband ordered the street taco platter which offered 3 street tacos with choice of carne asada, al pastor, carnitas or chicken.  He had 2 carnitas and 1 carne asada served with rice and beans.  I ordered the Ensenada taco platter which offered two tacos of your choice of fish or shrimp which I had one of each.

The food arrived fresh, hot and quick.  My husband devoured his taco platter leaving nothing behind.  I would say he enjoyed it!  My son ate all of his burrito and brought his beans and rice home.  My daughter only ate her rice and have of her taco because she was so full.  I only ate the fish taco and a small portion of my rice and beans.  We packed up our leftovers in their to go boxes, which are great and will reuse them!  All in all, our total bill was just under $60 for the 4 of us without the tip.

Pros:
1. Nice variety of offerings on the menu
2.  Chips, salsa and beans.
3. Portion size.

Cons:
1. When my daughter asked for no beans, I asked if they could give her double rice instead.  The kitchen didn't do that.  It wasn't worth sending back for more.
2. Parking- it's a little strange.  There is a parking lot behind/next to the restaurant but it seems odd.
3. The cons aren't deal breakers so we'll be back!