This Mexican restaurant in a locals casino with elegant ambiance  featuring a circular bar front and center, has surprisingly good food at decent prices (around $9.99- $11.99 per entree). It doesn't feel like your typical Mexican restaurant inside- it feels very contemporary. The staff doesn't wear traditional costumes, either.  

This was part one (lunch) of my double-header in-law birthday celebration a couple weekends ago on a saturday afternoon (my husband's parents have birthdays on consecutive days). My MIL had a restaurant.com certificate so we wanted to try this place too. The last few birthdays were spent at a Mexican restaurant too BTW. Anyway, service was on the slow side. It wasn't even crowded; there were a few other parties besides us, but it was far from being busy. 

The salsa and chips were really good. I like the spicy one and mixed some bean dip in one bowl with it, when the server brought us more. My husband got the chicken fajita burrito (came with rice and beans), I got the sampler (I couldn't really make up my mind so I chose something with lots of choices- beef nachos, cheese dip, cheese quesadillas, 4 taquitos, and 4 chicken wings), my MIL's husband got the taco combo plate (also came with rice and beans), and my MIL got the beef fajitas. My husband's burrito was so big that he only ate half! It kinda looked like a football. My nachos were good, but because I had chips and salsa, I did not finish it. The taquitos were really good, but then again, I love cilantro (hubby's not a fan). The cheese dip was in a good sized bowl- my husband liked it alot, and I gave half to my MIL to take home. The quesadillas were good, but it's hard to mess up something kinda basic. The chicken wings I didn't touch but offered it up to my husband and MIL, who then said it didn't have too much flavor and was heavily battered (I try not to eat chicken wings these days.) 
My MIL's beef fajitas were really good- the beef was so buttery soft, that I might order that the next time we go here (this is saying something since I'm not huge on red meat, I'll eat it if it's there, but I don't have to have it; I eat chicken on most days). My MIL's husband finished his tacos. We were all full but we indulged in fried ice cream afterward (what's a birthday without dessert?).

So basically my high marks are based on the salsa, and food overall at reasonable prices, since the service could've been better, considering there were just a few other parties besides us. He checked on us once during the whole meal. And we might check it out again if we have a certificate.