This place is now called Juliobertos, and I have found that this location has slightly spicier food, so it is my current favorite.  As with any Fill-In-The-Bertos, you have to know what to expect, and know what to order.  Here is a quick guide to a pleasant experience:

1.  What time is it?  If it is 2:40 a.m. and you spent the entire night at your favorite bar hitting on every girl there, but you are in the long Berto's line alone at 3 a.m., order whatever sounds good, and lots of it.  You aren't as attractive and smart as you thought you were when you were drunk, so you might as well go home, eat yourself into a stupor, and pass out watching infomercials.  These recommendations are for you, you fat tub of lard:

a.  Cheese quesadilla 
b.  Shredded beef tacos (minimum of 3)
c.  Rolled Tacos (one order to eat while you drive home)
d.  Any burrito on the menu

2.  It is dinnertime, you have had a long day, and your wife says bring home some Mexican food.  You are tired, and don't want to stop at a sit down restaurant and wait for the hostess to remember your food that is sitting in the kitchen.  You pull into Berto's drive thru.  There menu is huge, and a lot of their food is junk food, but there are a few gems on the menu:

a.  Can't go wrong with the burritos.  I personally love the chile relleno burrito, the carnitas burrito, and the carne asada burrito.  Get the green sauce with these.  I get a side of jalapenos with them too.

b.  Tacos: chicken or shredded beef-- Stay away from any Berto's fish tacos or seafood in general!  I've tried and tried, but have never had a good seafood anything here.   Get the red salsa with these.  Stay away from the rolled tacos too, they are not food.

c.  Never get a combo dinner plate.  The rice and beans are crap, the enchilada sauce is pathetic, and it is all going to leak out of the to-go box, through the bag and into your seat.  Stick with the burritos and tacos.


3.  What?  You still think this place is no good?  Your expectations are just silly, and your opinion is uninformed.  Fill-In-The-Bertos is a sacred temple to those who know  what they like.  If you are like me, and think onions are God's gift to food, you should like this place.  Stick with the above guidelines, and you too will be a satisfied customer!

Stay hungry my friends!