Sorry about the length but thought all was pertinent for an accurate review.

GREAT FRESH MEXICAN SEAFOOD!! We got a tip from my husbands coworker to try this place out. We went the same day because we were very excited to try some fresh seafood. It is in a location that could make some get a little uneasy... I will explain.
We walked in & immediately saw that EVERYONE had a large abundance of shrimp on their plates in all different styles. One of the waitresses signaled for us to find a seat. They brought chips & salsa as soon as we sat down. We started off with drinks... my husband had the margarita which was large & tasty, and I had a pina colada which was good. When we looked over the menu we wanted to order everything! They had pictures & it all looked delicious! He ordered a fish plate with rice & salad. It was a large piece of flounder covered with a cream sauce filled with shrimp & octopus... Wow! Very good! I decided on the shrimp salad with avocado. I have this thing with wanting my salads chopped for easier eating & I was happy to see it came chopped!! except the shrimp of course - those were whole, fresh & cooked perfectly. It had what seemed like an endless amount of avocado - impressive! I also got a fish taco a la carte - it was deep fried (all right by me) and then they give you your own squeeze bottles full of sauces to top it off yourself which I thought was ideal. It was all great!
Did I mention our food came out lightening fast? It was only a matter of minutes- less than 5 for sure!

I don't want to sugar coat the atmosphere... there was a guy who came in to get some relief from the hot concrete he apparently called home. There was a nice patron who bought him a beer & maybe some food - didn't stick around long enough to see that- but that patrons brother got up to stop him because he said the restaurant didn't want him there! It caused a minor scene, but the brother did not win... the guy sat drinking his cold beer - that made us feel good to know there were good people willing to step out & do a good deed!! The situation didn't really bother us at all. Then there was a young (young!) boy who came in that was peddling for money & who you could tell was sadly hooked on serious drugs. He did score a small donation before he was asked to leave & did so without incident. My husband wanted to kidnap him & get him some help because he was very young & it was a hard truth to ignore, but we ended up just hoping the best for him. Very sad. Bottom line- those were minor occurrences in a room full of ordinary people.
That is my story about my trip to Restaurant Sinaloa! All in all, we left there saying we can't wait to return!!! This place is about food & if you can overlook the location & some peoples battle with life, it is a must try!