As previously stated in other reviews... I love me some Tacos...  And as such, I'm always in search for real, authentic flavorful tacos...  

I was helping out a friend near this area of town and I was hungry, so I got on Yelp and searched for "tacos".

This place showed up.  The whole name caught my eye since here in Vegas you really can't find a decent burrito and I grew up in Juarez, although I really didn't think the name was because of the city... but more of a family last name.  I skimmed the reviews and saw the word "barbacoa" and I just had to see if this was for real.

I got there right before closing and was very disappointed that they only sell "barbacoa" on the weekend (I stopped here on a Monday night).

As I walked in, the whole "Ciudad Juarez" came into focus.  The guy at the counter was very helpful, nice and friendly.  He apologized for not having what I was looking for, so I settled for some carne asada and pastor tacos.

I hadn't noticed that there was a 3rd person in the back.  As I talked more and more to the counter guy about Juarez and the food and such, the guy from the back said that they had a bit of leftover barbacoa from the night before.  They asked me if I wanted to switch my order and that they'd make me barbacoa tacos instead.  I decided that I'd take my original order plus an order of barbacoa.

For a simple to-go order of 8 tacos, the service was slow, but again, I appreciated the fact that they had the barbacoa that I was looking for so I'm letting this slide... for now.

I got my food and brought it home.  They wrapped each taco in aluminum foil - a waste of foil if you ask me, as each square can easily hold 3 or 4 tacos of the same food type.  

The carne asada tacos were very good.  I've had better, even at the Roberto's by my place (although I am a regular at said Roberto's, so they already know what I want and how my order goes), but I can definitely order them again.

The pastor tacos were good.  Can't complain too much on these as I love pastor.  Flavor was there...  but they could've had a bit more meat in them.

Now for the main event... tacos de barbacoa.  What can I say about this...

HOLY TOLEDO... FINALLY, REAL BARBACOA IN LAS VEGAS!!!  (Is this to subtle???)

The barbacoa was DELICIOUS!!!

A bit on the greasy side, but nothing you can't fix with a couple of napkins.

I have to say that Burritos Juarez has found a new customer.  Prices could be a bit cheaper on the tacos since they use small size tortillas but charging Roberto's pricing (and Roberto's uses the larger corn tortillas)

I can definitely recommend this place to anyone and you won't regret it...

--

That being said as my review, I want to add something about this place for people talking about the "Chicos" tacos.

"Chicos Tacos" is a restaurant in El Paso, Texas (and there also used to be one in Juarez by the Parque Borunda if I recall correctly, but that one closed down a while back... I think)

"Chicos Tacos" is an acquired taste; people either love them or hate them.  The type/style is basically small flautas (or what people in the US call "taquitos") served in a small paper container similar to the ones used for nachos.  They are then drenched/soaked with a broth type soup/watery tomato liquid and topped off with american cheese.

I personally prefer the regular, traditional Mexican flautas with cheese and Mexican style crema (not sour cream).