Would you believe me if I said that I never ate at a Mad Mex until recently? I think this once again has to do with little me's disliking of Mexican-type foods and eateries. Fortunately, adult me has much better taste than little me, which means I get to enjoy Mad Mex in all of its glory now.

I've been at this location a couple times the last couple of months and it hasn't let me down yet. The first time I wanted to get in on the Gobblerito trend that half of my coworkers were enjoying during November, so I ordered that and a frozen margarita. Both were pretty darn awesome - I took half of my massive Thanksgiving burrito home and proceeded to eat nothing but that and more Thanksgiving food for the next few days. Most notable from that first visit was the fact that even though the place was hopping, the service was super quick. In fact my waitress came and asked about my drink order before I'd even opened the drink menu - it was just that quick. The kitchen had my meal ready super quickly as well and I was out the door in under a hour. Pretty darn impressive considering just how busy they were that night.

Since then Mad Mex hasn't disappointed. The service hasn't been AS prompt since then but it's certainly been reasonable, and the speed in the kitchen makes up for any order delays. I practically devoured my shrimp, spinach and mushroom quesadilla during my last visit - talk about a meal with lots of my favorite ingredients! Ingredients, I must add, which were all well cooked and seasoned and mixed together in the right varieties, resulting in a well-balanced and flavorful meal. I also remain absolutely in LOVE with their variety of margaritas, which are impressively strong and delicious no matter what size drink you order.

Really, my only complaint is their need to play loud background noise to "set the mood" for the place - I'd never want to bring a large group here because of the soundtrack they've got going. One or two people talking to each other over that noise is enough for me. But hey, as long as they've got good food and awesome drinks, I'll keep coming back, annoying background noise or not!