I went there for their weekday lunch buffet. As others had mentioned, it's clearly a made-over restaurant from some other chain -- dark wood paneling with some Mexican paintings on the walls and plastic decorations from the rafters. The booth, while serviceable, had plastic seats which had been torn and repaired with some kind of vinyl tape on top. So this is not the place for ambiance.

Unlike others, I found  the service quite good. I was seated almost immediately, the table was kept clear, the waiter came back regularly to check on things. I noticed that the buffet was continually being refreshed, and never ran out of anything. However, there place was not crowded, so I don't know if that was a factor.

Nothing was marked -- one of my major annoyances with any buffet. However, I grabbed a passing waiter and he cheerfully walked through every dish explaining what it was. If I recall, there was chicken fajitas, some spicy beef strips, shredded chicken, taco meat, beef burrito, chicken burrito, chicken enchilada, chicken taquito, roasted chicken, chili relleno (beef), cheese quesadilla, some kind of pork vegetable soup, tortillas, chips, taco shells, taco salad shells and the usual taco fillings (cheese, sour cream, guacamole, various salsas (all spicy), jalapenos (not spicy), shredded lettuce). Rice and refried beans. Watermelon and orange pieces for desert. All of it was passing -- not great Mexican food, pretty bland. Frankly, I think the spicy chicken burrito, various types of bean and cheese burritos, and 7-layer burritos at Taco Bell taste better. But if you like chips and taco stuff, then it's a pretty good place.

It gets the four stars as a relative marking -- good service, mediocre food, cheap price. At a higher price, the rating would start dropping.

One last comment: while La Hacienda is in Century III mall, you can only get into it from an outside door. The mall is sealed off on the inside where the restaurant is located (though it still shows on the mall's directory). If you get to a blank wall next to Foot Locker where the map says the restaurant is located, just go outside the little exit door next to Foot Locker and go around the outside to get in.