Los Sombreros (downtown Scottsdale) is one of my husband's favorite restaurants but due to its location and small parking lot, it wasn't one of our frequent dining destinations. Now that a location opened up down the street from us in North Scottsdale, we are so happy! We came here opening weekend and were surprised to find it wasn't packed. There were a few diners outside enjoying the lovely patio and a smattering of folks inside. The actual inside has tons of room - a front dining area that leads into the bar, a side dining area, and a back dining area. We originally wanted to sit outside, but after finding it a bit chilly we decided to move inside. We sat at a nice booth that faced the bar and open kitchen. This location's design choices seem drastically different from the Downtown location - more of a family friendly/Mexican chain feeling. This isn't bad in anyway, just different. It is still very nicely decorated and I loved the tables and large glass mirrors. 

To start, I ordered the margarita de coco (a coconut margarita) and my husband ordered La Damiana (a margarita with Damiana liquer).  Since it was opening weekend, it took a long time for our drinks to arrive. My husband wasn't too impressed with his drink, but he wanted to try something new so that's on him. I knew perfectly well how a coconut margarita should taste and mine wasn't very coconutty. The pineapple juice really overpowered the drink. It was good, but not what I was expecting. After our drinks arrived, complimentary chips and salsa arrived. They were good to munch on, since we were hungry and couldn't wait for our meals to arrive.

Halfway through our drinks (and we are slow drinkers) our meals finally arrived. I ordered the Puerco en Chipotle because that is my favorite - slow cooked pork in a chipotle sauce with a sprinkling of cheese on top. Simple, yet oh-so delicious. Normally, my husband and I would order this and split but we decided to get our own dishes that night. Good thing we did because the portions were much smaller than the portions served up at the downtown Los Sombreros location. It was still delicious. My husband ordered the Camarones Al Tequila - which are shrimps in a chipotle cream sauce and some bacon. It was uber yummy. My husband really enjoyed his meal. 

Overall, our food was fantastic and tasted the same as the Downtown location. Taste-wise, it met our expectations. The drinks and service could use some improvement, but it was opening weekend. Our server was extremely nice and constantly smiling. She even apologized for the slowness and gave us a coupon to use for our next visit. It was a very nice touch and we will definitely be back.