Should I preface this review with my usual, "I don't usually go for _______" and then go into the reasons why I like this place? I am known for choosing the second option if given the choice, but I have been more open when it comes to this cuisine.

Having worked in a Mexican restaurant for three years. Keep your jokes about the role reversals to yourselves. That is probably one of the reasons why I am not that fond of food from south of the border. I am the minority in a group that loves Mexican and Tex-Mex food. 

Located behind the convenience store, this place is easily overlooked if you are not searching for it. I almost didn't find it even though I was on a mission. 

The restaurant was empty, so we were the focus. It probably would have been the same if there were others there as well. The lady working the front was friendly and quick to check up on us. As soon as we sat down, we were given a basket of chips and a bowl of salsa. Both are bottomless. They offer a salsa bar, but none of the other salsas taste as good as the pico de gallo. 

We had ordered water to drink, but when she came back I was surprised that she brought bottled water. It is a dollar, if you don't want to pay, make sure to clearly state tap. This just added to the authenticity of my visit. I pretended that we were in Mexico and it was unsafe to drink the tap water.

Thanks to a friend, every time I go to a Mexican restaurant I wonder how their carnitas are. I ordered the slow cooked pork in a burrito with guacamole and asked for it smothered in the green chili sauce. The burrito is large, stuffed with meat, rice, beans, and a good helping of the green stuff. It was fantastic. The pork was juicy without being too fatty. My only complaints are that the carnitas were overly seasoned and none of the salsas packed any heat. If not for the other ingredients, the burrito would have been extremely salty. My friend had ordered the vegetarian burrito with the same extras as I. She loved that they had sauteed cabbage in addition to the normal peppers and onions. 

For both of our meals, it came out to twenty one dollars and some change. I would not think twice about coming back here again.