I'm a Mexican food junkie. After saying about a billion times to my hubby, "you know, we really should check out Verde", we finally made it happen last Friday on the 4th of July. Yeah, we recognize the irony of celebrating the birth of America with some Pollo en Mole. Actually, is that irony?  I'm never sure if I use that word correctly. Maybe I should consult with Alanis Morrisette..

Anyhow, so we scrounged up a few friends and headed over to Verde around 8pm on Friday. The place was pretty much deserted, since all of the other good patriots were downtown watching the fireworks. I loved the decor -- modern and hip with cultural flair (but not over-the-top loud like some other Mexican restaurants' decor tends to be).

We were seated immediately and greeted by a very friendly waitress. I ordered the first of what turned out to be four (yes, four -- hey, it was America's b-day!) mojitos of the evening. Holy minty, smooth, sugary, rummy goodness Batman!  It was mojito perfection. I love the raw sugar cane stick they serve in it.  Probably one of the best mojitos I've ever had.

The food was equally as delicious. We started with some chips and salsa. I normally get grumpy when I have to pay for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant, but I have to say that at Verde, I didn't mind, because the hot chipotle salsa was amazing. Smoky, spicy, sweet, deeelicious. Totally worth the $3.

The yumminess continued with my chicken tacos. Super moist and flavorful. Yes, they were pricey at $5 bucks a pop (perhaps a bit overpriced), but I was at least 2 mojitos in by that point and didn't care :)  One of our friends got the aforementioned Polle en Mole, of which I stole several bites, and that was really flavorful as well. Overall, 5 stars for the food and drink!

So, 5 stars for the fare and libations, Tricia -- then why 4 stars overall? Well, dear Yelp reader, good question. As much as it pains me, I need to deduct a star for service. Our server wasn't inattentive or rude -- she came over many times to check on us and was quite friendly. The problem was that she was just  -- how can I say this nicely? -- she just needed to work on her "remembering" skills.  There were multiple instances throughout the night where she brought out the wrong items or just plain forgot something that we ordered.  A few examples -- my friend asked for more chips and salsa. Never came. He asked again - again, she forgot. Finally, after the third time asking, he got his chips. I was drinking mojitos all night, yet twice she brought me a margarita instead. My hubby asked for corn tortillas for his tacos, but instead he received flour tortillas. Mistake after mistake kept happening, and after awhile it was almost comical. We were her only table, so I'm not sure how she could be so forgetful. So, I have to take off a star for lack of accuracy in fulfilling our requests. That being said though, I will most definitely be back for some more chicken tacos and an IV of mojitos. Good times!