Finally something close to home that is not a Roberto's!

I've been searching for a place to grab some legit tacos without it being a sit-down restaurant or making a drive outside of Henderson for quite sometime. I turned to yelp for my search and they recommended this place. Thanks yelp, I owe you one. 

Upon arrival today, 1/16/13, I thought the place was closed. The inside was dark compared to the Port of Subs and Smoke shop it sits in between. Yet to have eaten, I exited the car with my fingers crossed. The door was unlocked - yes! With no one in sight, not even an employee, i walked up to the counter. (If i had to cook the food myself i would have, i was starving.) Luckily, an employee popped her head from behind the kitchen. She was kind and let me know that all the tacos were a $1.40, even the carne-asada tacos which are usually more expensive at other places i've been. I ordered four (two chicken, one pork, one carne) with everything, to go. 

As I drove home, the delicious scent of the tacos were louder than my sound system. I picked up the bag to get a better whiff. Somehow it escaped me but the tacos were not in a box or container, but on a paper plate wrapped in tin-foil. For some reason, I liked it! It made me feel like i just came from a house party and took someones mothers authentic home-cooked tacos as a parting gift. 

The tacos were STUFFED with meat. So much, that i had to take the second layer of tortilla and make a makeshift additional taco. (Am i the only who does that?) The chicken, was good. The carne-asada, not the best.(probably wouldn't get it again) The pork, the pork literally brought tears to my eyes, the reason why i'm even writing this, is for the pork taco. All praises to the pork taco. 

I have to go back and get more of the pork tacos, maybe even tomorrow - maybe even tonight. When ever i do return, i definitely want to dive more into the menu as well. 

With the price and quality of the meat per taco, I recommend this place. The carne-asada may have been a fluke today and thats the only reason i can't give it a full 5-stars.

Until next time. And if you know of a place (preferably in Henderson) with similar prices and tacos that you think are just a good - let me know.