Without the Yelp $20 for $10 deal we may have never really given El Regio much thought.  I would have just ended up at a Roberto's.  But wow are we glad we visited!

The wifey recognized the owners of El Regio because they used to own a Mexican restaurant by her work that closed down on Rancho.  She was glad to see they were still in business because they used to make some killer (and killer cheap) breakfast burritos.  So a plus on that one.  But a minus too because it made me think, "If they closed down their other place, was it because of the food?"  Luckily (not so luckily for them), turns out I think the owner of the building decided to sell.  Their old restaurant was demolished almost immediately after closing, and what sits there now is a brand new Checker's (which I might add I was 1st to review).

El Regio is pretty off the beaten path, located between a gas station & convenience store, and a do-it-yourself pet grooming place.  Totally non-descript.  Let your eyes wander too far down the road and you just might miss the turn into the parking lot.  Upon entering, the restaurant is fairly small.  Good guess would be that they cater to the take-out crowd.  But they do have 4-5 small tables where you can dine-in.  

The menu at El Regio is very similar in style and tone of that of your local Roberto's.  Easy to read, and includes lots of pictures.  This day, the family was in a carne asada mood.  Really, carne asada for everyone!  We were naughty, naughty, naughty in our choices.  We shared:

-Carne Asada Nachos
-Carne Asada French Fries
-Carne Asada Burrito

Steak crazy!  For good measure I got one of their special cheap combos, a Chicken Burrito with a drink for only $3.99.  You know, just to lighten the meaty mood.

Verdict?  Holy crap were we stuffed!  Greasy, cheesy, gooey, it was all there in spades.  Fatty goodness!  Please do not go to a place like El Regio and expect it to be overly healthy.  They do have a salsa bar that is complete with cucumbers, and marinated carrots & jalapenos...but that's about as far as organic it goes.  Like the old proverbs go, "If you destroy, destroy completely" we pulled off a "187 on an undercover cop" and murdered almost all that glorious carne asada!  There was A LOT to go around.  It's funny how places like El Regio builds with a thin layer of carbs on the bottom, a heaping layer of steak, a heaping layer of cheese, and a healthy scoop of sour cream & guacamole.  Healthy.  It's like they know carbs are bad and we should all be on the Atkins Diet!  

Carne asada nachos and fries were good, but like I said the layer of chips or fries to meat is skewed.  Much bigger portion of meat than carb.  Which for me = good.  I rather have more meat and cheese than more chip or fry.  These trays were pretty heavy.  I had to hold myself back from eating too much red meat in one sitting.  Good thing there was four of us to share.  There was a lot of food.  

The carne asada burrito wasn't skimpy either.  Loaded with just steak, pico de gallo, and guacamole.  Fat burrito.  We only managed to finish half of it.  I liked the chicken burrito because it actually had lots going on.  Marinated shredded chicken, Mexican rice, and pinto beans.  It was lighter which was good, I needed it to help cut through all the meat I had just eaten.  

The only real complaint any of us had was that the carne asada was a bit heavy-handed on the onions.  There was a lot more raw chopped onion on our dishes than we would have liked.  No big deal though, next time we'll just request little or no onion in our order.  

Prices are reasonable as well.  Running about the same rate as Roberto's so it really comes down to preference or location.  With multiple Roberto's locations its kinda got El Regio beat.  But for those on this side of town you should really give El Regio a try.  With my $20 for $10 coupon I only had to pay an extra $7 out of pocket.  A steal for all this food.  We had leftovers!  Which I happily took to work for lunch the next day.  Along with some Tic-Tacs.