I love the University City area since this is where we chose to move about 11 years ago.  I have been eating at Fiesta Maya for so long I can't even remember when it opened and I have outlasted all but one of the servers and a manager as there has been a  change in manager in the last year from the original when it opened.  When we moved here, I asked about a Mexican Restaurant and was disappointed by all that I was recommended- Monterrey, Azteca, Zapatas, and another that I don't even think is open anymore. I had given up on finding a Mexican restaurant that I would like up here and then  Fiesta Maya opened.   I was so happy!!!

The enchiladas suiza are very good- for the review criticizing the sauce, how do you think they make a Monterey Jack cheese sauce?  They also have sour cream on top along with the guacamole salad and rice.  The lunch specials are your standard fare: Speedy Gonzales, burrito, taco rice, etc. but are at a very good price.    The enchilada verdes is made with a good tomatillo sauce ( I am picky about my green sauce) and the fajitas are good as well, though they don't have the most taste with the meat.   Refried beans are solid, tacos have plenty of yummy Monty Jack on top and the brown sauce on the regular enchiladas is good, too.  The new manager brought in a new cook, I think, because some of the items are made a little better than before and maybe changed the food service company.  I have been in when the chips are stale, but then they aren't made fresh on site, either, and the salsa is pretty good.

We are regulars, so they make a comment about missing  us when several weeks go by and we haven't been in.  I would think that description right there would suffice to say all you need to know about the quality of  this restaurant, but then what you are looking for may be different than myself.  They are friendly and I usually have the same two waiters.  For the price, you can certainly afford to give it a try. I don't think you will be disappointed.