My wife and I chose Serrano's for dinner because they were among the local restaurants donating a portion of their proceeds today to the Chandler Center for the Arts. We appreciate their support. One of the bonuses of eating there tonight is that Miss Tempe, Miss Mesa, and Miss Teen Mesa, if I remember correctly, were going from table to table soliciting additional contributions and offering customers the opportunity to sign up for a raffle. Never before had I been in the presence of such royalty.

But you were wanting to know about the restaurant. The food was average. Not bad by any means, but mild and aimed at the masses. The portion sizes were big. The prices were reasonable.

We were both pleased to find vegetarian entrees on the menu. I ordered spinach enchiladas with green sauce and sides of rice and black beans. My wife ordered a big honking burro. I tasted it, and it was good but clearly not memorable because I don't remember what was in it. She was pleased to have been offered the choice of green or red sauce. She chose green. It came with red. We let it slide. She ordered a raspberry margarita. She liked it. I tasted it, and found it both too sweet and too tangy. I could barely taste the tequila.

Major kudos to Josh, our waiter-in-training who was shadowing a more experienced server. He did a bang-up job considering it was his was first night. He was friendly and attentive without being too friendly and attentive. I threw him a curve ball by ordering a Diet Pepsi with a splash of Cherry Pepsi, but he came through for me. I was surprised the server he was shadowing didn't remind him to offer us dessert. But that's OK. We wouldn't have had room anyway.

The décor was a pleasant, understated, mildly outdated Mexican theme with faux hardwood floors, hand stenciling on the walls, and vertical saguaro ribs above the seats. We liked that they played Mexican music over the sound system, even though they didn't venture beyond hackneyed tunes such as "Guadalajara." Few things in life are more aggravating than walking into a Mexican restaurant that plays whatever music the staff likes. Mexican food and Air Supply just don't mix.

Serrano's isn't our favorite restaurant in downtown Chandler, but then they have stiff competition. It would be an excellent choice for entertaining out-of-towners. We will be back. Eventually.