Since moving to Cave Creek, Carefree Station has become our "Go-To" place (we miss you, Red Onion and Hawthorn Grill, back in Ohio!).  Food is always fantabulous, service friendly and efficient without being unctuous, great ambiance whether you dine in, on the roof patio, or in the garden.  We did have issue with a steak one time---very gristle-y---within moments, the server and manager teamed up to take care of the problem with charm and grace.  The mushroom soup is to die for---keep your fingers crossed it's on offer when you dine there,  Thursday night, we had the sushi nachos---I had to fight DH (who SWEARS he hates sushi) for my fair share.  After our Asian moment, we decide to go Mexican that night---DH got the chicken carnitas.  Server recommended the masa taco shell.  Masa---isn't that the soft corn stuff they wrap around tamales?  Somehow CS makes it works, deep frying it to this incredible crunchy, moist container for delicious roasted meats and veggies.  My veggie chile relleno...well...  We have lived in AZ for almost 5 months now and I have only found one great relleno (a little taco shop off I-17 in Camp Verde called Gabriellas).  I admit I was torn between the duck tacos with mango-habanero sauce and the chile relleno, but oh, how I wanted one (miss you Sammy's El Pueblo!) and I mean, we are talking about Carefree Station...how could it go wrong?  It did.  Talk about a chef going one step too far.  I can't argue about the stuffing---cheesy, corny, beany----yum!---but the pepper was---yuck!  It tasted like it was pickled.  I offered DH a bite without commenting---his first words after the taste was: "tastes like Peter Piper's Pickled Peppers---what the h***?"  And then instead of the usual beans and rice accompaniments---whole wheat spaghetti?  (And no, the menu was NOT clear about what to expect!)  After the many fab meals we have had at CS and the to-die-for sushi nachos---what a let down.  Sometimes, chefs need to say no, I will not screw with a classic.  On the other hand, if this is the only time Carefree Station done me wrong, I got no complaints and---as ever---we'll be back.  Keep those sushi nachos cold for me!