Whoa Nellie...really...a 1st to review!  Been forever since I seen one these for me!

Roberto's Taco Shop was one of the very first places I tried Mexican food when I arrived at UNLV in 1996.  Prior to that, on Maui many of us locals thought Taco Bell was as authentic as we were ever gonna get.  Boy were my taste buds surprised!  And now, many years later I still keep Roberto's Taco Shop in mind when I want some cheap, hearty Mexican eats.

I'm guessing this Roberto's is fairly new because it hasn't been reviewed yet!  And I can't really find this location on their website yet either.  It's located in the same shopping center on N. Decatur where Walmart is.  It's also very close to where the Goldilocks bakery used to reside, which is sadly now closed.  Bring back the pandesal!  Now I gotta drive my A$$ all the way over to Maryland Parkway for my Filipino pastry fix!

If you're a fan of Roberto's, you know the standard Mexican fare.  Yes, I realize many of you especially those of you who are really Mexican, think Roberto's is like the McDonald's of Mexican food.  And yes, I realize there is much better Mexican food out there.  But damn, it's so easy to find a Roberto's near me!  Almost no matter where I am in town I am able to easily find a Roberto's nearby.  When Chipotle is not an option, and Taco Bell and Del Taco constantly give me random cramping, and I still have the urge for some carne asada?  I will hit up Roberto's no doubt.

This Roberto's is particularly clean (I'm guessing because it's new) and bright in color.  Somehow the color of orange mixed with lime green always reminds me of papayas.  I guess it just works for them.  I also read somewhere that bright colors invite feelings of hunger.  Nice psychological marketing ploy for Roberto's!  The menu at this Roberto's is also no different than the other ones in town, which is welcoming for me because I am pretty familiar with their menu.  

I know I shouldn't but I usually stick with the fattiest things I can find on their menu.  Those are the things I first fell in love with when I at Roberto's back in the day.  Beware, eating this stuff on a daily basis can raise cholesterol levels, and turn you into a Fatty McFat Fat!  So please handle with some restraint.  The family and I shared:

-Carne Asada Nachos - covered in marinated steak, tons of fresh shredded cheese, sour cream, and guacamole
-Carne Asada Quesadilla - burrito sized tortilla folded, loaded with marinated steak, and more of that shredded cheese

Mind you, this was supposed to be a snack!  These two items easily filled up the four of us.  As usual, the Carne Asada Nachos were on point, tasty!  It always makes me laugh that these nachos come with a small layer of nacho chips, and loaded with meat, cheese, and toppings.  You usually have to grab a fork to eat the rest of the delicious carne asada.  Or get an extra order of chips.  The quesadilla was good as well.  Oily for sure, but damn good.  Meat - Cheese - Tortilla - Repeat.  Fat = Flavor is the notion at Roberto's, and it sticks!

I am also a fan of Roberto's rolled tacos, and their tortas.  Try their lengua in a burrito, some of the best damn tongue you've ever had!  Well, relatively speaking.  Yes, their tongue is very good indeed.

What I also love about Roberto's is their complimentary salsa bar.  Load up on red and green sauces, but don't forget helpings of fresh cut cucumbers, radishes, green onion, and pickled carrots!  All to cleanse the palette and cool down the senses.  Or grab a cup of Horchata to go with your Mexican meal.  Refreshing!

Service here is friendly, and super fast.  Prices are very nice and cheap, definitely on par with other fast food joints you go to.  Ole!