Even though it's in our neighborhood, it's just one of those places that we have somehow passed up. We thought it was a rather odd/dead area to make a restaurant, but when we walked in it was rather bumping. 

They brought over the chips and dips and it wasn't a afterthought. The chips were warm and they included a chipotle salsa, a smaller spicier green salsa and warm refried beans. Now, I never get my combo plates with beans because most disappoint me so I get all rice. As we were waiting and I took a bite of the beans it's the closest to my abuelas I've gotten. I don't any beans but hers because hers has a porky flavor from the lard and the bones she cooked the beans with. I started to ignore the salsa and I was eating the beans which really surprised my BF since he hasn't seen me touch refried beans the whole time we're together. 

I ordered a horchata ($3) to drink and it was worth noting how it's different from a soda dispenser taco shop mix. It is much creamier and you can see large pieces of fresh spices in it. 

For my entree I got the chile verde with all rice and corn tortillas ($10.89). The sauce had some kick to it and it had potatoes in it which I've never had before. The pork was very soft and juicy. 

BF got enchiladas and got one carnitas one with chile verde sauce and one cheese with mole sauce ($11.89). He enjoyed both and liked that you didn't have to order only one kind which most places tend to do. 

We had room for dessert and couldn't decide between Sopapillas or Churros so we got both. Sopapillas (3 in an order) were crispy with a soft center and they came with packets of honey (which makes it much easier to drizzle) and whipped cream. They were sprinkled with cinnamon sugar which the BF said next time he'll order without since he kinda likes it when it's just simple honey. Churros (4 pieces) came with whipped cream and your choice of dipping sauces- we chose cajeta/mexican caramel and raspberry sauce.  Pretty good and I like that they have a variety of sauces to choose from. I forgot the price for both, but they were pretty reasonable between $2-$3.

Service was really friendly, outgoing and caring. The entire staff was very pleasant from our server, to the hostess, to the bussers. 

I was not feeling well and I was really cranky when I came to eat. Sometimes that can make a meal a bit less impressive so I think it says a lot when it can break through that and improve my mood even. 

With the quality of food and the friendly service it definitely is a place I'll come back to.