I had not had Chiles en Nogada since I was employed in Phoenix... when Barrio Cafe first got it's start in 2002. My visit this week coincided with Mexican Independence Week (September 16). Now is a good a time as any to revisit a delectable, beautifully presented Chiles en Nogada... Barrio Cafe style.

My old friend, who was with me today, was forced by me to try out this entree... just as he was with me at Richardson's Cuisine of New Mexico ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/richardsons-cuisine-of-new-mexico-phoenix#hrid:KyAh3bMnKqz4P2xTx6Wl6g ) on 16th Street and Bethany Home yesterday. 

On the menu today...

Chiles en Nogada (**** $21.00) Roasted Poblano Pepper stuffed with marinated Chicken, Onions, Garlic, Pecans, Apples, Pears and Apricots topped with a delicate Almond Sauce and Pomegranate Seeds. First of all, Barrio Cafe has diverged from the name of the entree and how the entree derives it's name. Chiles en Nogada literally means Chiles with Walnut Sauce.... not Almond Sauce. Traditionally, this entree is stuffed with Hamburger or slow marinated Pork... not Chicken. This doesn't bother me that much.... the entree was still delicate and delectable! There is a nice diversity of textures when you consume this Relleno, which is served only after Mexican Independence Day. The Pomegranate Seeds "pop" nicely in your mouth as you crunch on them; there is a sweet flavor from the Apple, Pear, and Apricot bits. The savory flavor from the Chicken, Onions, and Garlic provides a nice contrast with the sweetness from the fruit bits. Folks, there isn't much time before Pomegranate season is over with. Try it out!

I have to qualify my initial statement that I hadn't had Chiles en Nogada for seven years... I live in Lodi, California now... and I convinced the owner of an upscale, but affordable Mexican restaurant - Alebrijes Mexican Bistro ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/alebrijes-mexican-bistro-lodi#hrid:hV7e7lPCf5qn7sOW0Tyz6g ) to prepare Chile en Nogada for me! Alebrijes prepares their Chile en Nogada in the more traditional manner with ingredients specified in the original recipe. If you're in Northern California....

Despite the impression I'm giving that I'm bashing Barrio Cafe's preparation of Chiles en Nogada.... One thing that Barrio does correctly is present the Poblano Chile as if it was roasted... the Chile is a very dark green in color. And the overall flavor tastes South of the Border... whereas the Alebrijes Chile is just too perfect... as if it never saw the Rio Grande!

Side of Mashed Potatoes, Grilled Yellow Squash, Cucumbers, and White Onions (*****)  Grilled Perfectly!

Organic Margarita (***** $13.00) Tequila from 4 Copas - Organic Silver Tequila (claims to be the world's ONLY certified Organic Tequila... got to take their word on that claim...) with Organic Agave Nectar, Pomegranate Juice and  Grapefruit Juice. Sweet, Sweet, Sweet.... but GOOD!

Imported Bottle of Mexican Coca-Cola (***** $2.50)

Cafe de la Casa Barrio (**** $8.00) Barrio's own Special Blend of Chiapas Iztapa Coffee served in a cool shiny stainless steel French Press. You've got to try this if you're going Mexican - Your presence in Barrio Cafe mandates Mexican coffee and with it a sense of foreignness, sunshine and fun... and you don't have to worry about a passport. Not as strong as the Coffees from countries South of Mexico... ala Colombia. But, the Coffee is stronger than your garden variety American canned Coffee. A question I have is: Where is the Mexican Coffee with Cinnamon???

Service (*****) Friendly and prompt. The waiter happened to be the brother of the Owner / Chef, Silvana Salcido. The brother / waiter, a Civil Engineer, moved to Phoenix from Las Vegas caused by the downturn in the housing market. 

My friend, who is NOT a Mexican Cuisine afficionado, says Barrio Cafe is far better than Richardson's in quality and presentation.

Profusely presented, hopefully for a short period of time, are small (no more than 18"x18") paintings by Nikki Aiello... a local Yoga instructor who, it seems, is delving into ethnic painting.  They're no more than a couple of hundred dollars each. My advice to Nikki... "Don't quit your day job!" I guess, Barrio Cafe had to fill up the wall space with something...

I hope I don't have to wait another seven years before I try Chiles en Nogada again from Barrio Cafe! But... Please go back to Beef or Pork as the meat filling!