The AC was not working at lunchtime (although it was only 101 in the shade at noon, and plenty toasty inside)...didn't matter...the place was packed and for good reason!

Huauchinango is terrific!

The place was not, however, packed with Northern European Ice Age survivors like myself...It was packed with my bretheren and sisteren from south of the border.

Other than a brief conversation with the owner and some chat with my luncheon companion, every other conversation was spanish and the only other word I heard that I really understood was "GOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLL" from the soccer match on the tiny TV above my head (they love their soccer at Huauchinango)!

And they love their genuine, authentic, non-amercanized food...not tex-mex, not even sonoran...Puebla...SSE of Mexico City, on your way to the Yucatan!

I haven't had anything like this since the last time I was in "real" non-resort Mexico (which has been few years, admittedly...too many decapitations...I'm old and feeble and the thought of having someone try to chop my head off...well...it's not appealing).

But I'm as safe at Huauchinango as if I were in my own Heavenly Bed !

And better fed.

All menu items are in Spanish...just as well because it seems that approx. 98% of their customers are Mexican with a craving for real home cooking...and that's what they get!

From Chiliaquiles to Huaraches to Gorditas and Burros, Carne Asada, Pastor and beef rinds to Tripe and Tostadas (I can't remember how spell any of that in Spanish...but the menu has english sub-titles, so you will be good to go) it's all fresh, freshly made and quite delicious!

Let's talk salsa's...they have a small salsa bar that they are justifiable proud of...a truly sublime green tomatillo/cilantro salsa, a spicy and savory red salsa and a demure orange habanero salsa (it looks so innocent yet will turn your mouth to cellophane and then light a match to it...seriously, if you are not used to spicy, you will feel like you just ate the sun)...I have to add though,  that the habanero salsa is not just hot, but really very tasty!

You will be missing something if you don't give it spin

Today I had a grilled beef Huaraches, with verde sauce and a peppery jalisco grated on top, and I split a red chili tamale with my lunch buddy (both suitably annointed with habanero salsa, so the burn will keep me awake at my desk this afternoon).

My buddy had a Quesadilla of some sort and a strawberry Agua Fresca, but didn't quite have the cajones to take on the habanero's.

We ate a mountain of absolutely authentic and well prepared mexican food, along with a never empty Diet Pepsi (HAHAHA...I love that about myself...food cooked in lard and a diet beverage) that set me back a whopping $6.59 for my half (before tip).

And I tipped lavishly...because they treated me like long lost cousin (I think it was respect for habanero salsa skills) and because they consistently deliver one of the best meals I have found at a price that I couldn't beat at Mickey D's!

Go, try something different and find out what real Mexican food tastes like...it's astonishing!

And give the old college try to the habanero salsa...you will thank me...at least until tomorrow morning...