A friend took me here when I was in Phoenix and my first impression was of a Mexican TGI Fridays. It wasn't a bad thing. and since I'm a truck driver ANYTHING but the truckstop fast food would have been good. 

We arrive just as they seat a party of eight, and with no hesitation were greeted by a friendly hostess and taken to a table. The table arrangement was a little cramped for me (but then again I'm just under 6' and a couple tortillas shy of 280) and my buddy is in the same range. After a while it felt cozy enough. 

Our waiter, I want to say his name is Ernesto, was quick to present himself and ask if we wanted drinks. Now, I'm a trickdriver and like to play the part, I made  a comment about my Corona with no fruit and take it like a man-straight and he responded with something to the fact that he hasn't quite made it there yet and needed a few more years to season himself to man status. Ok, this guy's got personality I thought. My buddy and I are a bit rambunctious and Ernesto didn't shy away from it. He joined in on our fun. His service was spot-on in my opinion to the point that I mentioned it to my buddy. Ernesto was very attentive to our needs. The beer was half-empty "another beer?" or "more chips?". He even brought all three levels of salsa. 

Now on to our food. The menu was simple and efficient, only 4 pages if I remember correctly, and I decided on the chimichangas de Macayo (carnitas). I'm such a sucker for carnitas, I freely admit, but these were top notch. I would go so far as to say better than grandmas back in California. The molé was good, not overpowering, and a great sauce for this plate. The beans and rice were simple and complimenting as they should be. Oh, and the actual chimichanga itself was huge, pushing upwards of 20oz maybe more and my fork was sufficient enough to cut through; no knife needed. The food was also hot all the way through and not just the outer layer. 

The cost was a bit pricey as our bill was $37 and change for two dinners and two beers, but I would say worth the price. The service and food made the 25% tip an easy choice. I'd be happy to goback