Cien Agaves is a funky little joint located right in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale. They are known for their tacos and tequilas... 15 different tacos and 100 varieties of tequila to be exact. It's casual, open late, and their menu was calling our name when my husband and I arrived in Scottsdale one recent evening.

We started with the tasty chips served with two salsas (one a mild red and the other a sweet verde) and chose a large margarita to split. There were also 16 different margaritas on the menu, and we went with The Local. The concoction of Cruz Silver Tequila, fresh squeezed lime juice, and triple sec was a hit with both of us. This place was beginning to feel like a "choose your own adventure book" meal and I was feeling adventurous!   

Carrying on with our adventure, it was time to pick the entree. Being that they are known for their tacos, I went with... pasta! Just kidding. I got the tacos, silly. There are three options to choose from depending on how hungry you are. You can go with a two taco or three taco meal (served with rice and black or refried beans) or a ten taco platter. With any of the three, you can mix and match your taco selections. I picked the Tinga Taco (shredded chicken breast braised in chipotle sauce, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and mexican crema in crispy corn tortilla), Pollo Asado Taco (grilled chicken breast mixed with pico de gallo, topped with guacamole in a soft flour tortilla), and Tecate Fish Taco (beer battered ono, cabbage, mango salsa, and baja sauce in a soft flour tortilla). I can't even choose a favorite, as all three were equally delicious! My husband opted for a chicken chimichanga that was filled with shredded breast meat, rice, and cheddar then topped with even more cheese, guacamole, and sour cream. It was roughly the size of a brick. I kid you not. I believe I even saw a neighboring building built out of these monsters.

After my meal, I totally feel like I chose all the right paths in my adventure book. It was so much fun, I hope to go down a few different paths sometime in the future and see where they might lead.