I'm from Southern California and my boyfriend lived in San Diego for a couple decades, so it's safe to say we have some pretty strong opinions on Mexican food. But my boyfriend actually grew up in Pittsburgh, so we make somewhat regular visits to see his family. Over the summer we were with his brother and needed lunch on the North Side. His brother took us to this place without really telling us anything about it. Imagine our surprise when we walked in and saw a menu plucked directly out of San Diego. It's all there: California burrito, carne asada fries, rolled tacos (the latter would be called taquitos nearly anywhere else). They even had a TJ hot dog on the menu--which is not necessarily a taco shop staple, but you'd see it at food stands in Tijuana and some SD shops had started incorporating it. And it's not just the menu items that were making us homesick--even the lettering was in true San Diego fashion.

On my first visit, I just ordered a bean and cheese burrito, which is comfort food to me. I basically hold it on par with grilled cheese sandwiches in terms of simple pleasures. And the burrito was pretty nice. It is weirdly difficult to find a decent bean and cheese burrito at a taco shop in Louisville. On that visit Matt got a couple of street tacos and a TJ hot dog. They were solid as well.

On our more recent visit Matt ordered carne asada fries. I asked for potato rolled tacos but they were out, and I wasn't feeling the other rolled taco options so I ordered a carnitas street taco, a carne asada street taco, and a shredded beef hard shell taco. The street tacos were nice. Good quality tortilla (corn, obvs), cilantro, onion. The carnitas wasn't the best ever but it was solid. I didn't like the carne asada though. It was a weird texture? And it kind of tasted like seasoning more than meat. Matt's fries were still amazing despite the mediocre meat. I pretty much only ever ordered carne asada fries while intoxicated but these were tasty sober. The carne asada just wasn't good enough to stand alone in a taco, but it worked with all the goodies on the fries. My hard shell taco was ordered on a whim; I hardly ever get hard shell tacos but I knew this place would make their own shells. It wasn't the greasy perfection for which I had hoped--I like a shell that is fried moments before consumption and still oily, which I guess is super bad for you so maybe it's better that's not what they do here. Anyway, I'm not going to fault them for that, because you really shouldn't order a hard taco at this place anyway.

Overall, although the carne asada itself was disappointing, the novelty of getting carne asada fries in Pittsburgh is enjoyable enough that this place gets a solid four stars from me. I also like that they have vegetarian and vegan items on the menu.