Having only tried the bacon maple cupcake at the Pimpin' Street Fest a few weeks back, I was excited to see Jolene and the Sloppi Jo truck hanging out at Khoury's last night. 

I opted for the Sloppi Jo and one each of the red and green sliders, all protein style (no tortillas or bread). They packaged it up for the short trip home - along with some of the miniature bacon maple cupcakes, of course - and I tootled along. 

The signature Sloppi Jo was delicious. The very generous serving of pork was tender, well seasoned and, appropriately, a bit sloppy. The pickled onions were fantastic; the taste was sharp without being overpowering and everything was really fresh. The egg, once mixed in, gave a rich creaminess to the spice of the pork and the bite of the onion. (Hey Jo, I would love to try a green chile version of this!) 

The green slider, made with hatch green chiles, was good. The chiles made it for me; really fresh and spicy-hot with a great roasted taste, the chiles reminded me of dining in New Mexico (so much so I found myself looking up flights on Southwest!). The burger was a tad on the dry side, but the cheese and juicy chiles did a lot to bring it all together. All told, really great combination that I look forward to tasting again. 

The red slider didn't have the pop that the other dishes had - even knowing it wasn't meant to be as spicy - but it does have bacon and we all know you can't go wrong with bacon. The onions were perfectly cooked, sweet, and a great complement to the rest of the dish. It was a fabulous, tasty burger, no doubt about it, and I appreciated the smoother, subtler flavors in contrast to the spice and heat of the others. Still, I wanted something else with it. 

The cupcakes were fantastic. I brought home four of the minis (about an inch, maybe inch and a half square? Really mini!) and my friends went crazy for them! Candied bacon on top of some of the freshest icing we've ever had and the cake, usually a candidate for being too dry and hard when made so small, was moist and perfect with, yes!, more bacon inside! A great little sweet at the end of what was, overall, a great meal. 

Add to great food the great personality of Jo(lene). Smiley, bubbly, and sociable, she was taking orders, sharing insights, chatting up the wine and beer drinkers. She is laid back and, at once, fierce about her food and her love for what she does. She draws you in, feeds you well, and sends you off with a smile. Win-win-win!