I have an entire box of conversation hearts left over from Valentine's Day and these little morsels are going to be the inspiration for this review. Let the taste of cherry flavored death and pastel sidewalk chalk begin!

"My man" and I decided to join a group of ten at C4 last night to enjoy the company of a quirky group of "romeo"s and "dream girl"s and sample the new Southwest inspired menu at C4.

I was impressed at "how nice" the decor was in the main dining area, since I had previously only frequented the bar and sampled some of the wretched Japanese inspired bar food. It's nice to see a restaurant "wise up" and invest a little "tlc" into reworking its image, as well as its menu. I thought that the bold, colorful Mexican centerpieces and hanging crystal light pieces were "tres chic" and when I saw the same strong use of color duplicated on the chair backs it was "true love" for me. I wanted to steal all the light fixtures, knick-knacks and tall chairs for my own home.

It was Valentine's Day and I had to order something to drink that was as frou frou and girly as my polka dot party dress, because when "ur a qt" you simply have to be sipping something just as ultra-femme. So I went for the Prickly (pear) Peach Martini and was not disappointed by its "sweet," pulpy, hot pink contents.

For apps, we ordered two platters of the tri-colored chips with three dips and the crab cakes. When it came to the dips, there was "one I love"d, the napolito corn salsa. The other two, guacamole and pico de gallo, "I hope" get better with time because the pico was bland and the guacamole was so overpowered by lime juice that it was nigh on inedible. The crab cakes on the other hand "I'm sure" I would order again because there was a good crab to filler ratio and a pleasant spicy kick delivered by the chipotle remoulade. 

"Lover boy" and I split the bacon cheeseburger and the chorizo mac and cheese for dinner, both of which I wanted to be "all mine" because they were so good I didn't want to share a single bite with "my baby." I was hoping the burger would "be good" but I wasn't expecting it to be cooked to perfection and served with crisp tomatoes and a lovely pile of spring mix instead of some of the more lowly greens available. It also came with a side of fries that were more like munching on a plank of potato if you "ask me." And feel free to "call me" crazy, but they must have sprinkled "stardust" on the chorizo mac and cheese because it was out of this world good! You could ask any of the three people that ordered it at our table if that's too good to "be true" and I'm sure you'd receive the same response as mine. Spicy, tender homemade chorizo was afloat in three types of decadent cheesy bliss!

We ended the night with two dessert sampler platters, and if you have more than at least three people at the table, I highly suggest you take "time out" of your evening to indulge because it was "way" good. I am in "love" with two of the desserts in specific, the frozen key lime tart and the Mexican chocolate flourless cake. The key lime tart was "cool" and citric and I let it melt in my mouth like a bite of sorbet with a graham cracker crust and tasty little candied lime zest. The "cutie pie" slice of Mexican chocolate flourless cake was rich and dense with a deep cocoa flavor and a hint of spiciness at the end that "let it be" a bit more unpredictable and memorable than regular chocolate desserts. The borracho bread pudding wasn't as drunk as its name suggested (or as pudding-y) and the 7 layer chocolate cake was the same "you & me" could get the valley over. 

The waitress we had was an "angel." She was extremely knowledgeable about all of the dishes on the menu and went so far as to open a dialogue with the chef when a member of our party needed a vegetarian, lactose free meal (who could that possibly be? ":)" ). I "loved her," and even though service was a little bit scattered, I attribute that more to having to deal with drink orders and food delivery at the same time (for a pretty big group) than any kind of slacking. It wasn't perfect and could definitely use some refining, but since that was the only minor hang-up in the evening, I'm going to "let it be" forgotten.

"I do" think C4 has the possibility of becoming a five star dining experience. It just needs a bit of polishing!

Don't agree? "Fax me." (Sorry, I just had to include the most ridiculously out of date conversation heart saying in the history of Necco. The rest of them were just too ordinary.)