I'd like to say this is one of Phoenix's best kept secrets, but with almost 350 reviews, I'm the one late to this party! I'm sure I wasn't the first one to have trouble finding the place. I was parked directly in front for what felt like 5 minutes before I realized that the dark door with no sign was the entrance to Dick's. Once inside, the seating was limited to 10-12 bar stools and 4 tables - The other side of the restaurant was closed to a private party. I have no qualms with limited seating, and in this case was worth the 15 minute wait.

Once seated, service was decent enough, however I could tell that they had a lot going on our waiter also doing bartender duty. The menu was extensive with a moderate sized nightly-menu and about a dozen items on their special board. I ordered the Carne Adovada and was able to sample one of the special menu items, the Seafood Trio (I can't recall the exact name). 

The last time I had Carne Adovada was over at Carlsbad Tavern in Scottsdale. Comparably, the one at Dick's was far above and beyond. The meat was tender, the spices complimentary and not too overpowering, and the sauce -- well, it was knock-me-off-the-chair spicy. They do forewarn you on the menu of this, so I can't knock any points off for it. It was enjoyable, my stomach just wishes I had gotten the sauce on the side.

The Seafood Trio came with Salmon, Mahi, and Swordfish, each with a different sauce. The Mahi and Salmon were pretty well cooked, although the Swordfish was a little too dry - Which might have had to do more with the quality of the fish than the cooking duration. For me, one of the highlights was an inventive (but certainly not fancy) side dish with creamed corn, asparagus, and brocolini. Off the cusp, it might sound a little off, but the combination of sweetness of the corn worked well with the greener vegetables.

Of the 'New Mexican' restaurants I've been to in the Phoenix area, this is certainly one of the better ones, if not the best. In comparison to the also good Carlsbad Tavern, I would personally recommend Dick's.