For a while, I've been wanting to go to this famed taco trailer as I've heard from Nelson Q. that this was the place for cabeza and lengua tacos.

 It was a bit confusing so I've had failed attempts so let me try to clear up as much information as possible. Firstly, it used to be called Karinas 2 and it is now Sinaloa. So if you're looking for that, then what you're looking for is Sinaloa. Way before, they used to be by Oakey by Luv- Its then moved to this side of town. .Now it WAS on the corner of Vegas Dr and Decatur Blvd.but it has since moved... You will see a cart at that gas station and that's some new vendor. They are now at Billy Macs Auto lot on Decatur and Lake Mead. Now my goal for next time is to get their hours, but for now the best bet is to go later in the day. Oh yeah, they take cash AND card which is unusual for a taco cart. 

It is pretty basic what they offer. Meats : carne asada, al pastor/adobada, chorizo, lengua, cabeza. You can get it as tacos, tortas, burritos, quesadillas or mulitas. They have some sodas and horchata. 

So the positives - 

HANDMADE TORTILLAS. So when corn tortillas are fresh they tend to soft and fluffy of a consistency than mass produced ones, even the better brands. They also make fresh flour tortillas, but I did not try them on this visit, but will one day. I love that they offer fresh tortillas here, which separates them from a lot of taco spots. 

We tried

Adobada - pretty solid. It's not my favorite one in town, but pretty good. 
Cabeza - really nice and now sinewy/fatty like some can be which was a plus for the BF. 
Lengua - theirs was good. The BF is weird about how some can be a bit gelatinous, but this was meaty and none at all. He just prefers a smaller dice than big cuts like this, but it was tender and delicious to me. 

Packed ours to go and it stayed well the 5 minutes to get to my MILs place. They packed up salsas for us, but we hit the salsa bar for some of the extras like the diced up pineapples, pickled carrots and peppers, pickled onions, more limes, etc. 

It was pretty fast and efficiently run and seemed pretty clean inside from what I can see when their side door was open. The meats are solid, the fresh made tortillas are a huge plus. Definitely one of the better taco carts around and I will definitely be back to try more. First impression and first visit though was very good so go! 

If you need more convincing and some pictures, check out the old reviews of the previous locations. I made a new one because it is really hard to convince Yelp to change addresses for such a small, barely reviews place-

Karinas when it was at Decatur/Vegas - http://www.yelp.com/biz/karinas-2-las-vegas-2#query:Karinas%202
Karinas when it was in Downtown - http://www.yelp.com/biz/karinas-2-las-vegas#query:Karinas%202