Was wrestling between a 3 or 4 for Cabo Fish Taco, but I give it a 4 because of the fun factor and that I'll definitely be a returning customer.  The restaurant is on a lively street in the NoDa area, surrounded by other restaurants and bars.  It reminds me of some of the neighborhoods back home in Chicago.  We stopped in around 7 on a Saturday night and there was already a line formed to talk to the hostess.  They informed us that it would be an hour, which wasn't a problem.  We expect waits like that on a Saturday night, plus there are a bunch of bars to go grab a drink or two while you wait.  Also, the wait only ended up being about 30 minutes.    

Ambience/Space:  4  A very loud, energetic space with island type music playing.  This is a great place for groups that want to go out, slam some drinks and have a good time.  They also have a small outdoor seating area which is great for nice nights.  

Service:  3.5  Hostess was very nice and texted us when our table was ready.  Our waiter was pretty standard, more interested in just taking our order and moving on.  Again, it was packed and he was very busy, so no big deal.  

Chips/Salsa:  3  The salsa was a pico that tasted very fresh, but I would've preferred a little more spice.  The chips were pretty run of the mill, nothing special.

Entree:  4  I had the two tacos and a side dish.  I tried the white fish taco and the carne asada tacos.  I really liked both.  They had a lot of flavor, but the thing that sealed it for me were the shells.  I chose the rice & beans side, and unfortunately that fell a little flat for me.  It didn't have much flavor or spice to it.  Next time I'll probably try a different side.   

Margarita:  3  To be fair, I only tried their house margarita that comes with Cuervo.  It was pretty good, but next time I'll probably go for a different version.  I think they have something like 16 different margaritas, ranging from cheap ($5), to skinny, to flavored, to premium.  It really is a pretty cool margarita list.