A Vegas tradition. I remember going to this and other locations (Trop and Maryland is closed! So sad!) Don't let the area or the inside of the restaurant drive you away. It's in a seedy part of town, no doubt and the inside of the restaurant is cheesy as all get out but the food is good and you can generally get out of there spending only about $25 for 2 people. 
Chips are served warm, get the guacamole dip if you want to splurge (at $8.79 it's pricey) but it's served in a mini fried tortilla she'll that can be eaten if you're hungry enough to finish all the guac. The salsa is so so - nothing to write home about but it works.
I think the most popular thing here is the TCT - which is essentially just a quesadilla. You can add meat, veggies and beans to make it a little more filling but it's massive - served on a huge pizza pan over a lit candle to keep it warm. You gotta try it at least once. Most people get it as an app but if you're hungry enough, try it as your entree. 
My favorite thing on the menu is Pollo con Espinaca which is grilled chicken in a spicy cream cheese and jack cheese mixture with spinach. It's creamy, spicy, warm and so incredibly delicious. I've tried to replicate it at home but just can't get quite right. It's served with the flour tortillas and the typical sides-beans and rice. For sure try this if you're looking for something a little more adventurous than a chimichanga (which, by the way, are pretty amazing too). 
The restaurant itself is older and not in the greatest shape. It's got lots of seating - both booths and tables and if they're busy enough they even open up the back area which is kind of a cool spot to eat.
The people are friendly - I swear a few of the ladies there have been there since I was a kid. Service is hit and miss - we had to wait a little too long for drink refills and a chip refill. Our server didn't come back to check on us until we were actually done with our meal but it wasn't a big deal cause we really didn't need anything. While the service may not be a worthy of a 5 star restaurant, it's at least friendly. 
If you've lived in Vegas for any substantial amount of time, you've definitely heard of Macayo's. If not and you're looking for a good spot for generally inexpensive good Mexican food, give it a try. You won't be disappointed.