While in Las Vegas this past weekend, my girlfriend and I decided we wanted a Mexican dinner one night, but didn't want to venture off The Strip, as we were walking from resort to resort for the night.

Gonzalez Y Gonzalez came up with high marks on Yelp, so we decided to give it a go, since New York New York was a central location for us. Entering from the doors nearest the Brooklyn Bridge, the restaurant was very easy to find fairly close to where we came in.

The hostess was very friendly and we were seated immediately, even though it was a Saturday night. The restaurant is fairly noisy, but not so much that you're annoyed. It's not quiet and intimate, but it's not loud and douchey like a sports bar can be. It appears that there are no booths, only tables. However, the tables are far enough apart that you don't feel as though you're dining with a family of 60 when there.

Chips and salsa are not complimentary - we asked only after they weren't brought to us. They are VERY tasty however, so I recommend the $3 or whatever to get them; the serving is generous, and the salsa fire-roasted goodness.

I ordered the Arrachera, which is the restaurant's version of a carne asada platter. Holy crap, was it AMAZING! SO flavorful, and so perfectly cooked! My mouth is watering just thinking about it! It comes with a small cup of "drunken beans" which I totally suggest dipping the meat into before each bite - jackpot in your mouth!

I ordered an El Coco Loco margarita, and let me tell you - it was a religious experience, as if the food wasn't good enough. The ingredients are Malibu, tequila, pina colada mix, and sweet & sour mix, blended. I'm not kidding when I say it tasted almost exactly like Smarties Candy. Unreal, and so damned good!

Our waiter and one other guy that served us were not terribly friendly; normally, I would have dinged a star for that, but the food is SO good that it made up for not becoming BFFs with the wait staff. The guys should have been more personable, and I hope they aren't indicative of the rest of the staff's attitude at Gonzalez Y Gonzalez.

This is our new go-to Mexican place on The Strip, and I cannot wait to hit it again the next time we're in town! I'd highly recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone looking for amazing, affordable Mexican food in Vegas!