OUTSTANDING OAXACA  IN PHOENIX!

The only problem is if you don't know your Memelitas from your Enmoladas ordering is bit difficult but not impossible.

We walked in and they have a menu board with pictures I really didn't know what I wanted because I didn't know what many of the plates were. So before I had that deer look in the head lights for too long I said I'd like something chicken with mole and the woman behind the counter said oh you want Mole Negro Con Arroz and pointed to a sign. I said, yes thank you that sounds good.

My husband said, "what would you recommend?" She told him about Memelitas and Enmoladas. I think they were similar but one was topped with a dark bean sauce and the other is topped with the dark mole.

For beverages they offer mostly Mexican Beverages and a few sodas but nothing is sugar free and there wasn't iced tea.

We seat ourselves and and soon bunches of things arrive. We received HOT Fresh Made Corn tortillas, a trio of salsas , chips and our two entrees.

The salsas were UNLIKE any other salsas I had anywhere else. We received a tasty tomatillo, a refreshing creamy avocado and the most interesting salsa was the Chili de Arbol (it's a Mexican bird's beak chili)  that also was the most spicy , smokey but not too smokey unlike your normal smokey sauce and it almost was creamy.

I received a very carefully cooked seasoned chicken leg that was falling off the bone moist.  But the skin was a throw away as is was moist and melting off.  The Mole sauce that blanketed the chicken was  the most well balanced mole sauce I ever had and that's why that sauce was delicious. A bit spicy, not too much chocolate, all the spices and ingredients carefully blended so you couldn't tell them apart.  My rice was fluffy moist and fresh, it tasted like it was cooked in house made chicken stock.

I'm not really sure if my husband received the Memelitas or the Enmoladas but what he received were shredded white meat chicken and cheese in folded corn tortillas that was topped with the same dark mole sauce. He said the chicken was moist and good.

They sell some Oaxaca Goods in the restaurant.

Very very good 4.5 Stars