From the outside, Mixteca looks like just about any other fast food Mexican joint in the Valley. Located in a somewhat run-down shopping center (Kmart is the anchor store. Yes, Kmart) on the corner of Bell and 67th Ave, Mixteca is a stand-alone restaurant with a drive -through lane that wraps around much of the building. 

I was getting some work done on my car this morning at the nearby Jiffy Lube, and while walking around I saw their marquee sign, saying that they opened at 6:30am. I had some time to kill, so I went in.

Once on the inside, you can see right away that Mixteca is not like just another run-of-the-mill fast food place. The decor is sort of a "Baja Beach" theme with a big thatched-roof shack in the middle. It feels just little more refined - they did a nice job with the interior and I was admittedly impressed. There is a bar (yes, a bar. with beer and television sets) in one corner and outdoor dining for when the weather cooperates.

As far as the food goes, they have all the standard offerings. It was morning, so I opted for a ham breakfast burrito. Nice chunks of ham, potato and cheese rolled in a huge flour tortilla. If I had any complaint, it would have been that the potato wedges were a bit too big. On some bites, all I tasted was potato. IMHO, the perfect potatoes for breakfast burritos are of the shredded hash brown variety. Diced potatoes are ok. (At one place in San Diego, their potatoes were french fries. No, I didn't order a California burrito. But I digress....) These chunks were too big. In their defense, I did order the burrito without eggs (who does that??) so perhaps they were just trying to make up for the lack of huevos by overstuffing it with papas. Oh well. I still ate the whole thing. 

Oh, I have to mention - they have a great salsa bar with different types of salsas (and free chips!!) carrots, cucumbers, and onions. Great stuff.

All in all, I was impressed with Mixteca. I look forward to seeing what their lunch and dinner offerings are like!

Enjoy!!