My husband and I went here on a recommendation from someone who is more into the fine dining type places. Her other recommendations have not been that great but since someone else told me this place was good as well, we decided to try it. I have to admit, I didn't have high hopes though. Boy was I wrong!!! I really enjoyed Maria Maria. My husband seemed to enjoy it as well although he felt it was a little more pricey than other mexican influenced places. 
The atmosphere was really nice and the service was great. Our waiter was attentive and did a great job of recommending certain dishes and describing what was in them. 
We opted for the street taco sampler for our appetizer (street taco's with steak, chicken, and carnitas). The carnitas were the best!!! My husband was amazed by them. For dinner, I chose the carnitas chili relleno and boy am I glad I did. It was amazing and the beans and rice it was served with were great as well. So much flavor. The sauce that was around the relleno was awesome as well and I was surprised it could taste that good having carrot and cinnamon in it! My husband decided on the beef chivichanga (same as a chimichanga, I was told they used to bake them, hence the name change but that didn't work out well so they started frying them). He said it was ok but I know he wished he had ordered what I got. Luckily, the portion was so large for me that he got to eat half of mine :)   We also ordered a side of the fried plantains, something I had never had. They were wonderful and the cheese on them put them over the top! The chips and salsa served pre meal were good as well. We loved the green and the regular salsa the most. The orange smoky one was ok but not my kinda salsa. I would say that their regular salsa was some of the best I have ever had! All in all, the food exceeded our expectations and the portions were bigger than we thought as well. Also the prices were not unreasonable. Yes, 17.00 for a relleno is a little high, but it was worth it considering it is one of the best rellenos I have ever had! The hubs chivichanga was only 12.00 which wasn't bad. 
Another nice thing was the music. Even before the live music started, classic rock hits were played which is our type of music. The live music was really nice as well. The hub loves Latin acoustic music. 
All in all, the meal was almost outstanding. About the only thing I wasn't a fan of was the red sangria. Most people will probably think I am crazy but I felt it was too strong. I thought sangria was supposed to be a little sweet and mine was not that way at all. Other than that, the overall experience was great. We will definitely go back!