Burrito Express is one of those hole-in-the-wall places that, once you go once, you'll never stop.

My boyfriend and I got a hankering for mexican food one evening, but were way too lazy to actually change out of our pajamas and drive somewhere, so we searched the internet for a good place nearby that delivered, and thus we began our love affair with Burrito Express.

My boyfriend got the shredded beef burrito and i got the steak, potato & cheese burrito. Our food arrived in a decent amount of time, and oh sweet jesus was it delicious. The burritos were ginormous, and sooo tasty. My boyfriend couldn't even finish his entire burrito but I, completely lovestruck, buckled down and devoured mine competely like a starving lion or a panda that hasn't eaten for a while or some other equivalent nature reference. I was in heaven. And later that night I was in a food coma.

All subsequent trips to Burrito Express have been positive; the decor in the place is pretty sparse, but you'll barely notice it once your food arrives, and really, if you're complaining about how the place is decorated you're doing something wrong. The drinks are big and the aroma floating through the building (and out into the parking lot) are intoxicating, not to mention a visit will probably only cost you around $4.50 for a burrito and a couple bucks for a large drink.

My only complaint was that recently I went in around 5:30 for another one of my beloved steak-potato-cheese joy tubes (still talking about burritos here, don't get too excited) and instead of steak pieces, i got what was likely their machaca beef. It was pretty salty and made the cheese seem a little overpowering as a result, but I wasn't too upset by it and it was during the after-work dinner rush so they were probably either out of steak chunks or it was purely accidental and the machaca was likely nearing the end of the batch and had soaked up too much seasoning. I'm not going to let one less than awesome experience ruin my whole view of the place, so I'll let that one slide. Plus, I've worked at restaurants before and I know that there will always be an inevitable mistake here and there. 

Overall, great food, great prices, and a location that smells so heavenly i want to make a soap out of the smell and bathe in it daily? I'll happily journey down the street to this treasure of a burrito joint whenever i feel like getting my food on.