This new Sam Fox restaurant opens on November 24 (OK, so they DO have one in Tucson, but it's new to us). We had the privilege of going to a Pre-Opening dinner to benefit the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. Essentially, all of the money we paid to attend went to CFF and Blanco essentially gave us an open tab at their restaurant. It was a complete dry run, so the entire menu was in play! 

First off, very friendly staff. We had to wait about 20 minutes for our table, but the bar was lively and, while crowded, it was still easy to stand around and enjoy your drink, with the house DJ also keeping the mood buzzing. If we had wanted to "hover" for a couch, their patio is filled with big blue couches and fire-pits, facing Scottsdale road. Their full menu is served on the patio (as well as the bar), but we decided that we'd wait for a booth inside. 

Once seated, or server made sure we were all set on drinks and walked us through the menu. We started by sharing a Roasted Chicken and Poblano Chile Crisp, which is essentially a little Mexican pizza. For a main course, I enjoyed the Fish Tacos, while the Seared Ahi Tacos and the Beef Enchiladas also graced our table. Not exactly earth shattering dining concepts, but there wasn't a bite of food left when it was all over. 

For desert, our server recommended that we try THREE different desserts, so we went with the Tres Leche (kind of an oat-ish interpretation, but good!), the Caramel Flan (excellent! and probably the largest hunk of flan I'd ever seen!) and finally, the Rich Chocolate Cake (very dense and a bit too chocolaty, even for me). 

All in all, a good meal, but what rockets this rating to 4-stars instead of a possible 3 were the margaritas. All the juices are fresh and they aren't too tart OR too sweet. And, while you didn't necessarily realize it by taste, there was enough tequila in them to put down a small horse. By my second margarita, there was no way I was driving home. We'll be back to Blanco soon, but next time we're hiring a driver!