I feel like I just exited the Twilight Zone.

One hour. An ENTIRE hour in the drive thru!

I pulled up at 10:23. Ahead of me; a Black pickup and a Grey Acura.
Having waited here before, I knew there'd be a wait. And as time ticked the f*ck by, I kept up a conversation with myself, questioning if my Fried tortilla craving was worth it.

But I waited! Like a good girl with a growling stomach, I waited.

My review may confuse you, because I know you see the 4 stars sitting above my text. Right? 

No worries. Just listen.

Because, at last...I'm home, now.  

I eventually got to order a Carne Asada Chimichanga . I intended on having two small tacos along side it (one Pastor, and the other carnita) but through broken English I understood that the ONLY meat they had was Carne Asada. 

Like, really. 
No chicken...nothing. 

So I'm like, "Alright, I've waited this long, what am I gonna do?! Go to Taco Bell across the street?!" 
Of course, not.
 
So, I order.  And I wait. 
All the while monitoring the impatience of the driver of the black truck behind me. 
At one point, I wanted to open to door and shout, "I feel your pain, bro!"
My better judgment stifled the sound in my throat tho, and I continued to wait.

Every once and a while, I ease off my brake because I am SURE that my time has come and I'm readying to pull off with my chimichanga. 
But after a few false starts, I put my car in park and continue to wait.

Right before I see my Glorious chimichanga heading in my direction, I see the cook chewing on food.  I wanted to record a 'Wtf?!' Type Vine. But, no. 

FINALLY, foods in my hands and after paying, I drive off onto the awkward ramp like exit into Tropicana from  the plaza where La Famosa sits. 

And now I'm here. HOME! After legitimately almost falling asleep in the drive thru.

And my 4 stars?? Well...
My food is BOMB! 
Damn it all, this sucker is GOOD!!

For me a street culinary experience is entirely different than a fine dining experience. (obvious reference there, BUT!...!)

I expect to be treated like Elizabeth Taylor when I'm paying a $200 bill at Jaleo. 
But if I'm in the mood for a taco and a Chimichanga? I'll totally take the "Tio doesn't know how to manage his grill time, but makes the best Chimichangas...!" vibe over a hungry Mexican-food craving stomach growl  any day!

To wrap it up, yes I waited a portion of a part time job in the Drive Thru of 'La Famosa' tonight.
And while that's totally NOT okay. (AT ALL!)
My Chimi was DELISH! 

With all being said, the owners of this place need to understand that if I'm ( I, being any consumer) craving a good plate of casual Mexican food, I'm likely going to go with the restaurant that will serve me my food WHILE  my craving is active. Nostalgic Tio atmosphere, be dammed.

I'm just saying.