Stopped by on Thursday to celebrate National Nacho Day after seeing Marc M.'s post and what a treat!  I had originally planned on going to another place down the street but I had Julia's bookmarked for a while so why not try something new?

Situated in what was once a Target's parking lot, this small and unassuming restaurant was quite an adventure.  Upon walking in, there's a distinct smell of mesquite.  Whether it's artificial or just for show, who cares?  It smells great.  There's a generous bar of all sorts of grilled meats, fixings, and salsa.  The menu is kind of confusing but I already had made myself a note before to try their soft tacos.  The best day to get tacos are Tuesdays, mind you, when they're $1.50 each.  Mr. W. had the Crazy Thursday special which is a green-sauced enchilada if I remember right and we also had nachos. 

At first I wasn't sure what to expect.  The lovely lady had made the enchiladas first.  First warming up the tortillas and then filling it with cheese before sprinkling more cheese on top only to be be put into the microwave.  That had us exchanging a side-glance at each other.  But when I saw her making my little street tacos and stuffing it full of marinated chicken and topping it with pico de gallo and other stuff, I had forgiven her for the microwave business. Then she had started pouring ladles full of cheez whiz onto the nachos.  I just wanted to tuck in.  Our meal was $23 for the both of us so my wallet was happy.

So how did everything taste?  Delicious!  The carne asada on the nachos and my marinate chicken in the tacos were both delicious, flavorful, and moist.  The portions are decent for the price and the salsa bar was a mini adventure on its own.  I wanted to try them all but I was scared and unsure on which ones were mild and which ones were a blazing inferno.  I wish there were little signs.  Oh well.  

Nonetheless, Julia's served up a decent dinner and I wouldn't hesitate to stop by again.  I think I want to try a burrito or a taco salad next time!