I think I'm in love. For any of you who have spent time in East LA, Tradiciones is very reminiscent of that scene. I arrived to have dinner with Julia and Amy. I was exhausted and hungry. We were greeted and led into a HUGE dining room. I knew I was going to fall in love. Did I like the dumb dresses the ladies have to wear? No, but it makes the tourists and non-hispanic people feel comfortable. 
I usually set my bar on the quality of food based on the chips and salsa. We were served a fresh basket of chips and each given a personal bowl of salsa! Hooray for double dipping! The manager was walking around and he stopped by to say hello and then brought us a complimentary bowl of guacamole With three lovely ladies each with a fab pair...of.... I mean each with great personalities, what do you expect? So far so good! I had a margarita that was served in a martini glass full of ice... hmmm is that weird to anyone else? Oh well. The marg was good! 
For my entree I chose the enchiladas suizas with chicken. What I was served was definitely YUMMY! The tortillas were fresh and they were soft fried. Fabulous, authentic touch! The suizas sauce was slightly tangy. The tanginess was offset by the cotija cheese that was generously sprinkled on top. The word that came to mind every time I took a bite was "creamy". It was a very well made enchilada. The beans and rice were pretty good too. Here's my thing about re-fried beans. I like them when they're made with manteca (LARD) *GASP* and these were more than likely made with them. The re fried beans were flavorful. The rice was eh.. ok. It was rice. I sort of wished for a bit more spice in the rice, but again, it makes the tourists feel safe. 
An added bonus were the roaming musicians that they had. I was relieved to see that they were not in Mariachi suits but rather nice slacks and blazers and they were SINGING it. I wish I had more energy because I would have been whistling and doing a good ol Grita Mexicano along with the guys at the bar that were enjoying the entertainment! I look forward to enjoying Tradiciones again!