Oh Mill. You are so fun but overcome with college students so it's sometimes hard to enjoy your splendor -- until now that it is. Welcome Canteen Modern Tequila Bar. You are welcomed with open arms to Mill! You are trendy, classy, decently priced and tasty! 

When I hear the words tequila and bar, I immediately feel a phantom hangover coming on and assume that if I visit, I should be prepared for a long headache filled morning after. But, don't let that fool you about the Canteen. Although the tequilas are top notch and flowing straight from the border, there's much more than lime and salt to this place. 

Let me first start with the decor. It doesn't quite fit in with the divey feel of Mill but that's a good thing. Similar to the class La Bocca brought to the street, the Canteen has a classy edge to the decor. It's very open. You could easily have a large party here and still have room for more. There are two patios; one off the front and one off the back. The bar is spacious and there's also a patio off the bar -- so actually there are three patios! I thoroughly enjoyed the back patio. The tables are high tops with cushioned seats and umbrellas. The tables are far enough apart from each other that you aren't sitting with a neighbor and sharing your salsa with them. I could easily see this being a fun restaurant at any time of day or night and it's going to be a perfect leisurely spot to stay for awhile. 

Now on to the food. Delish! First of all, go during happy hour. Between two of us, we had two margaritas, two taco plates, salsa and guacamole and it was only $10 a person. The items on happy hour have "hh" next to them -- and there's a lot to choose from. I think I pay more at a local Mexican fast food restaurant! And though the food is competitively priced, you wouldn't know by the taste. The margaritas are freshly made with lime juice and not pre-made margarita mix. I could absolutely tell the difference and while I'm not normally a huge Margarita fan, I could see these being dangerous and turning the night into a 5 margarita time. The guacamole was freshly made and had a good kick to it. We had the Cascabel salsa which is what I suggest. It was a tasty salsa to accompany the guacamole. When I saw that an entree comes with three tacos, I was worried it would be too much, but they are actually street style tacos so three is just the right amount. I left satisfied but not too full. I got the chicken tacos and my friend got the shrimp and we split. I like the chicken tacos better than the shrimp but they were both excellent. Add some of your guacamole and salsa to them and they are supreme! 

I think that Julian Wright did an excellent job adding a little bit more flare to Mill and I see this restaurant being a huge success. I would absolutely make the drive to visit again and make a night of it here.