I'm moving my review to the correct page.  Unfortunately, the name is mispelled on this page.  its confusing because searching doesn't turn up the right page.  I wrote to Yelp Help about this.

Correct spelling Huauchinago.

Link to correct page http://www.yelp.com/biz/huauchinango-mesa#hrid:nWlYQPQOS5PXc2zqoyM4iw/src:self

Ok, I'd forgotten about this restaurant.  They moved a while ago from their SoScott location (that may have been in Tempe) on McKellips.  So I basically forgot about them.  I was searching for this restaurant on Yelp/Google after a discussion about my taste in MX food.  Come to find out, when Huauchinango reopened in the new location, the person that submitted this business page on Yelp spelled the name wrong!  So my search would turn up nothing on Google and Yelp.  I figured the resto was out of business.  Then like magic, another Yelper mentioned it in Yelp Talk.  I caught the misspell by a Yelper today and searched on that and bam... IN BUSINESS!

Yes, this is some really good food from a bonafide-hole-in-the-wall joint.  Makes me wanna do the happy dance when I used to eat their tamales.  So of course, after finding them in the search today, via a Yelper mention, I knew I had to go here tonight!  I'd waited for 2 years!  

No tamales as they were out and would be making more for the next morning.  I will return soon for the tamales.  I'll stop in for lunch this time or, call ahead to make sure they have them.  So, no tamale tonight --- that's ok, I stuffed my face with a couple tacos.  I had the carnitas and the beef tongue tacos.  Both delicious and yummy.  I ordered chicken enchiladas for lunch tomorrow.   In true pig-out fashion, I took a bite of that and the enchiladas are far better than I remembered them being when they were on McKellips.  Just the right amount of salt-ness with enchilada sauce and cheese on top.  I top everything with something spicy.  their spicy habanero salsa adds the right amount of kick to it.

Also on my to have-again list from Huauchinango would be the mole (mo'lay).

I would easily give this play 5 stars if I could drink alcohol there and they don't  accept credit cards!!!  Oh Lord, please get the Square or something!  However, after I'm reminded how good the tamales are, I may come back for an update next week.  Stay tuned.