I read reviews of Verde from a trusted blogger who trumpeted the green chili, the chicken, the tortillas and the accompaniments. I decided I had to see for myself if it was as good as advertised.

It was.

I tried it out for lunch and liked it so much I decided I needed to take my coworkers for their opinion of lunch, which mirrored mine. I went back two more times (supper and breakfast) and confirmed that the quality doesn't vary with the meal service.

The green chile is excellent: Big, tender cubes of pork and perfect in the spicy green goodness. I don't eat fire but I enjoy some heat on occasion, and Verde's green chile was balanced just right. The oregano-lime chicken was juicy, with crispy skin the way it's supposed to be cooked. All portions are generously sized.

The beans were an unexpected treat. Say "beans" at a Mexican eatery and be ready for smooth refried or soupy pintos, typical but boring in every restaurant that serves them. Verde's beans were a revelation: spicy, dark, and bathed in a thick sauce, they would make a meal on their own in a larger serving. The rice was serviceably good, if a bit bland.

I was in the mood for enchiladas and eggs for breakfast last week, but it seems next to impossible to find this perfect breakfast food anywhere, so this was Verde's chance to show off its morning menu. That's when the idea of trying their chilaquiles with scrambled eggs hit me. True, enchiladas and chilaquiles aren't one in the same, but they're close enough for those times you want something involving corn tortilla and red sauce.

Again generously portioned, the tortilla wedges stood up to the rich red sauce without getting soggy. The red sauce gave me reason to try the red chile beef next time, which I haven't had the nerve to do yet. Perhaps that's the biggest compliment I can give to a restaurant: They make me want to try different things instead of sticking with what I like. Given that praise, it was disappointing that Verde's scrambled eggs had the consistency of powered eggs akin to those served at a hotel buffet.

The horchata alone is worth a visit. In fact, they rotate a second agua fresca, and I have yet to taste one that's objectionable. I just keep veering back to the horchata.

The owner I talked to each time I've gone in said they plan to have evening hours to accommodate dinner during the week, with even later hours on Saturday. This is great news for anyone who calls central Phoenix home. How many times have I gotten out of work late and didn't want to cook, but didn't want to order food off of a value menu, either?

Verde is a place I root for. Here's hoping others will, too.