Real good basic Mexican food. Been to this location twice and the flagship in El Paso once. Always go with the same thing with satisfying results......the carne asada platter. The carne comes on a hot plate sizzling with temptation. Also has beans, rice and tortillas.  First off, my girlfriend and I told the cashier to hold the guacamole-we're both mildly allergic (a travesty, I know) and he offered to double our tortillas from five to ten. Hell yeah, we're off to a great start!  
     Next we were off to the salsa bar to load up on the extras-and there are plenty of em. About ten different varieties, along with marinated onions, jalapenos, guacamole, limes, cilantro, etc. Many great choices, along with a helpful explanation of each salsa, its heat level, and what meat it pairs best with. And before we could finish loading up our cornucopia of condiments the order was sizzling at the pickup counter.
     After about two more minutes of salsa selection, we're headed back to the table to a still crackling platter surrounded by two individual servings each of beans and rice. The carne asada was a perfect mix of crispy edges paired with tender chunks, atop a layer of marinated onions. The beans were whole, brown, and included the best mix-in of all-bacon! The rice was soft and fluffy, with a perfect smoky seasoning. Tortillas were good quality (we opted for flour), thin and flexible, but with the heft to hold all our stuffings in. All these ingredients made for a great make-your-own taco to be specified to one's own liking.  
    No real complaints about the food except for the serve yourself tortilla chips that were mostly broken and coldish.  Not much atmosphere, but the food is the star here. A game room with about ten video games is tucked away in the southeastern portion of the building to provide some entertainment for the kids if time is needed to settle that stomach. lol. Overall, a great value as the platter ($19.07 after tax) can feed two-three, and there are larger choices. We strive to come back and explore the rest of the menu, but memories of the sizzle have made it hard so far.