So I went up to the doors like 5 minutes before their posted closing time. Locked. But people still inside eating. Okay no problem. I'll go through the drive thru. No law against closing early. Then a guy inside opens the door for me and gives me a look like "they're not closed" and says something i don't remember like "weird, i dunno blah blah." i approach the counter if only to review the menu which i'm not familiar with. A guy behind the counter gives me a look like he wants to kill me. Not in my top 5 looks for service industry workers to give me. I say "sorry man, someone opened the door, are you closed?"
 
He nods.

"should i just go through the drive-thru?"

He nods.

"okay cool. I'm just gonna check out the menu, i don't normally eat here."

He stands and stares. Then he says "well, you're already in here, just go ahead and order"

"no really it's fine, i'll go through the drive thru, i just need a few minutes to review the menu, it's rather large and contains many appealing items an I'm an indecisive person" (probably not verbatim)

"Just order"

My thoughts-"dude just stop talking to me and giving me that death stare i want to live and eat tacos and I can't focus with you glaring in anticipanger" (just made up that word)

So i just say thanks and leave and get in my car to go through the drive thru. The guy gives me a look like I'm an idiot when I was just trying to follow his initial wishes! I get that you want me out of here. I also want to be swift in this transaction, but i'd rather not hold up your drive thru line with my indecision. And there really are A LOT of items on the menu.

I go through the drive thru and i order my food and who's working drive-thru but THAT GUY! Like he just wanted to prove the point that it didn't matter where I ordered from, he still has to deal with me, and if that's the case, WHY DID YOU CARE SO MUCH THAT I ENTERED THE LOBBY?? No need to be mad at me. I see a locked door I turn around and go about my day. You should be mad at THE GUY WHO OPENED THE DOOR. That's the real culprit! Save your murder glances for that guy, scary del taco employee!!

But for real, their tacos are like 50 cents, jat order like ten of those and smother them with hot sauce you got yourself a cheap delicious meal. Way better than taco bell IMO. Five stars. Minus one for murderdude.