I am so happy this place is here! McDowell and Val Vista was in desperate need of some sort of restaurant and this did the trick. It is on North Val Vista and the 202.

The place is clean, only outdoor seating, walk up window, and has nice misters. It's a very laid back restaurant. 

Their menu is simple with a few burritos, pulled pork, brisket, and sides. My sister and I ordered the green chili ground pork burrito, 1/4 lb brisket, Mac salad and lemonade. 

The woman working was really nice but since it's so laid back, there wasn't any service beyond that. We were the only ones there so the food came out incredibly quickly which was nice.

The burrito was extremely underwhelming. It was literally just a tortilla with ground pork and green chili sauce. No guac, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese or anything. Not that I'm complaining though... That would be fine IF the filling was good enough to stand alone. It was not. It was relatively flavorless. Also, it was a bit smaller than an average burrito and not worth it on the price so we will probably pass on the burritos in the future.

The brisket sandwich on the other hand was amazing. Great, juicy brisket with a smoke ring!! Bread was soft and buttery and there was some mayo sauce that highlighted the meat beautifully. The free sauces at the table also helped pull the sandwich together. I got the 1/4 lb but should've paid the extra $2 o get a 1/2 lb. You can also order by the lb which I think we will do in the future. 

Finally, the macaroni salad was really delicious. Lots of great flavor, not too much mayo, and lots of great crunch from the cabbage and carrots. I imagine that they use a similar recipe for there coleslaw and will definitely get coleslaw on my sandwich next time. But I would have liked a little more.

We paid around $18 total which was a bit pricier than we would like to. But overall the food was great and the restaurant itself has a nice vibe. 

We will definitely be back, seeing as it is the closest restaurant to our house, but will pass on the burritos in the future. We will definitely be getting brisket by the pound and Mac/coleslaw by the quart! And will try the ribs and pulled pork seeing how great the smoked brisket was. 

I hope they either lower their prices a little or increase portion size and hopefully make their menu bigger. I think jalapeño bucks would be a great barbecue place and offer traditional style Texas barbecue instead of just sandwiches.