I really, truly like this spot for legit Mexican food.  I know it's not the easiest thing to come by in Pittsburgh, and even tougher if you're sticking to the city limits, but Cuzamil hasn't disappointed me yet.

Our first visit was actually the daring decision of going to a tiny little Mexican spot on Cinco de Mayo last year.  Natually, it was packed to overflowing, but everything about our trip was excellent.  The service has always been great, even when we were elbow-to-elbow with our fellow Cinco-de-Mayo-ers.  Any time there was a delay in our food reaching us, we were informed, and the servers were on top of refills (of drinks and chips) to tide us over.

And there's something about their homemade margarita pitchers that gets me each time.  There's that tiny bit of bite in each sip that separates it from the average margarita.

I do fear that I get the same thing every time I go here, which is the chicken quesadilla.  It's gigantic, and comes with the little Mexican food salad (the shredded lettuce/sour cream/guac/pico mix), beans, and rice.  It's easily enough for my meal and leftovers the next day, and I like getting that value for my money.  I always want to try other things that catch my eye on the menu, but I seem to keep coming back to this massive quesadilla.

The chips and salsa are homemade as well, and on our latest visit, we tried the appetizer platter that came with mozzarella sticks.  I know cheese sticks are not really what come to mind when you hear "Mexican food," but they had a little bit of zest to them that made it okay in my book.  There was something reminiscient of the composition of the fresh, crispy homemade chips in the cheese stick breading.

Each time we've gone, the service has been great.  On Cinco de Mayo, everyone dining at the restaurant got to pick trinkets out of a bag of Tecate swag.  I got one of those little dresses for your beer bottle, in the design of a traditional Mexican poncho (with Tecate emblazoned across the front, of course).  It's the little details like that, plus the top-notch service and delicious food that keeps me coming back.

Also, look for deals in Clipper magazine or Groupon.  They don't count for the margaritas, but everything else on the menu is fair game!