Okay, GG's has done a complete 180 from our original experience a few weeks ago.  

A damp and chilly night, we eschewed the patio for a table inside. Definitely a rustic cantina/cucina  thing going on---very simple decor, but either lights or walls gave it a nice golden, cozy glow that was pleasant on an icky night.  But given the right weather, choose the charming patio on which to dine.

A very nice young man appeared the moment we stepped across the threshold; not only was he the host, but also our server.  I believe his name is Chance.  We sat, perused the wine list, and DH ordered a cab and I went with a Coppola Syrah as they didn't have my beloved Pinot Noir by the glass----it was very good!  

After the timing issues our first visit, I had my eyes on my watch. We had our glasses of wine before us within 6 minutes of ordering.  When our server dropped off our libations, we ordered our appy---the Caprese-in-a-Jar.  That showed up in eight minutes, and that's when we gave our entree orders, after expressing to Chance concern that our meals would arrive while we were still enjoying the first course---he guaranteed us this would not happen.  This is true.  Just as we were finishing off the appetizer, he arrived with our entrees, hot and fresh.  I don't know how long that took from ordering, but it doesn't matter because the meals arrived at exactly the right time.

Okay---enough about time---suffice to say service was well within acceptable limits.  Now about the food.

Appetizer: Caprese-in-a-Jar.  Cute presentation----little glass pitcher layered with  bocconcini and tomatoes.  Slices of good crusty bread toasted, then scattered with shredded parm, laid out on a big wooden platter.  DH and I weren't sure what to do---we'd never had "caprese-in-a-jar".  Tried forking the mixture out of the jar, but the neck was a bit narrow---finally DH dumped the whole thing onto the bread platter and then we scooped.  It was very good, the tomatoes had a nice, fresh flavor and perfect texture and the mix of herbs and oil was spot on---nice bite of garlic.  We did have to salt and pepper. Maybe a pinch of crushed red pepper and just a smidge more salt?  But otherwise very tasty.  I still am not sure if pouring the mixture out on the platter was gauche---maybe if that's what is intended, the server could say so.  If not, then a wider mouth jar would be better.

DH's Entree: Chrissy's Red Enchilada.  DH took  first bite---then another---then looked at me and said: "Fan-Tas-Tic!"  So I sent my fork flying his way.  And it was super good.  I am not a ground beef girl, but I would order this.  Delicious!  REALLY delicious.

My entree: Amazing Pork Belly Tacos.  Menu calls them amazing---and I agree.  Pork belly was succulent,  accouterments crisp and fresh---loved the bite of goat cheese.  Actually, I really loved it because that meant DH, who doesn't like goat cheese, wouldn't try my tacos so I didn't have to share.  Hah!  But three was A LOT!  I brought one home!  (Yay!)  Hmm----I just looked at the online menu and it said it was cojita---but I swear was goat cheese.  Anyhow, it was EXCELLENT!  I was sad when I could not finished that third taco, Though it meant I had today's breakfast or lunch.  It was so good I wanted to really go for the glutton thing, but my tummy let me down.

Sides: Black beans were perfect---they had the look and texture of from scratch beans---and were tender, meaning the chef did NOT salt until they had cooked, which is a good thing because not only does that not inhibit that nice bean-y creaminess, but it reduces the bean-y side effects.  Lightly seasoned and very simple---making a tasty counterpoint to the bright and complex flavors of our entrees.  The Mexican Rice, however---that was a fail. Okay, I don't like Mexican Rice. But besides being what I call "Rice-A-Roni" Mexican Rice (this is not to imply GG's did not make their rice from scratch, just what that kind of style of rice reminds me of), it was also mushy.  Not good.  Our lovely server agreed there are some rice issues.  Since I'm not a rice person anyway, in the future, I would probably nix the rice and ask for doubles of those wonderful beans.

And our server was GREAT.  He was enthusiastic and knowledgeable and he seemed to really care that we enjoyed our meal.  It appears that the "dishwasher guy" and our previous server have moved on, to the benefit of GG's.

So, having made our second visit with some misgivings but believing everyone gets a second chance, we found that Guido Garcia's really knocked it out of the park with food and service.  DH actually said this morning he can't wait to go back to try the Italian menu.  Fingers crossed that last night is their standard and not an anomaly, and we will so become regulars.  But right now, we are fans!