Big surprise here. We ducked in here on a whim and are very glad we did. First off, knowing I'd be yelping about this place I took an exterior photo of Tacos Los Toritos. As I was snapping the shot, some guys were just starting to walk out. Going for the laugh, one dude struck a pose, for the shot. We all got a real good laugh out of that. It made for a good first impression, happy, goofy customers. Loved it. Inside the place is bright and cheery, nothing fancy, but welcoming and sprinkled with art reflecting the old country. They make a nice array of fruit drinks (large $2.25), made with a base of freshly squeezed fruit-orange, watermelon, and my favorite...cantaloupe--I loved the cantaloupe. They also serve up ho-made horchata too. Free samples? No problem. For some reason fish was sounding good. I order up a ceviche tostada ($2.99). It was loaded with fish (tilapia?) and burst with a rockin' spicy, citrusy, flavor. The gal behind the counter was very helpful and mentioned the fish tacos ($1.50) as being popular. They create their own breading mix there, and the tacos came out with a delightfully light crispy crust, served with lettuce and tomato on small double wrapped corn tortillas. I prefer cabbage, but didn't miss it at all with these bad boys. Chille Relleno with rice and beans ($7.40)...also delish. A decent condiment stand tops it all off with a couple of salsas, limes, radishes, and a nice surprise of spicy hot roasted serrano chili peppers and onions. We were there during the non peak time of about 1:30 on a Sunday. They had a steady stream of customers the entire time, which is a good sign. The cutie behind the counter mentioned they have coupons on the back of the receipt next door at Smith's. So, Smith shoppers, check those receipts and swing on in for some pretty fine Mexican chow on the cheap. Thanks to the ethnic composition of this area, there are several really good choices when you're ready to get your Mexican on, Tacos Los Toritos is right up there. We really didn't walk in thinking we would like it as much as we did, pressing the Like button!