My new spot for to go Mexican!  Ingredients are from local farmers market, and even have a Vegan Menu.  Wouldn't think that it would be possible to clean up Mexican food, but this place did it!  Mexican food is and always will be heavier and saucy, however Pancho's lighter use of oil and decision to veer away from lard has not led the food to lack any flavor.  All dishes are made fresh to order, including sopes. The only item I believe to be pre made are the tortillas. 
The green enchiladas covered in a light spicy green chile sauce have a heavenly flavorsome sauce that, depending on who's cooking in the kitchen, can be light and fluffy as cotton or thicker and saucier- all the same both have great savor.  Once the chicken was diced up on the enchilada, another time shredded.  So not always consistent here on preparation, but consistently palatable.
If you're lucky enough to catch them when they have blue corn, their blue corn sopes are scrumptious! Well cooked with a light crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, you can tell they are freshly made. The difference in white or yellow vs. blue corn are subtle (blue had a slight nutty flavor) but if I see blue corn on a menu I always go for it.
The Vegan Menu- how neat is it to see this at a take out Mexican spot? I ordered the vegan tamale and it did not lack any of the toothsome-ness the regular items had.  Vegan can be delicious!  The corn masa was wrapped in chard (which was exquisite by the way) and stuffed with local farmers market veggies such as squash and corn, all seasoned generously. This dish did not disappoint! 
Pancakes.  At a Mexican take out? Yes, and they are worth ordering.  Chocolate chip pancakes made fresh smothered in chocolate and condensed milk, decadent!  Bye bye iHop!
Posole had two separate experiences with this, one spicy one not.  But you can definitely tell this soup is made in a clean way, doesn't have the sticky gelatinous flavor to the soup. 
In my opinion, Mexican is difficult to make upscale or fine dining (case in point I've been to Javier's, but I'll save that for another review).  However, Pancho's is a little shop with 3 workers that act as server, cashier and cook who make well-prepared mouthwatering Mexican food.  Home cooking at its finest.
Taking a star down for a couple reasons.  1. The wait.  I've ordered ahead of time as far in advanced as 1 hour and still waited an extra 15 min when I got there.  2.  Consistency.  As mentioned earlier, dishes were prepared differently depending on the chef, sauces had different textures and meats done according to whomever was cooking.
Wrapping it up, good ol' wholesome home cooked Mexican food with Vegan options and all made with the health conscious in mind.  Order ahead because you'll have to wait!