So wherever I have been driving in the valley for the last 7 years apparently does not take me past a Qdoba... or I have been catatonic every time I have driven by, because I swear I did not know they were out here. I have only eaten at Qdoba once, probably 12 years ago, in Kalamazoo, MI while visiting a friend at Western Michigan University. I don't remember it being good or bad, but there wasn't one in my city so it wasn't a big deal either way.

So I was driving down Glendale Ave tonight looking for a cheap spot without french fries to eat a quick bite with a friend. We pull into the parking lot deciding on Qdoba, and the only thing I remember from 12 years ago was that whatever I ordered did not come with a tortilla... when the girl rang me up, I thought I was being helpful by pointing out my forgotten tortilla, when in fact it wasn't included with my dish, so she glared at me while handing me a free one.
In other words, I was prepared to still be confused and order like an idiot my second go-around. Luckily, I started off by telling the guy behind the counter that I had no clue what was going on, and he graciously suggested something- a Queso Burrito in a bowl. He said it was "slightly amazing." 
So, Qdoba Guy just gave me something to order, and wasn't annoyingly overzealous with how good it was--SWEET! As I move down the line, I have more choices-like salsa. I chose the one with corn because it was mild (I'm a wimp) and had corn! But there were 5 to choose from. 

It's true that this place reminded me immediately of Chipotle (brushed stainless steel everywhere, industrial/trendy/warehouse-y, small in-line ordering section, burritos the size of my head), although I enjoyed the food at Qdoba a lot more. I was immensely satisfied w/ my burrito bowl, and am still really happy about the fact that the employee's suggestion was spot-on. I appreciate it when I don't hear, "Oh I never eat here because I work here," or "I like this, but I have really weird taste."

So congrats, Qdoba on Glendale! After 12 years, I'm back! *though sadly, probably not to this location, as it's pretty far out of my way.