Welcome to...
Frank and Lupe's
Old Mexico

Dating endeavors:  For two months I was repeatedly asked out by this guy and one day I finally succumbed to his request for dinner.  It wasn't that I didn't like him or find him attractive, it was just that I had seriously grown tired of the whole "dating" scenario and had secretly vowed to never endure it again.  

I had met him, innocently enough, at an arts charity function for Phoenix Theatre, an annual event called the "Phoenix Follies".  Movers and shakers from across the Valley appeared to pledge their support, including Bob and Carole Machiz, Sheryl Cooper (who is super lovely) and Mark Hiegel, to name a few, along with presidents and CEO's of major companies and corporations such as The Arizona Republic, SRP, R&R and Watson Wyatt were in attendance.  Clearly, this guy was in good company and was introduced to me as an employee of one the consulting firms.  Having this information as a backdrop, I felt safe that he wasn't some sort of deviant or serial killer.  Still, though, I was apprehensive about the "date".

The plan: The plan was to meet up for drinks and dinner to follow (so long as neither of us decided to bolt for the nearest exit half-way through our first cocktail) at the sushi fav in old town Scottsdale, Sting Ray.  Now, I've never really been a big fan of Sting Ray (more on that in a later review) and that Saturday I awoke with a particular craving for Mexican food; raw fish just wasn't going to cut it.  

I got up, stumbled to the kitchen and riffled through that week's copy of Get Out. Flipping in earnest, I finally found the section that lists all the restaurants, hours, cuisine type, locations, etc.... until I located the object of my affection: Mexican food! Frank and Lupe's, 4121 North Marshall in Scottsdale, Arizona, sounded perfect!  I'm always searching for good Mexican food, which is surprisingly difficult to find amidst the massive amounts of impersonal chain food conglomerations that, at first glance, seem to comprise this fairly new city.

A call to my date and a quick change of venue was made. (Sting Ray was one of my suggestions, after all, so he replied to my request with a noncommittal, "Whatever you want is fine," which, so you know boys, on a first date is not the way to go.  Be assertive. Take time to make plans.  We want you to impress us.)  I'm told when I call Frank and Lupe's that reservations are not required.  Overflow from the restaurant often ends up at the bar located behind it, Santos Lounge, so we are welcome to wait there in the event there aren't any tables available.

First Impressions:  I arrive a few minutes late, having had difficulty locating the cute cottage that is the restaurant.  Luckily, I'm able to find parking along Marshall as the lot located next to Frank and Lupe's is modest, at best.  However, I make it and, thanks to cell phones, I find my date waiting for me at Santos.  

Santos Lounge is edgy yet inviting, with cozy couches perfect for snuggling up to that special someone.  The night is fairly warm for winter in Arizona (and with outside heaters!) We choose to sit on the patio to avoid having to talk over the music.  It wasn't too loud, but on a date, it's nice to be able to hear the conversation.  

Several drinks later, we decide that we are enjoying the company we are in and pop over to the restaurant for dinner. (Btw, Santos Lounge boasts over 32 different kinds of tequila and the bartenders were efficient, kind and entertaining.)

Dinner:  I am in heaven!  Everything from the chips and salsa to the sopapillas is phenomenal!  I thoroughly love everything I taste.  Truly, there is nothing bad I have to say about this dining experience at all.  The restaurant is charming, "old world" Spanish style and the wait staff knowledgeable and prompt.  Bonus: The prices for the amount of food you receive is minimal... even with the bar tab.

Final Thoughts:  At the end of the evening I am content.  Happily full, I have found a new favorite spot and, perhaps, made a new friend.  Added bonus?  You'll fall in love Frank and Lupe's... even if you don't fall in love with your date.

411:  Frank and Lupe's is located at 4121 North Marshall in Scottsdale, Arizona.  480-990-9844, www.frankandlupes.com.  Prices are modest.