I heard about this place many a times and today Tanya took me to try it out. I was happy with the thought of being Green or VERDE for lunch, little did i know how green it would be. After reading some of the reviews I had to see it for myself, and i'm glad i did. Seems there is a bigger picture behind the place. The picture is a Greener world! They utilized paper plates, plastic spoons and the like because it is better on our environment. At the moment they are waiting on a back order of forks and spoons made out of corn, much easier on the environment the owners says, and so did my green expert friend Tanya. 

A quick scan of the menu and i was a little disappointed at the lack of single tacos but quickly settled on the Verde Salad with chicken. Tanya had the pulled pork served with beans and rice. Of course i also had the chips and salsa (which was a green tomatillo and a red salsa served in two tiny dishes) the chips were quite tasty and so were the salsas. However the salsas were quite mild so the need for sour cream was nil. The salad was romain lettuce, radishes (which i tossed out as i ate), tomato, shredded chicked (only problem here was the fat left on the meat-i cannot stand the feel of skin or fat of the chicken in my mouth so i had to pull at the chicken), fried bacon and a tasty dressing-all of it very fresh. Tanya loved her meal and didn't leave a bit left over on her plate, just as I! 

The place was decorated with all repurposed items. The table and box chairs were such a wonderful idea. The first sturdy setting i've seen in a restaurant around Phoenix in a long time. They also participate in the Art Walk with local art hanging for sale on the walls. 

This place is crisp and clean. Very affordable = all entrees are $6-8 and come with rice and beans. The chips and salsa was $2.50 and the Guacamole (i will try this next time!) was only $3.00. As i  mentioned there aren't any tacos served a la carte, but you can get a side of rice or beans! I'll definitely be back for the Guac!