I admit that I like the Steak Chalupa's at Taco Bell and this location is the closest one to where I work. Usually I do the drive thru unless it's crowded and then I'll pop inside and order. Today I decided to try the Taco Bell App that they advertise with posters plastered all over the store and on commercials on t.v. I have to say, I was not impressed. The app was tough to use and after I finally got the order placed, I had to wait in the store.
First the app. Granted I'm not a computer geek but I've played enough computer games in my day to figure things out pretty well and this app is not very intuitive. I was impressed that I had a coupon good for $2 off a purchase of $10 (which is a lot of food for one person at TB!) but there were no clear directions on how to use it. Once I figured that out (you have to choose it first and then place your order) I had to figure out how to order what I wanted. That was a little easier but still took a few tries to figure it out. Finally got my order ready, went to check out and got a message that the coupon couldn't be used and read the restrictions....which I could not find. I'm guessing that the local Taco Bell wouldn't take them, so I had to start over.
Finally got the order placed (you might want to enter your credit card info at the very beginning through the application menu) and a screen pops up asking if you're picking up in the drive-thru or in store. I clicked on the drive-thru and received a message to wait on choosing an option until I'm close to or in the store. When I arrived about 10 minutes after placing the order, and based on the very long drive-thru line, I pulled over, clicked on 'In Store' and I'm here, and then parked. 
I went inside and there is a special line just for app placed orders. the gentleman behind the counter was very quick to ask if I wanted to place an order and I mentioned I'd placed it via the app and was just waiting. Then I waited....and waited...and waited...and watched all the cars that had been in line at the drive-thru, place and pick up all their orders before I got mine. I was all the way out to my car by the time I realized that I was supposed to get a drink with my meal, which was part of the ordering process, and had to go back in to get that.
The overall process will probably go more quickly the next time around but the amount of time that I spent placing my order, and then waiting when I got there, kind of defeated the purpose of the app.
I will say that I do like going to this Taco Bell location. The place is always clean, the employees are friendly (especially the lady that works the drive-thru window most days), and the food is always good. While it doesn't look quite like the commercials on t.v., it's a lot closer in comparison to what the burger chains show you and what's delivered. I also like the fact that when you eat in, you can get refills on your drink and top it off before you leave.
I gave 4 stars for the location and employees however, if I were to include the app in the overall review (which would not be fair), I'd have to give it 3 stars.