You can't go wrong with Rosita's. While it isn't life-changing, I really haven't found better Mexican food in another restaurant around town. When I lived in Vegas, I would crave food from this place and couldn't find anything that was even a close comparison. 

It is definitely unassuming, located in a little strip mall at Dobson and Guadalupe. There's predominantly banquette-seating with just a few tables that are half banquette, half chairs. There is a bar and a dining room - they often offer the option of seating in either area and I recommend the dining room over the bar. It is brighter, more comfortable, and I feel that the service is more attentive. 

They serve delicious salsa and chips to start, and also have a hot sauce that has a good kick. If you're interested in an appetizer, our standby is the Cheese Crispi - either plain or with Green Chiles. Adding some of the aforementioned hot sauce is a good plan for nice flavors :) 

My "go to" is their Green Machaca Beef Burro, deep fried, with Cheese inside. I have had Machaca at a few other restaurants and theirs is definitely at the top - it is a stewed shredded beef and is nice and moist with LOTS of flavor. I order it as the Burro deep fried, which is basically a chimichanga but without the sour cream and guacamole. 

Another fun item is the Rosita Chiquita Sampler - you choose 4 mini items from a list - I usually get a Chicken Taco, Beef Flauta, Green Chile Beef (served in a little tortilla bowl), and a Green Corn Tamale. This comes with rice and beans and is nice when you aren't sure exactly what you want and you can instead try a little of everything. 

I don't order dessert here very often, but have had their sopapillas (fried dough with honey, cinnamon, and sugar) which are a bit iffy (sometimes good, sometimes not) 

The service at Rositas is typically pretty good, although not always the most upbeat. They tend to be quick and efficient. They serve their sodas in HUGE glasses so that you don't have to wait for refills (because you typically don't need one) 

The pricing is a bit high for what you get, in my opinion - their prices have gone up $3-$4 an entree over the past 7 or 8 years, and the quality has stayed exactly the same. 

That said, it is delicious and a great standby - check it out!