Hummm... Where do I start..
Waitress: 0 stars 
Manager: 5 stars 
Bartender: 5 stars 

Before I start my yelp I want to say thank you to Kim the manager and our favorite Bartender!!! We will return because of them! Not our unbelievable, unprofessional immature rude waitress!!

My husband and I have been going here for the last 4 years we lived a block from there and now we live in south Gilbert (20 mins away) we have always had amazing service in return we leave amazing tips and always positive feedback! But... Tonight was a different story! We took our kids for dinner.. It started with me going to get our own menus... Waitress passed us 5 times we sat there waiting for someone to stop 10 mins later our waitress came over put salas on our table and said sorry no chips right now.... Finally 10 mins later she came back to take our drink order... Time goes by and still no drinks no chips no waitress. Grrrr! Finally she comes back, she sets out drinks down with all the time we waiting I asked her to just take our order.... We got our chips... Our food was brought out 20 mins later. My was okay kids were just Mac and cheese can't mess that up too much my husbands meal was ice cold. When the waitress finally came back I asked her if we could get a hot dish she looked at me and asked ok so you want me to re heat it for you? I said no I would like a new hot one, not microwaved. She rolled her eyes and took the plate from me. She came back and told us that one someone took the plate that was ours. My kids and I were all done eating when she came out and told us that my husbands would be out soon. My husband said forget it! She said whelp it's too late I will have them box it up for you to eat at home. If we waited to eat at home we would have ordered pizza. She said she was taking it off the bill. When we got the bill she charged us twice for the same plate and yes did take one off but charged us an extra one! Unbelievable!! The waitress did not even bring us our ticket! 

Kim and the bartender were amazing and made a bad experience a positive experience! Thank you we will be back soon!