I went to this place two times while I was visiting Phoenix. The first time we had a very large party and the service was great! We were seated quickly and served drinks and our food in a timely manner. Prior to ordering I checked out other Yelp reviews just as you are now and the things that stood out to me we're the chips and salsa and the margaritas. Well, everyone said it and I'm gonna say it too! You must try the chips and salsa (my favorite chip is the wonton chip, a little sweet heat! Yum!) and of course to go with it get the top shelf conmemorativo margarita...so, so, so good! I also got the spinach and portobello mushroom quesadilla and it was good. 

It was so Delish that I brought a different large group of friends back to this place. Unfortunately, the restaurant was much busier and I'm not sure they handled the large crowds very well. We were told 1 hour wait, but after 20 minutes our buzzer went off. When we gathered our group to be seated the hostess told us it was a mistake and asked us to wait off to the side in the dining area. This wait was another hour before we approached the hostess. She was very rude and told us it would be 'awhile' but wouldn't give us a time frame. When we asked if it would be 10? 30? 1 and a half hours? She said it would be at least that! Unacceptable when we were told an hour wait. I asked to speak to a manager and Tony was extremely responsive! He worked it so that we were seated right away! The server  was fantastic as she stepped in to take our large party and we were seated outside her section. The chips and salsa came out quickly and she was great with getting us drinks (of course I had another round of the margarita) and the food was great. This time around I had the salmon. So delish! And the desserts were covered by the server as an apology for our wait. 

The manager Tony was great, responsive and helped me to overcome my disappointment in the rude hostess encounter and he brought me back to a 4 star rating for the great service and food once we were seated. I would definitely recommend this place and the margarita!