Yes! Finally some solid Mexican food restaurants. The location is deceiving, so when you are pulling up off of Industrial you will pull into the parking lot for Sapphires. My husband and I circled around several times until we pulled in to what appears Sapphire's parking lot, and spotted that there was an entrance and a somewhat hidden/obstructed sign next to the entrance to the strip club.

We were pleasantly surprised by the decor and the classy vibe inside of the restaurant. There were comfortable booths and tables, along with a nice bar area which seemed packed. It seems to be a hot spot for younger, professional looking crowd and I can see why. The ambiance, service and the food would prompt me to take a client here for lunch.

They have a pretty extensive cocktail menu which I did not really go over. The server mentioned that their margaritas are not made with any pre made mixes and is sweetened with agave nectar and was offered in several flavors. I went with the Raspberry flavor per his suggestion. I enjoyed it, although still felt it was a bit sweet and the raspberry chunks kept clogging up my straw which got to be annoying. Get wider straws if you are putting chunks for fruit into the drink. Overall, I could taste the difference but I just wasn't in the mood to drink so I couldn't recommend this place based on the cocktail alone.

The chips (first round is complimentary) are decent, but nothing like what some people are raving about. I found them to be an unnecessary filler.

We ordered the Carne Asada, Carnitas burrito enchilada style in red sauce (choice of red of green) and al pastor tacos (comes in a set of 3, you can mix and match the flavors). The Carne Asada and the burrito were extremely delicious. They were served with cilantro rice that was so light, yet packed with flavor. I seriously could just eat the rice alone there and be happy. The meat was high quality with great portions. The burrito was filling, but given the nature of the ingredients it did not leave me feeling stuffed, instead I felt satiated and full. The tacos were not impressive to me because the al pastor tasted dry and I had to use one of the left over salsas from the chips to pour over them. I am accustomed to juicy and flavorful al pastor and this just did not deliver. It tasted as if it was under a heat lamp for a bit too long.

The prices are not cheap, but you do get what you pay for. The burrito was around $16 and the Carne Asada around $25. The service was attentive and pleasant. Overall we felt it was money well spent and intend on coming back soon to sample more of their menu.