This place is very good but not great.  At least not yet.   Watch for improvements because the staff seemed to be interested in what drew us to the restaurant.   We hope they continue to do all they are doing right and seek to improve their restaurant even more.
We were greeted promptly by two young ladies at the entrance with big smiles and both were dressed sharply and professionally.   This is always the way to start a nice dinner experience.   We were seated promptly and while sitting down a gentleman showed up with tortillas and salsa and our menu.   Not a minute later another gentleman was ordering our drinks.   Maybe it was the same man, it all went so quickly.    The salsa by the way had a very good flavor and mild.
Since this was our first time here we decided to go with dishes we have ordered in the past at other Mexican restaurants.    One dish was with chicken and the other was with shrimp.   Our waiter did not speak English well at all so it was hard to qualify some of our order but usually this is not a big deal for us as it might be important for some people.
While waiting we noticed the tables were sports bar themed.  Jim Rome was featured along with a photo of some cheerleaders that my wife covered up with a napkin.  Ha.  It was a bit distracting and not complementary to the atmosphere.  This place used to be a sports bar and restaurant and we think they bought the place with the tables.   All fine and good but either use tablecloths or re-theme the tops of the tables please.  (Neither of us are big fans of sports bars so this was a big turnoff for us when we are looking for a Mexican-like eating experience.  Yeah, yeah, I know that this is a sort of Americanized version of Mexico but go with it.)  Mexican music played in the background at a nice volume level.
Our dishes came quickly and were really beautifully put together.   We were really happy about this.   Everything was hot.   
Everything but the rice tasted good to very good.   The best was the Pollo Norteno and it's sauce was absolutely excellent.  The rice was kind of bland and not very flavorful.  There is some habanero sauce on the table that you can use to kick up the heat but go easy.   It is pretty hot stuff.
On our way out were were questioned with interest about our experience and thanked graciously.
We look forward to their continued success.

Went back recently for carry out.   Everything was set up nicely.   But I did notice their vents are filthy dirty in the foyer.   Tsk, tsk.   They need to do something about that or their stars are going down.   I want a clean restaurant from top to bottom or I'm not eating there.  Why?  Because if you don't notice this and I as a customer do what does this say about what you miss in the back kitchen?  Please Cucos, clean your vents and all restaurants out there, do a quick walk around and see the things that need to be cleaned.   ugh.