Yes Cafe Rio is a chain. OMG it's a CHAIN location for Americanized Mexican food! Let's all freak out and write bad reviews bashing chains! Not this review, not today. Hendertucky is short on good places to eat the further South on the 95 that one goes. And sometimes you just want fresh salsa, spicy queso, enchiladas, or a chicken salad on a day when you don't want to heat up the kitchen to cook something or drive 25 minutes or more to get it. Cafe Rio's newest location is a nice addition to the Southeast corner of Henderson...and after a couple of visits I've found a lot to like. 

It's very important to note that this location was working with corporate trainers until the first week of September 2014. The trainers are gone, and the staff I saw tonight on Thu 09/03/14 despite having a line 20 deep was smiling and downright hustling to get the food out. I called in an order for 4 people with everything from chips, guac, and queso to tacos, enchiladas and a chicken salad. Yeah I had to wait an extra 10 minutes past the time I was told my food would be ready. But rather than be a jerk about it I looked at the staff and watched as they busted their rear ends to get the food out. The ONLY complaint any of us had with our entire order was the chips were not finished correctly. But again this is a new location...and it takes time to work out the service kinks. So before people start doing their best Gordon Ramsey H***'s Kitchen imitations perhaps they should remember it takes time to get a restaurant, chain location or not up to speed. A little kindness and patience goes a long ways. 

4 Stars. Service with a smile from the staff, order accuracy, salsa with some bite to it, and $40 worth of food enjoyed by everyone in this house has me going with 4 stars without the slightest hesitation. 

One more thing...the manager I talked to tonight...was going above and beyond to provide great customer service with comps and apologies and giving good feedback to the team to improve service delivery on the spot. I won't give 5 Stars this time around...but I did entertain the thought as I typed this based on my observations.