There seem to be a lot of misperceptions about places like Chipotle. For example, I know people who turn their noses up at eating at places like this because they are not "authentic" Mexican restaurants...but ironically these same people will eat at Taco Bell (REALLY!!!  As if THAT is authentic Mexican??!!!) 

So, yeah, let's just say upfront that Chipotle is not posing as a "true"  Mexican Restaruant - they are a TexMex-style chain specializing in stuff like burritos that happens to be based out of  Colorado. 

I also don't understand people who compare this place to Taco Bell... I think that people need to understand that places like this are more in the category of "fast casual" versus true "fast food" places.  Fast casual places are a tiny step above the fast-food chains, but a step below a full service restaurant. 

They do not have drive-throughs but they are also not full service sit-down restaurants with waiter service. Basically, in a fast casual, you will go up to the counter and place your order.  They will put together your order as you go down the line so that you can select the various options & toppings.  Then, they give you a cup and you serve yourself with beverages and that sort of thing.  In some fast casual chains, they will bring your food to you after it's prepared. Also, in some of the places, they will bus the tables after you have eaten, but in others, you will clean up the table yourself when you are finished. Some examples of  other "fast casual"  TexMex chains include Qdoba, Salaritas, and Moe's. 

So now that we understand the concept behind this restaurant, how does it stack up to it's competition?  In my opinion, it is much better than Qdoba, Salsaritas, and Moes. The pricing is generally in the same ballpark - and so are the portion sizes. However, I prefer Chipotle in terms of quality in part because they serve hormone-free naturally raised chicken.  But also, for me the freshness of the other ingredients has always been good.... the lettuce is fresh, the cheese does not have a "plastic" texture.   And for my visits, I have found the employees to be friendly, fast, and efficient. 
 
If you want super-fast, super-cheap food and don't mind highly-processed food packed with all sorts of nasty chemicals & preservatives (not to mention the "mystery meat" which is actually a disgusting mixture of by-products and  who-knows-what), by all means, please stick with Taco Hell.  But for me,  I'll happily shell out a couple of dollars more to eat at Chipotle!