For those of you who fancy yourselves urban adventurers, if you find yourselves in the vicinity of 27th Ave. and Van Buren you could do a lot worse than Taqueria Guadalajara.  That may sound like damnation by faint praise, but it's really not.  What I mean to say is that at the end of the day I'd rather have a taco at Gallo Blanco, America's, or La Condesa.  But those places are playing in a whole other ballpark - hell, a whole other game - and they're catering to a whole other demographic than Taqueria Guadalajara is.

I first heard about this place at a "taquiza" first-birthday party that I attended in one of Phoenix's historic neighborhoods.  The kid's folks are lawyers, and I guess they wanted to bring a bit of authenticity to their Mexican-themed party (to compliment their custom-made robot shaped piñata - very authentic).  The Taqueria Guadalajara van was parked outside their house, and a very nice Mexican woman had set up a grill in the back yard and was making tacos to order - carne asada, al pastor, and carnitas - along with a full condiment bar.  It was pretty f'n cool.  I ate eight tacos, and was stuffed.  I thought the "taquiza" was a brilliant idea, took their card, and told my girlfriend and her family about it.  They thought it was a great idea too, and thought it might be good for an upcoming party they'll be having at their house.  I decided to do some due diligence before I gave that idea my blessing.  

I checked Taqueria Guadalajara's license with Maricopa County's Environmental Services Department (I often do this with restaurants, and that's how I knew about True Food Kitchen's critical health code violations a while back).  Taqueria Guadalajara had no red flags on their report.  Today, my girlfriend, her mother, and I sojourned down Van Buren to check out the actual digs.  The place was very clean and easy on the eyes in every sort of way.  As my lady said: "I shouldn't like these baby-poo colored walls, but I do."  Among the three of us, we ordered four tacos al pastor, four carne asada tacos, two carnitas tacos, a quesadilla, two Diet Cokes and an horchata, and our bill was $21.00.  All the tacos were savory.  Nothing really stood-out about them, but then again, nothing about them was bad.  The condiment bar was fully-stocked with the typical Mexican taco-goodies (salsas, pickled carrots, radishes, onions, etc.).  The food was ready quickly, and we were served with a smile.  Overall, it was a very satisfying meal.

As I said, I don't foresee myself making the trip to 27th Ave. and Van Buren for this stuff, but if you're in the neighborhood, you can stop by and expect a good experience.  If you're looking for someone to use for an authentic "taquiza" at your place, look no further.