I only got to try the bar menu since the restaurant didn't open until 4pm. I have to say I am thoroughly impressed by everything about this new menu. Compared to what it used to be, Camacho's (meh) and then Cabo (horrible) I went in not expecting too much. When I first took a look at the bar menu, I noticed how many items were under $3. Then I noticed something that I would've never expected to see in a Mexican restaurant inside a casino; elote and pepino's. That kinda sparked my interest and I knew from that point on that this was already gonna be better than anything this place used to be.

So of course I ordered a bunch of things:

Chips and salsa-complentary with 3 dips/salsas that were all amazing. The avocado salsa was like a cross between salsa verde and guacomole with the perfect blend of spicy/lime/avocado flavors. Then there was a whitish looking dip that the bartender told me was navy bean dip. Never had that before and OMG that was surprisingly good! I never was a big fan of regular bean dip but this was really creamy with a different bean flavor that isn't bland like pinto bean dip. Absolutely delish. Then there was a chipotle salsa, not a big fan of chipotle flavor but that one was good and all tasted freshly made. I would hope so since the restaurant has only been open for a few hours thus far.

Street tacos-carne asada and carnitas. The were pretty standard, nothing too special here but still good.

Fish taco lettuce wrap- I know my low carbers can appreciate this one. Grilled fish on top of some Bibb lettuce. Squeeze some lime on that baby and you eating good and healthy.

Shrimp cocktail- nice, big shrimp that were very fresh. The sauce had a unfamiliar taste to it so I just ate the shrimp.

Elote- came out molded into a cylinder with mayo and spices already mixed in it. All the goodness without a face full of mayo and parmesan cheese.

Cucumbers with lime and tajin- pepino's beautifully arranged with the perfect blend of lime and spiciness.  Another guilt free and carb free option.

There were a few little things that could use some work like food orders coming out pretty slow, expediters not knowing who ordered what, and old looking shredded lettuce as garnish on some of the plates. These are just minor things and its not a big deal cuz I understand they just opened.

Everything was beautifully presented and although it was just the bar menu I got to try, I'm sure the regular menu is great as well. I hope they continue to do great and keep up the good work so that more people can enjoy dining in NLV.