My family and I went this afternoon for lunch since we were in the area.  My husband, who is Colombian, had what we call Mexican food in the valley and was not impressed as everything had the same taste.  He liked the food here, which wasn't topped with the regular cheddar cheese that a lot of Mexican restaurants have for Americans.

We ordered a chicken burrito, something that was a carne asada over fries with everything on it, and a three rolled taco plate that included beans and rice.  Oh, we ordered a large Pepsi and a large horchata.  All that came to $27, which I thought was a bit steep and don't understand how it came out to be that much, but, anyway.

The portions were large, as my husband and I shared the carne asada papas fritas.  Our daughter only ate half the burrito, as it was huge.  Our son only ate half of his plate.  The next time we will just get two large sodas between the 4 of us.  And, we only need to get 2 plates of food and split it, because 3 plates is really too much for 4 people.

The people that worked there barely spoke English, but they knew enough to take my order, which I did in English, with some clarification.  My husband speaks fluent Spanish, but he didn't need to help me out, so that was good.

He was a little leery of stopping by anywhere to eat in the area because it didn't look nice compared to where we lived, but I said it was fine in the daytime and the food is probably much better than the area where we live, at least catered more towards Mexicans rather than Americans.  

We liked the salsa bar, which had a slightly spicy creamy avocado sauce that was so yummy and a host of other spicy sauces.  It also had a variety of veggies that you can add to compliment your meal.

Their soda fountain doesn't work, the one that's in the eating area, so if you want a refill on your large soda, you'll have to ask them to refill.  No charge for that, but if you want to refill the large horchata, it'll be another $1.50.

I wish we had a place that had good food like this near where we lived, but alas, we don't know any place.  We'll be back next week as we have business in the area, but after that, dunno.

We are happy with the tasty food.  Price was a bit more than we thought, but, it's all right.