Cliff's Notes: solid concept, exceptional decor, room for improvement in the kitchen. 

The AMPD Group is at it again! This time, they've opened their 2nd Steel Cactus location in the city. The new spot takes the place of the old Villa bar/club but you'd be hard-pressed to even recognize it! The AMPD Group did an outstanding job with the renovation and decor. When you walk in the front door, you are greeted immediately by a cheery hostess. I came here for lunch and the crowd was much lighter than I expected, however they haven't even been open two weeks yet. I give them credit for opening up this time of year, the crowd may be thin now, but this will be the place to be come spring and summer.  

The first thing former Villa-ites will notice is the space. The first floor of Steel Cactus seems SO much larger than Villa ever did. There are several high top tables of varying sizes, ample seating at the bar, and large booths, so there's definitely a seating option for parties of all sizes.  They have also redone all of the outer walls with collapsible doors/windows that open right onto the street. 

Now, to the food!  As I mentioned, this place just opened up and it seemed obvious to me that maybe the kitchen staff hasn't got their bearings yet. We ordered the queso dip as an appetizer and it was lukewarm with a lot of unmelted chunks of cheese in it. My boyfriend ordered a "side salad," but received a HUGE portion that he ended up taking 3/4 of in a doggie bag.  The salad was delicious though, try it with the mango vinaigrette! 

We also split 3 steak tacos, which were good, but under-seasoned. Also, no sour cream or salsa was served or offered with them.  Another suggestion would be to offer different beans on the side. I would've liked to see refried beans as an option. 

Overall, I think this place will find great success here on East Carson Street, it just may take some time for the whole crew to get the machine well-oiled.  I don't live far from this spot at all, so I will definitely be back to give them many, many more chances to improve. They also have completely redone the 2nd floor and I'm looking forward to checking that out soon!