I bought a yelp deal ($10 for $20) a few months back for this place not knowing they weren't open yet. Kind of frustrating that they would post the deal and not even be open, but it did say at the bottom of the yelp listing it was "coming soon" so I will take the blame. Their Facebook page said they would be opening the following month, but that never happened. I reached out to Café Casera by e-mail to see if they had any updates on when they would be opening. The owner responded promptly and said they were working out some last minute things and should be open soon and they would let me know when they opened. The owners word was kept, I received a e-mail letting me know they were opening and ready for customers. It took me a couple weeks after receiving the e-mail to make my way over, but with as long as I waited already what was a couple more weeks? 

Walking in hubby and I were greeted and given menus right away. originally, we planned to eat inside the restaurant, but the fountain machine wasn't set up yet and they only had cans of soda ($1) and bottled water ($1.25) so we decided to order our food to-go and get drinks from a gas station. What a bummer because they had Cherry Coke! I spoke with one of the owners, Julie who said they were waiting for the "Coke man" to come hook it up. I had a wonderful conversation with Julie who also introduced me to her husband and mother-in-law. I could tell while talking to Julie, just how genuinely passionate her and her family are about the food they are serving. She told me how they are there at 5 am each morning making everything from scratch including the corn and flour tortillas that are all personally made by her mother-in-law. 

Some of the menu items here will be something you have seen before at other restaurants, but I promise you Café Casera puts there own twist on each dish and I personally haven't ever tasted anything like it. I have never heard of "Sizzle" which is the specialty here, so I obviously had to try it! 

Sizzle Tacos ($7.95) - Seasoned ground pork and beef, onions, cabbage and cheese sauce inside 2 crunchy taco shells. The taco shells tasted amazing! They had such a fresh flavor and weren't greasy at all. The stuff inside the shell is an acquired taste for sure. I thought it was alright, but can't say I would order it again. Hubby took a bite and thought it was the best thing out of everything we ordered and he ended up switching me his Bean & Cheese Burrito for it. The burrito was so good! The flour tortillas here aren't your average flour tortilla, they are a bit thicker. The beans and rice were great. The beans are thick and the rice has a nice flavor, nothing dry or mushy about it.

Cheese Quesadilla ($2.25) - The menu says it is grilled with Colby cheese inside, but honestly it tasted more like Velveeta cheese. The cheese was very pasty. The tortilla was kind of burnt on the outside too. After two bites I was done, I just didn't like it. 

Sopaipilla ($2.75) - Yes! This was great. I have had different versions, but not one like this before. They put cinnamon and powdered sugar on it and it can easily be shared. It does have a sweet flavor, so if sweet things aren't your style you can try one plain. I enjoyed the sweet flavor and would order it again. 

As I sat there waiting for my food to be prepared, I noticed the menu boasted that the dishes were prepared with a "New Mexico Flair" so if you want green chile they can add it for 75 cents. It confused me because if the dish is prepared with New Mexico Flair, wouldn't it already have the green stuff in it? Julie was kind enough, because I forgot to order the chile on my tacos, to give me 2 free sides of it. This was awesome green stuff indeed! Hubby was just eating it with a fork, cold and all. I do wish the chile came warm and was already included with the food, since the food is prepared when you order it, a customer could just say they don't want it on there. Oh well they were gooooood!

The inside was very clean and the decor was nice. There are about 4 tables inside if you don't want to take your food to-go. Café Casera also offers breakfast burritos on their menu. Purchase a yelp deal and give this family run business a try! 

Mon - Sat .... 7 am until 10 pm
Sunday - Closed