When the craving for Mexican hits, it hits hard and nothing else will satisfy.  So I was not stopping until I had some proper Mexican food!  Some co-workers had suggested Macayo and I was pleased to find out there was a location five minutes from my work... how convenient!! I went in with a friend and we were famished, so of course we ordered close to everything on their menu!  We were greeted with warm chips and salsa, which was amazing!  We started with their appetizer sampler and their dip sampler.  Both were HUGE portions and we immediately regretted how much we ordered! The appetizer sampler was great!  It offered pretty much two of everything, which was perfect for us to split.  Their dips are all amazing. 

After sufficiently stuffing our faces with this, the rest of what we ordered showed up at our table.  Now our server definitely thought we were crazy for how much we ordered, but we hadn't been forewarned about the serving sizes! (Consider yourselves warned!  They're HUGE!)  We got a few things to split since we were new to Macayo and wanted to try as much as we could.  We got the TCT and juevos con chorizo.  I feel like we also got something else that is escaping my mind right now!  The TCT is a giant open, family style quesadilla.  It was a great way to share with my friend and put exactly what we wanted on our own quesadilla.  Brilliant in my opinion!  For example, my friend loves beans but I don't... serving the quesadilla this way lets her have what she loves without ruining the quesadilla for me, and vice versa.  

Now after spending a few months in Brazil, I am quite the chorizo enthusiast.  For this reason, I get kind of nervous when I try chorizo at a restaurant, because let's be honest how do you compare to local Brazilian chorizo?  Macayo did not disappoint! Their chorizo was delicious that I ate up every last bite! 

Now, I only tasted one very, very briefly, but from what I'm told their Margaritas are amazing.  From looking at their menu, they definitely offer a variety of flavors and types and my friend got one and they're huge!  I unfortunately don't drink tequila anymore (let's just blame one bad night in college for that one) and couldn't enjoy one of the refreshing drinks, but you should definitely get one next time you stop by Macayo!