I had a chance to go here on a date with my gf on a week night earlier this past week.  I've made the mistake of trying to go here on a Friday or Saturday night, and have had to wait over an hour....multiple times!  If you wanna go to Cabo, go on a Wednesday or Thursday night.  You usually can get right in and get seated without any wait at all.  My gf and I choose to sit outside on the patio as it was a gorgeous late summer's evening.  The evening seemed to have a certain tune or melody; with the reggae lowly playing and acting as a theme song for the evening. 

When we first sat down, I was worried that despite the fact that we were seated immediately, we were gonna have to wait awhile, because the patio-area was full of peeps with the same idea we had.  But to my surprise, our waitress was totally in control and we felt like we were the only table out there. 

We went on half-price pint night, and I was able to make two DOS Equis Ambers disappear before our meal ever arrived.  As part of our Cabo tradition, we ordered the famous Baja SHRIMP and CRAB DIP!!  I have always maintained that the pita bread makes this dish and not the actual dip itself.  And this time, our pita slices were perfect, not too hard or burnt (as I've had them before), so of course our Crab dip was extra-awesome!  

For dinner, I ordered the Carne Asada Wrap (see pic) and my gf ordered the shrimp and chicken Baja Bowl (see pic).  Everything arrived to our liking and after taking a few pics for you fellow YELPERs, we jumped right in.  I loved the carne asada wrap.  The wrap was very warm and stuffed with all of the traditional tex-mex fillings - refried beans, cheese, onions and peppers, etc.  The steak was cooked perfectly.  There is nothing worse than taking a bite of a wrap or burrito and you find that the meat is tough and chewy - not the case with my wrap.  I could not have asked for anything more out of a $9.25 wrap.  My gf loved her Baja bowl.  She was especially fond of her decision to get a mix of shrimp and chicken.  Her one complaint was that the chicken seemed to be a bit bland, and lacked that mystical "something".  Otherwise she was more than satisfied with her meal.

My only complaint with this place would be the guacamole.  As a guac lover, I expect that if you offer it on your menu as an appetizer, you can make it and make it in an appeasing manner.  Their guac was anything but impressive. They prolly need to go back to the drawing board with their guac recipe.  If you are going there looking to get an appetizer, stick with the Crap dip and stay away from the guac.  And yes, I like saying and writing "GUAC"!  

Other than the guac, our meal, and our overall dining experience was great.  Our server, though busy at first, was on top of everything, and I can't say one bad thing about her service that evening.  Everything just seemed to work well together - the late summer evening and the cold Dos Equis, the hot crab dip with soft pita slices, the waitress, the wrap and the bowl, they all came together in an ooze of perfect harmony, to create the perfect dining melody.