I've been to Taco Haus twice now.  The first time was actually before they opened while they were having a brief 2 hour open house.  They had a few tacos to choose from, chips & salsa, agua fresca, and toward the end they also brought out some ceviche.  Between my husband and I we tried all the tacos (they were offering chicken, carne asada, and lamb).  We were really impressed. Hubby's favorite was the chicken and my favorite was the carne asada.  The lamb was good, but a bit spicy for me (although it doesn't look like it made the menu anyway).  The ceviche was really tasty too.  I found the chips and salsa to be just okay (chips were really thick, and the salsa needed more flavor) and the agua fresca was watered down (they just had it in a large container with ice already in it).  Overall though, we were happy and it was definitely a place we wanted to go back to once they opened.

We just went back this week for Taco Tuesday.  We had empanadas to start, several tacos, and some street corn.  We had absolutely no complaints about our food. The chorizo empanadas were great, the tacos were super fresh and delicious, and the street corn was new and interesting (the popcorn made it different, in a good way).  By far our favorite taco was the pork belly.  It was so good we had to get a second round of just those (note: those are not part of the taco tuesday special, but well worth paying full price).  Unfortunately I was on some medication and couldn't have a margarita, but I'm definitely looking forward to one next time.

The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars is because based on some pictures I've seen online (both from the restaurant and from other diners) it seems like their dishes aren't always consistent.  I was expecting my street corn to be on the cob, but instead got a bowl of corn kernels with toppings.  Do they substitute with canned corn when they run out of fresh corn? My pork belly tacos, while delicious, were pretty plain (just a single stripe of avocado crema on top), but I just saw a picture of the same taco with some beautiful toppings.  These are pretty small things, and they won't stop me from returning.  I just feel like they should provide the same experience for all diners.