Don't you just feel sorry for any restaurant in the Valley of the Sun, which sells Mexican food?  I mean, just look at the competition; sort of like opening a place that sells sand and hoping you'll stand out.

But this restaurant does, indeed, stand out.  Avondale/Goodyear has and has had its share of good Mexican restaurants.  So what's the big deal about this one?  For starters, it's not all about the fast food versions of Mexican food any gringo would be familiar with:  burritos; tacos; chile rellenos, etc. etc. and all drowned in rice and heavy beans.  You can have that, if you want:  they sell them.  But there's so much more.

First, as someone, who seriously needs to watch his weight (like 2/3 of Goodyear/Avondale) and actively does something about it (unlike 2/3 of Goodyear/Avondale), I appreciate a Mexican restaurant, where I can go in and order, for example, a delicious stir fry of chicken, beef, pork, etc. that won't make me feel guilty for not going back to the gym a second time that day.  If I want to give myself a lobotomy, so I don't know what I'm doing, I can enjoy a very tasty Pina Colada or Marguerita or Daquiri from the bar.  I can enjoy a Mexican pizza for an appetizer, which really could suffice as a whole meal for the less gluttonous of us.  I can enjoy salsa and chips while waiting the short time for my meal to arrive, which taste really good.  And it doesn't hurt that the servers, who bring you your meals are almost always friendly, polite and quick to serve.

It's no coincidence, that getting in here on a weekend night can be a bit harrowing at times; but the wait is worth it.  My only complaint:  you seriously need to bring earplugs some nights.  Never mind the live entertainment they have now and again:  people who come here are boisterous, fun-loving and not at all shy about having a good time.  If you don't like noise, you most likely won't like it here.  That prices are reasonable and portions are usually (too) large, doesn't help to drive people away.

Raul and Theresa's, to be fair, is far from being a restaurant, which will knock your socks off.  The food is good, but there are much better Mexican restaurants in the Valley.  That said, this is indeed the best one in Avondale, in my not-so-humble opinion, and well deserving of your patronage, if you're in the area.

You won't regret it.