Oh, the decor. This place is worth a visit just to see what can be done architecturally with salt blocks. Apparently they use them for cooking and serving as well. I know because, as I was trying to coax my husband into the ladies' room to look at how they finished the walls (really), we were intercepted by Brian (one of the owners I think) who filled us in on the design features.  He even checked the men's room for occupants before ushering me in to see the paint job in there. 

Our waiter was totally helpful when we asked about the beef anticuchos appetizer in our best canadian-billy  accents. This is an excellent appi. I totally recommend. Back to the waiter, he didn't even laugh when my husband wanted the Mahi Mahi tacos but ordered the "Ahi-Ahi tackos "(rhymes with rack-o. I know it's not a word.) Excellent also -- with sweet pickled peppers sliced on top. Not your average fish taco. We ate four of these lovely things between the two of us. They're really good but really small, so don't share a plate. See, that's we do, we're usually overwhelmed by the portion size at most restaurants and have learned to just order an appetizer and share a meal. Then we're usually sated. If not, it's time for dessert. 

For dessert, I had a coconut margarita. With pineapple juice and bits of toasted coconut, it was very tasty and still had a smooth tequila flavor (which I relish). 

The only thing keeping this from a five star-rating was the small portion size. We were almost home when my dude took a left instead of a right and pulled into the McDonald's drive-through. He then ordered a Big Mac and a Double Double (whatever that means) with fries. I was flummoxed and kind of scolded him with - why didn't you just order some more good food at The Mission rather than eating this garbage?.

Then I held the warm bag and smelled the fries. I ate all of them before we pulled into our diveway. So, I guess I was still hungry too but dazzled with the design and on my best behavior after getting busted for trying to sneak my guy into the girl's room.

It was a great dining experience - I highly recommend it. Just don't share.