I was on the hunt for a sit down Mexican restaruant on my way home. I couple places I passed because the parking lot was filled and I was by myself and needed quiet.

I pulled in to this tiny parking lot and was relieved to see only a few cars. I walked in and I stood there for a second when First waitress told me to sit anywhere. So I walked in and grabbed a booth. First waitress took my drink order: Horchata and a water. Second waitress came up handing me a menu and asking for my drink order. I told her First already took it.

A few minutes later Second came back with chips, two different salsa's and a glass of water. I gave her my order: Friday Special Albondigas soup with flour tortilla and a side of refried beans. She walked away and a minute later returned to ask me again if I wanted flour or corn tortilla.

Well I waited for my dinner, I dived into the chips and salsa. First issue, the salsa are in SQUEEZE BOTTLES. Really!?!? How am I going to dip my chip in this?? On this small PLATE?! Annoyed. Needless to say I made a mess but I enjoyed them. The green salsa was nice and spicy. The red had that "burnt" taste. I don't know how to describe it, its not actually burnt ...maybe a mole type taste. But both were delicious regardless, even if it wasn't chunky salsa.

My soup arrived in a HUGE bowl with 4 HUGE meatballs. Chunks of tomato, bell pepper and onions. You can taste the tomato sauce and was very flavorful and came with a side of rice. My beans were in a large dish and the tortilla was nice and hot. The soup was sooo delicious I'm still thinking about it today!! The rice though was a bit disappointing, there was chunks in it like it had been sitting all day. The beans I had to scrap the cheese to the side but they were about average but perfect couple with the chip and salsa.

During my meal I realized First waitress never brought me my drinks. But Second waitress was very attentive and when she checked on me I asked for my Horchata.

It was a cute little restaurant, the booths backs are very tall for privacy and the margarita's must have been good because every 5mins I heard the blender go off.
With the exception of First waitress, the service was excellent, Second had stopped by making sure I had everything I needed several times. Everything together cost $13.07! Very inexpensive for a delicious huge meal.

I will be back.