I cant say that I am impressed, but for Phoenix, id have to say I enjoyed it.
Since I got pregnant all Ive wanted was mexican food. Okay, more like the delicious burritos I used to eat in the bay area when I lived there, but still, I wanted mexican food. So, I settled for some tacos and barrio had some yummy sounding tacos.

I had high expectations and maybe that was one of my problems. Although I gave it four stars, I have to say it is just because it is here in Phoenix that it got four stars. If it was in the bay area, it may have only gotten two. But here in phoenix it is hard to get decent food, and I have to say if I need tacos again while I am here I will go back to barrio to get them. Wishing all the while I lived in the bay area again, but thats besides the point.

So my brother and I pretty much knew what we wanted when we got here. We waited outside with our dad and his girfriend for an hour before the restaurant opened for dinner. 

to drink- wanted a margherita but couldnt order one damnit- got the hibiscus drink. very tasty. tangy and refreshing. heard the margherita was good from my brother and the beers my father had were refreshing for him as well.

I wanted to try the lobster quesadilla for an app and so ordered that. my father ordered the queso fundido. 
I was disappointed in the quesadilla- kinda cold and not much substance, especially for the price. BUT I was impressed with the queso dip. SO yummy I couldnt stop eating it. slightly spicy and very cheesy. mmmm. loved it. tho there were a few stale tasting chips which were kinda offputting, no one else seemed to notice. guess I got em all.

For entrees, though I was halfway through the dip and getting fuller as each second passed, I decided to stick with what I originally wanted to order, as did my brother. I had read earlier that the portions were small- well that is not so. each taco plate came with four tacos. and some with fries. fries? yuck. had to pass. but the tacos!...

I ordered the shrimp tacos- so fabulous so glad I ordered them- and the chicken tacos that were not on the online menu and made me change my mind from steak to chicken- were yummy yet was sooo full didnt really enjoy them till I ate the leftovers the next day.
My brother orederd the pork tacos- extremely tasty if I do say so myself- and the filet mignon torta- which wasnt what he expected and I myself couldnt really stomach (meat was a little on the sweet side and way too much bread.)
dont know or care what my dad's girfriend got. 
my dad got the chile relleno which he seemed to enjoy but complained it didnt have all the shellfish in it that it mentioned, a couple shrimp but no scallops. i think he wasnt impressed after waiting an hour to eat here.

overall it was satisfying. although completely overstuffed when I left, I will know better next time. dip for appetizer and ONE taco plate.