I was in the area and decided to stop by after reading @jOanne & @keith's reviews.

Good thing I read the reviews first because I walked in and immediately saw the large kitchen counter where you order....there are 3 ordering stations where you order directly from the cooks.  Since I already knew about it, I walked up like I knew what I was doing....until they started speaking to me in Spanish.....then I got a little flustered.

The menu is very simple....there are only a few things you can order and it's printed in large letters above the kitchen counter (see pics).  I decided I wanted to try the Chorizo Taco & Carne Asada Taco....and then curiosity got the best of me and I went for an order of Carne Asada Fries....they are $10 while the Tacos are $2....what does $8 more get you?  I was about to find out.  I threw $2 in a tip jar on the counter in front of the cooks and waited patiently for my order.

The food is homemade and made from scratch right in front of you....including the Tortillas.  You have to grab a tray and wait for your cook to make your order because they hand it to you right after they make it.  From there, you pay at a register on the other side of the room by the door....kind of like a Cafeteria in a Hospital or Convention Center.

My cook made me the two Tacos first and told me that he'd call my name for the Carne Asada Fries.  He asked me if I wanted everything on the Tacos...I said yes even though I had no clue what that meant....after I got the Tacos, I realized that it meant Onions, Cilantro, Guacamole, and Salsa....perfect!

I jumped right into the Chorizo Taco first....it was pretty good.  Good proportions on the toppings and the size of the Taco was decent, worth $2.  Next was the Carne Asada Taco....but before I could take a bite, the cook called my name for the Fries....when I picked it up I knew I was in trouble....the damn order of Fries was huge!  It must have weighed at least 3 to 4 lbs!  Seriously!  (see pics)

I finished off the Carne Asada Taco...which was pretty good.  The meat was fresh and cooked perfectly....it wasn't overcooked and didn't have too much fat on it.

Then I looked at the beast called Carne Asada Fries....no wonder this damn thing is $10....it can feed 4 people!  I knew there was no way I could finish it and felt bad because I was going to waste a lot of it.  I grabbed my fork and attacked it.....basically, it's French Fries (think McDonald's sized cuts) covered in Cheese, Guacamole, Carne Asada, Sour Cream, & some other kind of Cream.  The Fries were cooked just right....not too soft, not overcooked.  The flavor of the dish was awesome.

I gave it my best shot, but could barely finish just under 1/2 of the plate (see pics)....great value though....could easily feed 4 normal sized human beings.

The only gripe I had about the joint was a lack of a Salsa Bar....or Hot Sauce.....I would have loved to pour some on my food, but had to do without...that's what kept me from giving them 5 Stars.

Will I return?  Yep!  Next time, I'm bringing backup to help me with the Fries!