First, let's get this clear: Los Dos is *not* a "Mexican" restaurant.  It is "New Mexican."  So if you're expecting whatever your idea of Mexican food is, you'll be confused and disappointed.  No soft tacos, no fish tacos, no big piles of tomato and lettuce with a side of sour cream.  Even the chips and salsa are different--the chips are thicker and crunchier, and the salsa is thin.  And there is no *mild* salsa.  

I do not recommend this place for vegetarians,  nor is it for folks who don't like spicy food.  I also do not recommend their margaritas, unless you're okay with paying 10 bucks for a weak, too-sweet drink--to be fair, I like my margaritas the real, old-school way: tequila, triple sec, lime juice.  That's it.   But beer lovers should find something they'll like.

If you're smart, you'll steer clear of the pedestrian fare on the a la cart and combo menus and order from the "chef's specials" section.  I highly recommend the chile relleno with adovada and the chile plate with machaca.  Of course, you can customize several of the dishes by selecting whichever meat you want--chicken, adovada, machaca, etc. The only non-spicy option here is the carnitas, which I never order because I love the adovada too much to pass up on it.

The plates come with beans (very good) and rice (okay), and the servings are huge. The tortillas served on the side are thick, chewy and the perfect vehicle for sopping up all the spicy, gooey goodness on your plate.  I always end up needing a to-go box, which I invariably send home with my partner--one "cheat" a week is plenty, thanks!

The servers have always been friendly on my visits.  Last night, we had a very sweet young man who was as attentive as we would want.  The kitchen and the bar can be slow, though.  So don't expect to get in and out quickly.  The only thing that I totally disapprove of is the way the bill is sometimes presented.  Depending on how busy they are, sometimes the waiter brings you an iPad sort of device, and then stands there while you sign your bill.  I don't have an issue with going digital.  My problem is that the screen basically demands that you select from one of three pre-set tip amounts--I think it's 18, 20 and 22%.  I find that incredibly tacky, presumptuous and very awkward, since the server is standing there, waiting for you to finish with the device. 

So I hope that the owners of this location are listening: Some of your guests may not know how to calculate a tip, but please don't insult those of us who do.  Do not impose upon our judgement of the service.  If you're *really* worried about your servers being screwed over by angry/cheap customers, make sure your employees do their jobs well, and/or pay them better.  Thanks.