I love this place. I hadn't visited this establishment in over 17 years. As I told this to the gentleman that took my order, his response was "It hasn't changed at all (the food)" and I totally agree. I remember way back then, I would look back into the kitchen and see Nana's, Mamas and Tia's cooking, which to me says this place is truly authentic.  I had ordered what I always got before, the green chile plate and just for funsies, I tried one of their green tamales. I swear the tamale tasted exactly like my Nana made every Christmas! 
The green chili plate comes in a foil pan filled with the green chile, beans and rice. All the food touches so if you don't like that sort of thing... ask for them separated. Oh! I forgot to mention as I had also forgotten that it comes with a huge taco as well, I seem to remember them coming in shredded beef and this one was ground beef but it was still very delightful. 
I ate outside on the patio and it was a little loud but I was alone so if I had someone to talk to I probably wouldn't have noticed much. They gave me bottle full of green salsa to compliment the meal and I had bought a soft drink that was refillable. It was a small cup 12 oz I believe so I had to refill a lot since I'm such a wuss a eating real chile ( yah yah I know I know, I also don't speak Spanish either). 
Anyhow I noticed that you can buy the tamales by the dozen there, I'm not sure how much that would be since I know I paid something like 3 dollars for the ONE I had. I have to say, prices sure have gone up. I asked how much for a tortilla and almost choked when he said 3.95 or 4.95 depending on the size (12 in or 14 in). I said... uh maybe I'll just stop at Food City and get a whole dozen (but boy are they delicious). 
In short. I love this place. It is not fancy, you can be very casual when going there. It is safe to say, this is the spot Hispanic people go to to get REAL Mexican food. Filibertos is kinda a joke in comparison to this place and be prepared to pay for the upgrade in flavor. 
I will definitely be back for more! As a matter of fact, I want more now!