What you need to know is that this is NOT a standard Mexican joint.  You may find some names similar to what you can get at Macayos or Garcia's or heck, even the wonderful Carolina's.  This isn't Sonora cooking the way we know it, and it's not Tex-Mex either.  This is Mexico City food.  Go as often as you want - no passport required.

Let's start with the feel of the place.  It's on the corner of a strip mall, but it's behind a bank building so you can't see it from the street.  Once you go inside, you might forget you're in a strip mall across from a suburban mall (Paradise Valley Mall).  There are custom brick and stone archways dividing the entrance and midway through the restaurant.  Great copper work along the wall that has a window into the kitchen, highlighting the copper plates above the window ledge.  There is a mural on the wall over the ample sized bar area that is an homage to Diego Rivera's work.  In shelves, and over the archways there are other pieces of pottery, tile work and other pieces that really set the stage.  They also have a great outdoor seating area off of the bar with overgrown climbing plants providing shade in the summer and heaters for colder nights.  There are several scattered TVs that are both viewable from most tables but are easily ignored.  Most nights it is soccer - of course.

You'll be brought chips and 3 dippers, a green tomatillo sauce, a great chunky salsa and a red sauce that has a nice spice to it, but I can't quite place the flavor.  Next, you'll notice the menu.  The last time we went my dining companion notices how many items were made with bacon.  You'll also find lots of great meals that I haven't seen served at other restaurants.  In my years of coming here, I haven't been disappointed by a dish yet.  Some items are similar, but different. Enchiladas are almost square shaped and come in a small dish.  Fajitas don't come in a skillet, which continues to cook and burn the edges, but in a large heating pan that you'd imagine seeing on a buffet line.  

Average meal price is about $12 and worth every penny.  Deserts are also wonderful - but it's been quite awhile since I was able to make it to dessert.  

La Parilla is really great if you're in the area - and even good if you had to drive a bit to get there.