Here is a little background about San Francisco bay area super burritos.  It is a giant belly bomb with meat, cheese, bean, rice, sour creme, guac, and pico wrapped in a giant tort and then wrapped up in tin foil.  They are all over the bay area.  There basically isn't a taqueria within 100 miles of the bay that if you walked in and asked for a super burrito that wouldn't serve up this delight exactly like this for around 6 bucks.  I have actually carried on La Tapatia burritos multiple times through security at the airport when I come back from visiting home.    

Some of you might be saying, that is no big deal, sounds like chipotle.  Well Mr. Chipotle was working in S.F. and fell in love with these burritos and went back to denver and started up chipotle.  It's true, check it out on wiki if you don't believe me.  Now for me chipotle dozen't really cut it because it's like a watered down corporate version of what a S.F. burrito really is but thats another story.  Imagine a big chipotle burrito but made with the greasy salty food from roberto's and you are close to what it is all about.      

I digress, the owners of this place are from the bay area and they serve up the authentic thing.  If this place was in S.F. it would be a very average burrito place but considering we are in vegas and that this place is pretty legit it hits the spot for sure.  Their burritos are actually a little small for what is normally standard but in reality they are still plenty big enough for all but the biggest gluttons and they are under 6 bucks to boot.  Their 2 locations are the only places in vegas serving these up that I know of (besides chipotle and it's rip offs).  If you know of more help a brother out.   I am going to try their other and way closer location soon but I don't imagine it is any different.

FYI this place for some reason dozen't have rice on their super burrito so if you want the super authentic thing just ask for it and they will put it on, it's better with it IMHO.  

Their steak is all I have tried and it is quite tasty, it's lean, tender, and flavorful.  They advertise that they use sirloin.  Their chips are pretty awesome too and I overheard someone talking about how they have the best super nachos in the world so it's probably worth a try, they are under 6 bucks too.