I've been here twice and now feel like I can write a fair review. First off I'm very happy La Santisima came to Glendale. Hopefully it can spark a renovation in the area. 

The decor is really cool, lots of paintings on the mall of skulls and of lucha libre wrestlers. Not as many as the famous lucha libre tacos of San Diego, but very cool. Especially in the bathroom they have posters of El Santo which I believe was a Mexican wrestler and actor.

They have lots of room inside, and a nice sized patio facing Glendale ave. to be honest I doubt I'd sit out here at night to "people watch" if I was the only table, but I would if it was busy. 

After two visits I have to say the food is excellent! My favorite has to be the Mayan Cochinita Pibil Tacos. Both times I've had the and they were excellent! Very juicy and full of flavor.  Today I just had the Oaxaca Black Mole Chicken and shared the Sonoran Carne Asada Tacohe. Man both were awesome! The mole was really unique and it had shredded prices of chicken in it. Very good. 

I ended up buying a few Groupons for this place and can't wait till I can try more food. I have a feeling this might be my favorite restaurant in Glendale if not the west side of Phx. 

My only complaint and reason I gave it 4 stars,  not 5 was the service on both days. I have read other Yelpers complaining about the service. We came in during a Saturday night while there was a festival. It was super bush and got lucky to get a seat. After about 15 mins to get our order we were told by a neighboring table that they have been waiting for over 1 hour and were about to leave. We ended up waiting about 40 mins after we put our order in for our food. I made a comment to the manager who apologized and said a cook and 2 servers called in. I appreciate his honesty. Sticks for the restaurant because I can tell this was a big business day and they might have missed out on some sales. 

On our recent table in a quiet Sunday night our service was much better. Not great, but it was good. I will be coming back so if the service improves just a little more I would easily up my rating to 5!

Overall great tacos! I'm sure everything else is good too. Oh almost forgot about the salsa bar...wow! Some pack a punch and a half so try them all to see what you like!