It's the last day to claim those Entertainment book coupons and after finding out Siena Bistro was closed for a private event, we headed to Las Islitas #3.  Their banner outside advertised lunch specials starting from $5.99, Monday through Friday.   

I had already called ahead and learned that their seafood dishes were not part of the coupon special.  After looking through their menu, it left us with very few choices.  (Their specialty is seafood, so the majority of the menu had some kind of seafood in it.)  On the back page of the menu were a few meat dishes so we stuck with that selection.

The waitress had already brought over tortilla chips, salsa, and fresh limes.  (The Big F really liked their tortilla chips and I found their salsa with just the right amount of heat.)  We were more than hungry by the time our food arrived.

The Big F ordered the Carne en su Jugo ($14.95) "beef stew with bacon, onion and green sauce" - The first thing I tried was their refried beans and was impressed.  Sure, they don't give much rice, and they really should give more beans because it's that good!  It's so creamy and unlike other refried beans I've had.  The Big F thought the beef stew was different, and liked it a lot.  His plate was licked clean.

I tried their Fajitas de Res ($14.95) "beef fajitas" - It came with either corn or flour tortillas, and I chose the flour kind.  Chunky pieces of beef with red and green bell peppers, onions, and some other red vegetable.  It was a pretty filling dish, and I had enough for leftovers.  The Big F found the beef to be a bit dry, but I loaded it with salsa and hot sauce, so I couldn't really tell.

We were definitely curious about their seafood dishes since we saw other diners enjoying themselves on generous dishes of ceviche.  

Overall, we were surprisingly pleased with our lunch.  We went in the afternoon, so it wasn't too busy.  We were probably more bugged with the 'no seafood' part, so we couldn't really enjoy what they offered if we wanted to take advantage of that coupon.  Oh well.  Next time!

American Express not accepted.

3.5 stars.

(Pics posted!)