The salsa, meal, service, price, and beer selectIon were worth 5 stars to me.  While the dirt parking lot and the dining area interior bring it down a little, I'd say not that much considering its a casual Mexican restaurant, so I'd really rate it 4.5 stars but Yelp doesn't allow ratings with half stars. 
Bottom line, I'd look forward to going again and I definitely would recommend it to friends.

Arrived and was immediately seated.  It was 7PM on a Saturday night and the place was full except for only two tables being left.  Looking around I saw lots of families were there and I counted 4 food servers.  The place looks like an older, private residence that had two separate additions to it for the dining room and then the bar.  Very casual and a comfortable, jeans type place.  There is a large outside area and since it was late November (60 degrees, brrrrr! LOL) a fire in the pit was burning.  

Chips and Salsa promptly arrived from one server and as I noticed the green (Salsa Verde is my favorite!) another food server had a menu and asked about my bar order.  Mexican Beer arrived quickly with lime on the top 
- Darn fast service.  

The green salsa is outstanding and the red is not far behind, but I knew better than to fill up before my meal.  Mating it with beer counters that, LOL! 

I had read Yelp beforehand, so had seen both Mark and Julie's reviews on the Pollo Fundido (price $12) and ordered the same.  The food server complimented the choice as one of his favorites so my expectations were high.   Rightly so, as it turns out.  Shortly thereafter the hot plate arrived with a nice soft, smooth fundido topped with its cheesey cream.  As my fork dived through, I found large, flavorful chunks of chicken inside.  The main was garnished with shredded lettuce on the far side, rice on the left and beans on the right.  The green salsa had no chance of remaining and I mixed the rice & beans together then poured the salsa verde over it.
When I finished and asked the check came quickly and concluded a very nice, casual dining experience.