I think this is my new favorite Happy hour place in Vegas!

The Pink Taco is located inside the Hard Rock Hotel.  We got a great deal for $40 a night the last time we were in Vegas.  $40!  Can you believe it?

Anyways, let's get down to the review of this place!

We checked into the Hard Rock at around 3 pm and our group met up in the Hard Rock lobby at 5 pm.  While walking to the front desk, we noticed that there was a Pink Taco, so that is where we decided to go for Happy Hour.  4.5 hour drives and 90+ degree weather definitely had us craving for some discounted alcohol.

We were immediately seated at the bar.  Service was good!  I wouldn't say all that attentive, but they get you in and out without too much delay.

Between Andrew D. and I, we spent about $30 ish.  And boy did we get a BUTTload of food!  We were full for the rest of the day!

Happy Hour Items:
1.  Chicken Nachos (This would have been enough for the both of us to share.  We didn't know how big the portions were until they came out, but it's a BIG plate of nachos!  You'll love it! Hot and cheesy and crunchy with lots of toppings! You NEED to get this if you come to Happy Hour and it's SO cheap...$5-$6 i believe)

2.  Steak Quesadilla (This is a pretty big portion as well!  It came with a generous side of guacamole and sour cream)

3.  4 beers!!  They had this happy hour deal where you can buy 1 beer and get the second free.

4.  3 fish Tacos (We ordered this from the regular menu because we weren't sure how big the portions for the machos and quesadillas were.  This came with 3 yummy fish tacos with beans and rice- big boy sized plate as well).

So you see??? All those items for $30 ish!  It was a GREAT deal!  They also serve you tortilla chips and give you 3 little sauces to dip your chips in and they are DELICIOUS!  We all definitely left that place jolly and full!  

Is there a Pink Taco located on this strip?  It's too bad it's located so far away, but other than that; I would definitely come back for their great happy hour deal! :)