The carne asada was great... Good flavor, cooked over charcoal... The al pastor also tasted really good... Salsa bar is not bad.. I asked for a side of beans and rice but they don't serve rice... So i ended up with a side of beans only... That was weird... What i didn't know is that my order of beans also comes with tortillas... Not one or two tortillas, but TEN. What the hell am i supposed to do with all these tortillas??? I had a few with my beans but ended dumping the rest... Actually there are a number of weird things going on here... You order your food at the counter, then u get a small rectangular styrofoam plate for the salsa bar (never seen that before... Lil cups for salsa, sure, they had those... But a little square styrofoam plate for cucumbers and carrots... Interesting)... Then when the food is ready, they call your name and place the food on one of those little styrofoam plates right on the counter... They don't use the order number on the receipt or any precise method like that... So if your name is Helen, Ellen might grab your taco... If your name is Eric, Derrick just got your burrito... But assuming you get the food you ordered you wont be disappointed, good flavors... Its all meat for the tacos and burritos... So u end up relying on the salsa bar to add something to your meaty taco/burrito... I didn't mind. Okay, so now I'm done with my food... I guess I'm supposed to throw away my trash (not sure, so I'm just watching the locals to see what they're doing) but they don't give you a tray so i'm stacking all my little styrofoam plates and slowly walking over to the trashcan trying not to drop all these salsa soaked plates on the ground and make a huge mess. I had to make two trips because i had too many of these damn little plates...  Okay so now i'm ready to hit the road... But wait - now i gotta pay. So you got to go up to the counter again tell them your name and the pay the bill... Again if your name is Filbert, you might end up paying for Dilbert's quesadilla (okay, u get the whole name thing now)... But its just kinda weird and inefficient... They also have a drive through window... But they don't use it... The drive through window is boarded up... Overall the food is really good but it could just be organized a little better.