Free birthday meal!? HECK YES!

Sooo on your bday they email you a 7 coupon for your bday, as long as you sign up for the email club prior. Now Ive been to Rubios in San Jose and really liked it! My son enjoys their classic fish tacos, and on Tuesday after 230 you can get them for 1.25 each! DEAL!! I on the other hand do not like fish, but do like shrimp, Im a weirdo lol. Anywho we ventured here after school a few days before my bday (they send the email on the first of the month) 

I scanned the menu for chicken and shrimp options, and asked the cashier what she recommends, her answer were the street tacos. Now I wanted to get more bang for my freebucks so I ordered the chicken burrito sans tomatoes. My son chose 2 fish tacos so my total was only 3!! SCORE!! We went to the salsa bar and got some hot salsa and FRESH cut limes!! FRESHHHHH! We always opt for water bc soda is the devil, I went ahead and squirted (dirty!) a lime into my water and enjoyed how yummy it was! 

We only had a short wait and our food was BROUGHT OUT to us! WHOA! I couldve walked my little fat ace up there and when I seen him I stood up and he said no and walked it to us. Talk about hospitality! I cased my burrito and noticed it needed to be mixed up and needed more crema. I was a little afraid to ask, but he gave me a generous helping of it. YUM! So I put my crema and salsa and salted that bad boy. Now typically I do not like beans in burritos, unless theyre from Chipotle. Here the burritos taste like a more Mexican chipotle and most def make you feel fuller. The burritos are long and medium, not short and fat like Chipotle. 

We both bit into our yummies and honestly I wasnt crazy about the burrito... it was kinda a fail : ( It honestly had no seasoning and was pretty bland even after all the stuff I added. I even added lime to give it a light taste, but negative! Also the tortilla dried out pretty fast bc the AC was on in there so my burrito pretty much stooped over and died mid meal. Thank goodness they give you chips otherwise Id be eating it with a fork. My son only ate 1 taco bc they also got a little soggy... we are the weirdos who take like an hour to eat, but since the ac was kickin it kinda died up our tortillas. No biggie! Cant be all grim over almost free food!!

Now I give this place 4 stars bc of the customer service, as mentioned above both the cashier and food runner were very courteous. Also, my son was wandering and seen a beach ball so I asked if they sold them and the cashier gave him a FREE RUBIOS BEACHBALL! How nice right?!

All in all we'll go back to try the other yummies!!