Poncho's is one of the many places that you're tempted to not review because it means more people will come.  The place is already packed almost any night we go so it's not like it's a secret, and most everyone knows about how Clinton ate here when he came to town which gives it some good Mexican food street-cred.   That said, I still know folks who would go to a chain restaurant instead of driving into "South Phoenix".  They have no idea what they are missing.

First of all, don't confuse Pancho's with Poncho's.  Pancho's is a Mexican buffet place near the Rhythm Room where you raise a flag for service.  Poncho's is an amazing restaurant with roots in Phoenix that are deep and wide.

Poncho's was created oh so many years ago by a woman who made food and sold it from her house.  Food was so amazing, business boomed even back then.  They added a walk up window to the front of their house.  Then a few tables outside.  Then they figured they might add a few tables inside.  Pretty soon they realized they needed to move out and turn the whole thing into a restaurant.  Good choice.  

I don't know how to recommend anything on the menu because everything I've tried is great.  In my household Chimi's reign supreme.  I'm a fan of a few of their combo meals. Close your eyes, point to the menu, eat.  That's my recommendation.  It will be good.  

There is a back entrance to a lounge area where you can sit at the bar or one of their tables.  Full menu service is available.  It's an awesome place to watch the game on their big screen.  Everyone has been super friendly when we've been there.  The smallish rooms created when you make a house a restaurant can get a bit loud, but it would be worse if we were in one giant room.  Again, I've never been here when it wasn't hopping.  Tuesday, generally one of the slower nights, we had a 10 min wait for a table. It's never insane, but the biggest negative has to be their waiting area.  Or waiting hall I should say.  The door in is say 6 steps to the hostess booth down a "hall where you can touch both sides with your hands at the same time easily - but there is a long bench on one side.  Since the place is packed most nights, that means a row of folks sitting, and a row of folks standing against the wall.  If this wasn't all close enough, new folks sometimes try to walk in and go up to the hostess area, or meet friends in the restaurant so they are walking down the middle.  That said, we have had some fun conversations while waiting.  Last Friday night the hostess (and older lady that I'm guessing is a partial owner) was busy running around and getting a drink, so young lady said to all the new groups that walked in while she was out, "Well, I've been coming here since I was 6, so I'll play hostess" and she started putting our names down on the list.  That turned into a "who's been coming longer" competition which was won buy a guy in his mid40's or so, we didn't ask, who'd been coming almost weekly since he was 4.   Funny how those tight quarters can lead to some pre-dinner bonding/story-sharing.  

So on top of the friendly folks, the great service, the fun wall painting (The Clinton room, as mentioned below, does have a picture of him painted on the wall.  It also has a painted representation of where his secret service guy stood during the whole meal.  One of the bus boys heard us showing it to someone and he stopped to mention to us, "Yea, and he looked JUST like that ALL night."), the amazing food, and the short from down-town commute - these are some of the best dang prices you are going to find for real sit down service anywhere.  Every once in awhile we'll get a coupon for $1/off a chimi and we often don't use them because the bill is so low it already feels like a deal.  On a recent dinner, for 4 adults w/ full meals - but no bar tab, it came to $37 AFTER a 25% tip.  

How many other places in Phoenix can you dine with a President for that price?