Good *little* spot for tasty burgers and tacos. 

I see lots of people checking in here all the time, and they've got a solid four star rating, of course I wanted to check the place out. Then deal chicken had a run on burgers apparently and were selling $20 to The Stand for just $10, so we bought it. I hate to waste a good deal, so we planned to visit for dinner one day, missed it and planned the next week, over and over. Finally, we landed here for lunch on a random Thursday. 

Is it better than an In-N-Out? I don't know, but it was pretty close in taste, and bigger in size. Who doesn't like bigger? This IS America, right? Everything was fresh, tasty, and I left feeling like I'll be back at some point in the near (or distant) future - who knows.

We tried a couple of the ($3) short rib tacos, delish'. A ($5.50) burger with cheese, and we added ($.75) grilled jalapeños to it, also a great idea if you want to spice it up a bit. $2 will buy you an order of Mexican corn, a (half) ear of corn covered with chipotle mayo, cheese, and chili powder. A reasonable sampling of their menu, and over all it was a great (unhealthy) meal.

After ordering, we stood off to the side for a few minutes chatting while waiting for our order to be called, and waited, and waited some more. Before I even realized we weren't getting our order, the lady behind the counter asked me what we had ordered, I guess she noticed us standing there, and everyone else getting their orders filled. I probably would have gone another 5 minutes or so before realizing. Apparently the POS (point of sale)  ;-) forgot to print out the order for the kitchen. Great service, I thought. Thanks for noticing!

My only issue with The Stand is the extreme limited seating. During lunch, and I can only imagine I was not the only person annoyed with this, there was a consistent line of about 5 groups of people ordering food, with only 4 tables inside to sit. Probably not a big deal eight months of the year, but August is definitely not one of those eight wonderful Phoenix months. I am not about sitting outside on a patio during lunch, sweatin to the oldies, and then heading back to work, no thanks. Adding insult to injury, there was a rather large group of people chatting away who were set up at three of the four inside tables that had finished their meal 20 + minutes ago, ARGHGGHHG. That was not very considerate, considering the room full of people holding their trays of food fighting for a spot to eat. Finally, the fourth table cleared out and we were able to snatch it up.

I decided to sit on the same side of the booth as my wife, in case someone else wanted to sit on the other side; I guess no one was outgoing enough to randomly join, but at least I tried. We ate our food, with a bit of small talk, wiped our table and went on our way. There were still 6 or so people aimlessly wandering around for a seat, and the moment we stood up someone else grabbed the booth; all the while the one large group was still chatting away, drinking their soda's, taking up three tables.

I'm not sure how off putting something like this would be to diners, but I'd suggest trying out some friendly, non-threatening signage asking something like "please consider diners waiting to enjoy this spot too" to be put out during peak times; like lunch on a Thursday, and put away during other times. We enjoyed the food, enjoyed the service, but didn't enjoy getting cramped up into the little box of a dining room on a lunch break. I'm guessing this is a much better drive through spot than dine in.

Happy Yelping Phoenix! Please, drive on through for your order. :-)