Don't get me wrong, I love this place. And I love that it's 24 hours (it's also super close to my house, score~!). But I'm starting to get really pissed off. Every time I go in there (I order the same thing every time), I ask for a burrito "and can you add all the extras to it please?" (I'm not painting myself in a better light here, working in customer service in my teen years has trained me to always be polite). Without fail, the girl (always a different girl so far) will always look at me SUPER confused like she's NEVER seen the menu before in her life. The menu is simple: tacos, burritos, etc... And then "extras" to add to your main dish (there's also extra sides, so maybe that's the confusion?). No matter how good her English is, I have to point to the God damn menu and go "extras please" and she'll ask about them all. One. By. One. "Rice?" Yes.. "Guac?" Yes.. "Salsa?" ALL OF THEM, DID I STUTTER? Due to my crankiness after a 12 hour shift last night, I didn't care to go through this dance again, I sent my boyfriend and he told her the same thing "all the extras added, please". She was confused. Clearly, because when he got home my burrito (which I've been looking forward to ALL week for my diet cheat day) had nothing but meat and cheese in it. It was not a burrito. It was a sticky meat tube. His burrito came out perfect by the way, how did she get one and not the other?!?! My cheat day was ruined. I can't just get another one the next day because they're HUUUUGE (my inner fat kid is usually delighted by this fact). Can't eat that more than once a week, no sir. 

Like I said, I love the food, I love the place. But these are some of the dumbest, most unaware, fucking oblivious cashier girls I've ever encountered. At the very least, I did some math and found out that I wasn't charged for the extras I requested and didn't receive, so that's nice at least. Next time, I plan to just silently give her a written list. Can't screw it up if it's right in front of you, right? .... Right? 

I want to give you five stars so bad, I really do.