I have to say...there are not many times that food is good enough to surpass not so good service. This is one of those times. 

I went here on a Friday night for a drink and a light dinner with my husband and daughter. When the server came over I asked if they have Margaritas...and she said yeah...what kind I asked?? UUUhhhh the red and the green one was the response...I was so shocked by this I could not even get angry...I laughed very hard on the inside. Anyway..I ordered the "green" margarita on the rocks ($4.50) and it was not too bad. The husband had the happy hour beer special for $2 and got 2 coronas.

To eat the husband and I shared the 3 taco plate and added an extra taco. We got 2 carne asada and 2 barbacoa with rice and beans ($8.95). The tacos were soooo yummy...lots and lots of meat with a sprinkling of cilantro and onion ...and thats it...the way tacos should be. They were served on a homemade corn tortilla that was thick and delicious. The barbacoa was our favorite and I found myself taking very small bites to make it last as long as possible. The rice and beans were perfect also.

My daughter had already eaten dinner so she ordered the sopapillas. They were totally like grandma makes...and were served in a brown paper bag piled high and accompanied by the little bear honey to drizzle on their already sweet goodness.

When we were done the husband decided he wanted to take home a taco with each of the different meats they offer ( I think are like 6 or more types of meat ) Which by the way when I asked what a certain kind of meat was that I had never heard of before to our server she told me to read the menu...thanks!! Anyway...sadly the were out of every meat except the two we already had...so we just got the 2 tacos 2 go. When the server brought them to us she was like...so are you done NOW? LOL...wow.

I do not think she meant to rude....I just think she was not experienced. But hey...I will definetly go back and am looking forward to trying their other menu items.

Go check this place out...and they serve Menudo all day Saturday and Sunday.