The four star designation comes with an asterisk for Roberto's. It's 4 stars depending on your sobriety level. Because of that, I'll complete my review in three states of soberness, those being: Stone cold sober, mildly buzzed, and OMG did I really do that?

Stone cold sober: When I haven't had a few swigs of captain courage I'd give Roberto's a strong 3 star rating. It's decent Taco Shop food. They do carne asada the right way. Their beans are so-so. They generally top everything liberally with cheese. I'm a big fan of their California burrito and/or cheese enchiladas. The enchilada sauce is really good, just the right amount of kick. Everything is always very fresh. Their are occasions where the food just isn't that consistent, then there are times when it's absolutely bomb-digity. 

Mildly buzzed: So I used to live in the houses right next to Roberto's, and on more than one occasion I stumbled over there at about 2:30 in the morning with eyes way bigger than my stomach, a pocket full of cash, and nothing but the night and some additional brewski's awaiting. At this point, Roberto's gets a very strong 4 star rating. One, because it was literally a 3 minute walk from my house, Two, because it is open 24 hours. And three, because I'm pretty sure that after enough to drink I'd rate it some of the greatest food I've ever eaten in my life. Late night eats often included Carne Asada Nachos and rolled tacos. Both very good. As others have reviewed, the Carne Asada Nachos are pretty amazing. Add multiple drinks prior to eating and you might give Roberto's a Michelin star. 

OMG did I really do that?: At this point in a night you're either at your absolute best or rock bottom worst. I've experienced both, but I couldn't begin to tell you what I ate, how much I ate, how good it was, or whether I'd recommend it to a friend. Because of Roberto's convenient location, there have been numerous pit stops here at the 4am hour. I'm thinking that my go-to item may have been a cheese quesadilla. Something kind enough on my stomach not to send me praying to the porcelin gods, but greasy enough to absorb a portion of the 5 beers, 4 jaegerbombs, and unknown amount of jello shots. At this point in the night/morning/dawn Roberto's is a 5 star Taco Shop, capable of both feeding that drunken appetite and nursing people back to sobriety...one burrito at a time.