There is a need for a place like Roberto's in just about every city. Cheap, greasy, open late at night Mexican food should practically be a god given right. Food baby seekers look no further, just about anything from Roberto's is coma inducing (food and more) , and is the promised land for Mexican munchie heaven.

I heard through the grapevine (read: drunk guy waiting in line to order) that this first ever Roberto's to open in Vegas. While I can't be sure of how true that is, I am certain the place practically looks it. A total dive with a handful of tables and a counter for ordering, along with suspect odors permeating the air that make you question if that's food or just the bathroom door left ajar. I've been to much nicer Roberto's before, but the dodginess of the strip mall and shady parking lot are charming enough to keep me coming back.

Be it burritos, rolled tacos, or their infamous carne asada fries, all options here are a guarantee for satiating that hunger. The wet burritos are of worthy consideration and the enchiladas are plenty saucy, not to mention cheesy. Not to be confused with rich textural Mexican platos, Roberto's is more akin to junk food 2.0 with a little Mexican flair. Beware of too much crema, the back of your pants might just start whistling.

Over the years, the prices haven't changed much. Most items are in the $4-7 range unless you decide to go baller status and throw in a few camerones (shrimp) dishes which are as much as $12. Seafood isn't cheap in LV and Roberto's is no exception. Thank goodness they accept credit cards.

While I can't say I would recommend the tamales (dry, a bit of YMMV), I am definitely a sucker for their breakfast burrito. It's not too big, but it's hearty enough to pass for any sub 1,000 caloric breakfast item. Eggs are usually fluffy, the meat is solid, and the spiced out potatoes give an extra kick. For those of you who are back and forth with the meat selection, just know that machaca (shredded beef) is the way to go.

Open 24 hours. Gracias to all who made this happen.