Blanco Tacos is the home of one of my most favorite happy hours in Tucson. $3 tacos, $5 delicious, well-crafted drinks (get the strawberry-pineapple daiquiri or the white peach & hibiscus margarita - you won't regret it!), 3-6pm every single day. Sit out on the patio and enjoy one of the best views of the mountains in Tucson!

Blanco Tacos has made me completely alter my feelings on the concept of a chicken taco. I used to think there was no point - chicken is so prone to being over-cooked and under-seasoned - why would I ever choose chicken over beef or pork in a taco? But after trying the pastor chicken tacos at Blancos, I've craved them again, and again, and again. So juicy and so flavorful! By far their best happy hour taco. The BBQ pork taco served during non-happy hour is also a hit.

Sadly, the pastor chicken tacos only available during happy hour so you have to time it correctly! I imagine there's a reason they can't serve it at all times... probably not enough chickens in this world to serve the demand they would get!

The service has been a hit or miss at Blanco. The most recent time I was there for happy hour, the waitress rushed us like crazy. After finishing our tacos, she asked if we wanted dessert and our check. We asked if we could order a second round of drinks, hoping she would get the hint that we actually wanted to stay for a few rounds. Instead, she brought out the check with our drinks and desserts. She came back 30 seconds later to grab the check and started taking our waters, and almost took my friend's dessert when she had one more bite. I could understand if the place was packed and she wanted to rush us along, but it was in the middle of happy hour and the inside was half empty. It definitely prevented us from ordering any more and at some point, it became comical how much of a rush she was in. But I suppose I would prefer that as opposed to super slow service. And she was nice, just a little clueless!

That one experience aside, I'd highly recommend Blanco for a cheap and fun way to spend an afternoon with your significant other, for a treat after a long morning hike in the Catalinas, or to take out-of-towners who want to experience a twist on Tucson cuisine in an upscale, but comfortable, environment... And do yourself a favor and try a pastor chicken taco. :)