I recently visited Zapatas on my latest visit to North Vegas. I went on a Friday night around 830 and YES this place had a very long wait. The parking area is pretty big which is a plus and its very good access for entering and exiting. My only complaint was there is hardly any place to sit when you are waiting for your food. There are two small benches on the inside and maybe two on the outside.  Most people sit in their car or on the little stoop outside the restaurant. Upon entering I was greeted by two lovely hostesses who gave me a menu since I wanted to take my food to go. I decided to sit at the bar and order my food. The bartender was amazing...................although they don't have a drink menu they have a FULLY STOCKED BAR......with some of the best tequila hands down. I had the Peach Margarita first and the alcohol was not scarce :-D. After less than 5 minutes of sitting at the bar we were given Chips, Salsa, and bean dip with cheese. It was so delicious and the chips were fresh and crunchy. The salsa had a little kick to it but I love things spicy...........

Around 20 minutes later I received my food.......I ordered Shrimp and Steak tacos with a side of Chicken tamales...........The steak tacos were pretty good the meat was flavorful and the tortillas were soft..........i did not care for the salsa that came with the tacos  but it wasn't bad........The Shrimp tacos were the highlight of my meal....the shrimp was plump and had just the right seasoning on them .......I immediately fell in love I wish I would have ordered more...... the onions and lettuce was fresh as well .....I don't think I have had shrimp tacos that were that good in a long time.......the tamales were good I wish it had more sauce on them but not too bad......they also came with olives on them which were pretty good.
Overall I give this place a 4.......definitely worth coming back for a night out with the ladies for some good food and awesome drinks! If you are near Nellis AFB you surely have to try this place out!