We walked to Roberto's this morning at about 2 am, in search of good Mexican food. We are from Texas and are sick and tired of all this Baja style food out here, we wanted something a little more like Mexico City.

Well, we found it here!

We both loved our food. I had a chile relleno, chicken enchilada, chicken taco, beans, rice, and churro. He had chile relleno, tamale, beans, rice, and churro. Everything was very flavorful, just the way we like it. The verde sauce was good (very hot!), did not try the red salsa just because they usually all taste the same anyway... I'm a verde kind of girl.

The ONLY complaint we have is that my husband's tamale soaked up all the grease belonging to the chile relleno, so it ended up tasting like a plain-ish enchilada. My chile was on the side in its own package, so all the grease and goodness stayed where it belonged. (And if you're getting grossed out reading about grease, that's how real Mexican food should be, FYI. Eat it in moderation and you're perfectly fine. We like to eat but we are not fat.)

The meal made my husband sweat, which means it was good and spicy, just the way he likes it. He is the one that declared it to be 4 out of 5 stars. I liked having the scallions, radishes, and cucumber on the side. Nice touch at the condiment bar! Everything was cooked up nice and fresh, plenty of cheese on everything that needed cheese, no skimping. The churros were fantastic, reminded us of the churros at the State Fair of Texas, which are literally like tasting Mexico. Very delicious. I love that they don't just offer Horchata like everyone else, they also had 3 other fresh juices to choose from, plus the bottled Jarritos which are always good.

Everything made for good leftovers as well. Definitely priced well for the amount of food you get and the presentation. And if you're worried about spicyness, don't worry. I don't like spicy but my husband does, and we were both very satisfied. It's all in knowing how to use your condiments wisely.