Evidently this was a place called Posh Nosh till 2007, then de la Cruz Bistro from 2008 till summer of 2012. Margaritas Grill just opened up about a week ago and I stopped in tonight because I was in the area and ready for a bite.  I had researched it for info and only found one review, on Urbanspoon, which said it was great and meals were priced reasonably at under $10. I don't eat a lot of Mexican food in AZ because I can get it so easily in San Diego but I'm always game to try a new place of any kind.

The menu is not extensive but has some delicious sounding choices, mostly seafood.  The prices were decidedly not under $10. Dinners were mostly $12 and up, even some of the appetizers were $12-13.  I got a dinner special that was not on the menu after my server told me about it. It was a tamales plate with rice and beans for $10. I am admittedly on somewhat of a budget since I'm just visiting, though long term, and usually just eat out once a day.  I decided to splurge a little and got a House Margarita for $5 too.

My waitress was great, very friendly and attentive, checking on me periodically to see if I needed anything.  A+ for service.

The pork tamales were really good.  They had a lime touch to them that gave them a nice tang, the meat was very tender.  They were pretty mild, which I liked, but some people might find them too bland for their taste if they like theirs spicier.  

The beans were so good I was sorry there weren't more, they disappeared too fast.  They were the thinner style so what looked like a wide portion was really a bit small since they spread out.  They would have made a fantastic bean dip.  The rice was also very good, maybe some of the best rice I've had this trip.  The amount was appropriate.  The tamales were neither huge nor puny, just average.  I would say it was a meal worth the $10.

The lettuce wasn't awful, just not cold, crisp, fresh, or seasoned in any way.  It was chopped large like a salad yet had no dressing.  There was no sauce, salsa, sour cream, guac, cilantro etc to add a little variety to the plate.

The Margarita was very good, didn't seem real strong, but I wouldn't have wanted it to be since I was driving.  It had a nice balance.

If I were to make a suggestion it would be to include a dollop of sour cream and maybe even a bit of guacamole and salsa to make it more interesting, and increase the portion of beans. Beans are cheap, you might as well be generous. 

It was a bit dark for photography but I did get a few pics which I have posted.  The atmosphere was pleasant and relaxing, though.

I would say if you're in the area and hungry, this would be a solid place to eat. If I get back next trip I think I'll try one if the seafood dishes. I almost got the tilapia fish tacos tonight.