This was my first time coming to this place and I will have to say that the carne asada is my new favorite. It is a bit greasy but has amazing grilled flavor and is nice and tender. I tried one regular carne asade taco, a asada burro, and a pork tamale. My wife had two carne asada grande tacos and a beef tamale. This was also my first time ever eating a tamale and it was a bit sweet for both my wife and I and she grew up eating tamales so I would have to trust her judgment on that! The burro was crammed full of meat which is something I have almost never seen at other places, because it's usually just filler with a few pieces of meat, so that was amazing! 

We also ordered a regular size horchata  for my wife and a large fountain drink for me. All of this ended up being just under $20 for the two of us so this place is really reasonable. 

The decor is pretty basic (which I don't care about) but if you care about ambiance, just focus on the delicious food instead. Chips and salsa were complimentary which was nice. The green tomatillo sauces were pretty standard and didn't really have much flavor and the other red salsas were pretty spicy so keep that in mind if you're sensitive to heat, but I enjoyed them nonetheless!

- 1 star because the restrooms needed some attention with the floors and empty soap dipensers, while the place does have a sign in the main plaza sign list it really needs a better one above the front door instead of the vinyl banner that blew up and over the roof, and finally refills for drinks are A DOLLAR per refill! This was a big turn off for me since (if you do some research) the average cost of a 20oz fountain drink is about $0.22-0.25 if you add up the cost of the syrup, water, ice, cup, lid, and straw. So with a large drink costing $2.50 here, I could get eight refills using new cups, lids, straws, etc., and they would still make a profit! I'd say either make the refill cost MUCH less or get smaller cups, charge a bit less for them, and then have free refills. That is really the only thing that truly bothered me about this place.

Overall, this place was great for our first time visit! The food tasted fresh and cooked to order and the cashier was friendly. We'll be going back!