I tried Taco Guild for the first time a few weeks back. We were booze cruising for a "friends" birthday and this was our first stop to grab some food. Walking in and realizing that the place was at one time a Methodist church was pretty cool and getting drunk in a old Methodist church was even better! First thing we noticed is that there really isn't a ton of tables so I would assume that there can be some pretty heft wait times during the busy hours.

4 of us bellied up to the bar as the tables were packed. Our bartender/waitress was awesome and was very helpful as 3 of us never ate there before. Looking over the menu, there wasn't a massive amount of items to choose from which was a pretty nice change of pace. I got the grilled steak burrito as it looked to be the most appetizing thing on the menu to me (i'm not an overly adventurous eater, I like simplicity). We had a bowl of chips and salsas/hot sauces and I ended up eating a whole thing of it on my own lol. The regular house salsa was awesome, not too spicy but a decent kick after a few chips. There was a habanero hot sauce that was pretty good as well.

Once my steak burrito came out, I jumped right in. I used some of the salsas/hot sauces but the food did not need it at all. The steak was cooked perfect and was juicy and some of the best I've eaten in Phoenix (I am a HUGE carne asada buff too). I destroyed the burrito in no time and probably could have eaten another one but decided against it as we were biking around Phoenix and it was hot. 

My buddy got a couple of the lamb tacos and I was blown away by it. I HATE blue cheese with a passion, its gross and just no. I took a bite of one of the tacos with everything on it and it was amazing. We ended up ordering a few more before taking off.

I have been thinking about this place nonstop since I ate there but haven't had the chance to from being busy. I will probably get the same thing again as I said, nothing else looked like my cup of tea (other then the lamb taco) and I will enjoy every second of it.

I gave 4 stars because i will honestly only eat the 2 things I mentioned but its a 5 star joint, prices were very fair and the drinks were made right.