I visit this Moe's in Dilworth occasionally for lunch on Saturdays.  I think the burritos taste a bit better at Qdoba and Chipotle, but Moe's offers something the others don't:  free chips and a salsa bar with a variety of yummy salsas (including my fave, the sweet green tomatillo salsa; I could literally eat buckets of it).  

I hate the whole "Welcome to Moe's!" thing when I go into a Moe's.  It's very insincere sounding and just sounds so unenthusiastic/routine.  Nobody even looks up to smile and greet you.  They just listen for someone to come in the door and shout.  I'd have nightmares about it if I worked there.  

Anyway, the service there always seems a bit off whenever I go.  It takes awhile for someone to greet you because they're busy doing whatever side work they're doing and/or talking amongst themselves.  

This last time around, I tried the vegetarian burrito.  It comes with "free" guacamole whereas you have to pay to get it on the meat-filled burritos.  It seems kind of silly to ask me what I want on my burrito, but they do.  I want everything that's listed on the menu, that's what I want.  Maybe they're hoping I don't ask for the more-expensive guac even though it says it comes with it?  

The male manager who works there and operates the cash register is usually quite rude, abrupt, and doesn't care whether you're there or not.  And, most times, he's watching a sports game on one of the TVs in the dining room instead of doing his job.  He's your stereotypical store/restaurant manager.  This time, he took time out from frying up nacho chips (a daunting task, I'm sure) to briefly ring me up and sliding my food to me across the counter, before returning to his other task.  Well, thank you, and you have a nice day, too.  For that, you want me to fill up your tip jar prominently located at the register?  Methinks not.

The burrito seemed a bit small without the meat.  Qdoba and Chipotle seem to give you more rice and beans.  Maybe this would be a good idea for Moe's, too, especially on vegetarian burritos?  It tasted pretty good, though, but the guac could have been a bit fresher and brighter green.  And, naturally, the chips and unlimited tomatillo salsa were fantastic.  They even have a new salsa: a mixture of a tomato salsa and tomatillo.  It was good, too, but I still preferred the green tomatillo.  

I give the burrito a solid B, the chips and salsa bar an A++, and the service a C.  Hence, my four stars.