3.75 stars because 100% Natural Mexican Grill is one of the better taquerias in town.

This place understands the first rule of a great taqueria: 
Use Fresh Ingredients.  
And they offer that in spades.  We ordered the chicken burrito and mahi mahi tacos.  The burrito came with dripping fresh pico inside, freshly cooked and seasoned rice (with a nice spice to it), as well as delicious and soft refried beans.  The tacos?  Well, the mahi mahi came topped with fresh cabbage, tomatoes, and avocados, yum!  Simple and fresh goes a long way to creating a great taco or burrito.  They've got that part down pat.

The second rule of a great taqueria: 
Treat Your Protein with Respect.  
Meaning: use quality meats and fishes, season the protein before cooking so that it takes in some flavor, and don't insult the protein by overcooking it.  This place scores again under this second rule.  The chicken in the chicken burrito was wonderfully seasoned and tender.  Seriously good.  I mean, I'm talking about a taqueria with a drive-thru and praising the quality of its seasoned chicken.  In the world of taquerias, 100% Natural offers a pretty amazing chicken.  

The mahi mahi was similarly fresh and had more seasoning than we would have expected.  And unlike the normal fish taco place, 100% Natural doesn't deep fry the fish, instead offering mahi mahi properly cooked in a pan.  The sauce they use on the fish tacos takes a little getting used to.  It's spicy and I love that, but pretty sweet as well.  It threw me for a loop for awhile and I wasn't sure whether or not I liked it.  After finishing off the tacos, I am tentatively pro-sweet and spicy.

100% Natural also offers some salsa bar options.  They have a variety of red salsas.  But who cares?  They have two varieties of tomatillo salsa--roasted tomatillo salsa and creamy tomatillo salsa.  I have to say the creamy tomatillo was surprisingly spicy--and I loved it.  And all of this earned 100% Natural Mexican Grill a solid 4 stars.

Sigh.  Point subtraction time:
The taqueria loses .25 of a point based on their seriously bad papaya juice.  It tasted like they had mixed feta cheese into the juice to produce a salty and almost moldy aftertaste.  Wow, it was bad.  So bad that I had to take a day off after drinking it just to remember how good their food was.  But other people on here have loved some of their fruit juices, so I'm only docking .25 of a point.