I stopped by Desnudo while home visiting and am almost sorry I did. Because now all I can do is wish for those tacos to be somehow teleported to me across state lines. Why can't modern technology keep up with my needs?

This is the most unpretentious restaurant you'll probably eat at in Vegas-it is a literal hole in the wall with pretty limited seating, fun decor and one TV for those socially awkward folks who like to watch a screen while dining with others. You don't to do that here; you're gonna want to focus on the food. Note: the parking lot is a small hot mess of a situation, so if you're coming during high traffic times, be prepared to be almost backed into or almost hit by someone coming around a blind corner several times as you enter and exit.

The menu isn't extensive and it can afford to be. Tacos are their specialty (obviously) but they also have tortas, burritos, chips+salsa, etc. Again, limited menu but you won't need to look far to find something good. I got the chivo (goat) and hongo (mushroom) tacos as a combo that came with rice and beans. I judge any place that serves Mexican food by the beans and if the beans are bad well then they might as well close up shop. Desnudo got the beans right. And the rice too. I probably shouldn't have eaten as much of the beans and rice as I did, but I couldn't stop! The tacos were fantastic-hard to say that one was better than the other since one was meat and the other basically vegetarian, so I loved both equally. I was skeptical about that mushroom taco (as I am with any vegetarian anything)-mushrooms are often used as a lame vegetarian substitute for meat dishes and it's often terrible. Desnudo did a great job of just letting the mushrooms be mushrooms and really capitalizing on their flavor. Didn't miss the meat with these! The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR! The fresh bright toppings offset the richness of the meat just making for a well balanced bite every time. I guess my only ding is that the meat could have been shredded better-there were some larger pieces in there that made eating kind of unattractive but honestly it was so good I almost didn't care. 

The service was really great-our waiter was friendly and attentive and I never felt rushed (the place was starting to fill up as we left). I have such an extensive list of places to visit whenever I'm home visiting and Desnudo's been added to that list!