I usually head straight to Thai Food To Go when I'm in the neighborhood for a haircut, but I decided to give this place a shot today.

This is Rivas Mexican Grill's second location, and it's on the opposite side of a nondescript plaza where Ninja Teriyaki & Sushi 2 Go has made a home. It wasn't crowded at all today during "peak" lunch hours, and parking spots were plentiful.

They run a constant 2-for-1 special on the chicken tacos ($2.85). The tacos are actually made with 6-inch tortillas, not the ubiquitous 4-inch variety, and pizza math suggests that you're getting something twice as big. I would say that the meat portion is not actually twice as much as you'd get at other places, but it's still nice. Instead of onions and cilantro, however, they top their tacos with pico de gallo, guacamole, and small pieces of jalapeño. I did enjoy the flavors overall, and I especially liked that they browned and seasoned the chicken cubes, but it's definitely different from the more traditional street tacos that you might find at a place like Taco y Taco.

In retrospect, the sope ($2.85) was not a great choice. I should have realized this when I browsed their web site's menu (which actually has photos of everything). The sope is sorta like a thick tostada in that it has a crunchy base, only this one is an especially thick "disk" prepared from masa (corn dough). The steak was pretty tasty too. Unfortunately, it really reminds me of a fully Americanized taco because of the shredded cheddar cheese, shredded lettuce, and sour cream. Using the lime and salsas (avocado-based or red) might help to salvage this, but I'll just stay away next time.

My favorite part of the meal was the carnitas torta ($4.75). The pork is cooked until crispy and the bread has a bit of a crunch that surrounds a soft interior. The avocado gives it a nice creaminess, the sauce is tasty, and I was definitely on my lime and salsa game at this point. Finally, the lettuce and tomato are fresh and really balanced out the richness of the other components.

I definitely plan to return to Rivas when it's convenient. They're open 24/7, and they have plenty of other menu items to try: nachos (with any meat), burritos (regular, breakfast, or wet), quesadillas, and combo plates are also available here, as are chiles rellenos, chicken wings and fingers, and a few traditional drinks.