I was curious about this place when it opened by UNLV.  I wanted to try it for the longest time.  Then by miracle one day, a coupon for a FREE burrito of your choice from Chipotle hit my apartment mailbox.  No joke!  I guess it was because my apartment was close to UNLV and they wanted folks to come check it out.  I kid you NOT...I was searching in our mailroom trash can for extra coupons.  I found like a half a dozen of em!  For 6 bucks a burrito I was definitely saving me some moolah.  I even took my gf out for lunch one day using these coupons (heh heh).  I was a dirt poor college student, not cheap!

Anyway, I finally get to go to this place.  I was a bit weirded out because the line was out the door.  I was like, "What's going on?".  Come to find out that you stand in a line to 'craft' your own burrito, and you can see what goes into it.  It was a cool concept, although a bit strange at first because I was expecting a few cashiers like Taco Bell.  The decor was nice, more modern, lots of steel, fewer colors and more monochromatic.  

I get to the front of the line and it's my turn.  It's like creative freedom kindgomness (if that's a word).  First I get to choose if I want a burrito, soft or hard tacos, or a burrito bol (burrito with no tortilla).  Then I get to choose my meat or veggies, rice and beans, then my goodies on top.  I go for a burrito with grilled chicken, cilantro-lime rice, black beans, pico di gallo, tomatillo salsa, and extra romaine lettuce.  This sucker came out HUGE.  The lady could barely close it and wrap it in foil.  I was so happy I could barely contain myself!  Big food for big boy!  It was seriously over a pound for this burrito.  After I kindly handed over my coupon I was on to the main event.   

It was sooooooo good!  I love this idea of your meal all nicely wrapped up.  It was great with the rice beans, moist chicken and the salsas.  The lettuce provided some 'snap'.  I smothered this beast with green tabasco at every bite...MUY DELICIOSO!  I finished it...barely.  It wasn't until later that I found out EACH of these burritos carry over 1100 calories with all the fixin's.  No wonder I slept like a baby afterwards.  

Eat one.  Or half of one and save the rest of it for later.  You won't regret it.  Unless you eat a whole one with extra beans and hot salsa, then you might.  But probably not.