I love this restaurant and I probably go about once a month; however, there's just something about the inconsistency that gets me to just feel like it's not quite there.

Mad Mex offers a funky decor and typically quick service.  If you plan to go on a Friday or Saturday night, I suggest reservations because there's nowhere really to relax indoors when you are waiting for a table.

Being regulars, we have settled into a few choice menu items.  If you bother to read the menu, you'll notice a few jokes hidden in the description of items, so even if you are a regular, it's worth a read.  We always start with some chips and pico or the Picka Dippa and some margaritas.  The black bean dip is to die for.  Slight bit of spice, creamy black beans and a little bit of melted cheese.  The beer cheese isn't my favorite, so that one is never ordered, but we regularly switch up the salsa choices.  For margaritas, we have settled on the Ultimate margarita or the Don Julio VIP.

The burritos are huge.  Seriously, as big as your face type of huge.  At this restaurant, you will definitely use your silverware.  Of course, they are filled with a lot of rice and beans, so I recommend to pay extra for double meat to make a more desirable meat to starch ratio.  The chimichanga is great, but pre-made so they can't accomodate any changes.  The tacos and fajitas are good and come with nice warm flour tortillas.  Enchiladas tend to be oversauced, but overall good.  

The food tends to be quite consistant and you get what you expect, but other parts of the meal tend to be hit or miss:
1. I think it's the sour mix, but something about the margaritas tends to be really inconsistant.  Sometimes you get a strong one, sometimes not so strong.... Sometimes you get a sweet one, sometimes you get a sour one.  It's never terrible by any means, but you really never know what you are going to get.  The Greentree location has the most variation in the margaritas while McNight road's margaritas tend to be better more often.
2. As off-season tomatoes tend to be finiky, sometimes the pico is fresh and flavorful, sometimes you get the gritty or cardboard-ish tomatoes.
3. Some of there servers are great while other times you get one that leaves you wanting more from the service.

In contrast to another review, YES, they do appreciate you on your birthday.  None of that childish singing or a flamboyant dessert... if you are on there list, you get a birthday card for a free burrito.  That's better than any of that cheesy crap.  Although a casual dining chain restaurant typically isn't worthy birthday dinner fare, if someone's giving away a free burrito, I am there.