The quest for some good mexican spice continued as I set off towards the Hard Rock the other day. I was hungry, and I needed something that was both fast and tasty. With the amount of time I had before the Lakers game, I wasnt looking for love, a casual fling would do just fine. My tastebuds were willing to accept a one night stand. 
But really, a guy can still dream, no? 
God, if only I could find it. 
A place with salsa in bottles on the tables.
Maybe a couple jars of horchata on the counter.
And fresh produce, greaseless tortillas, and no sour cream in the building...
Someday...someday...
  
In my head as I drove across the strip I started doing the map out. 
Ohana BBQ? No eastern and WS is too far...
I decided Id go to Eastern and Trop and that would be my cutoff. 
There use to be a "Super Burrito" over there, its gone now, I learned that the hard way, but there was still other Mexican joints around it that warranted a sample. 
I decided on Tacos Tizon and dove on in.

This is one of those places thats incredibly hard for me to rate.
it could fall between 2 and 4 stars, depending on your expectations and your order. 
I got the Pastor tacos which weren't my style at all but for some reason I think I will order them again. The Pastor is done kinda Hawaiian style. They had flat long chunks of meat which was seasoned kinda pastily (pastey? paste-ish? with a paste like sauce?) which was mediocre but was somewhat saved by thin slices of pineapple. This is probably why I will order them again, because it was a little different. But in the end, I think its a flavor thats not really up their alley. They need to stay their lane on this one. Just cook the damn pork, chop it, grill it and slap on some flavor. Something tells me none of the cooks make theirs at home with the paste/pineapple combo. 
I also got some Carne Asada tacos and those can come with pinto beans. These were a little better, although needed some help from the salsa bar, which, while fully stocked, came up a little shy in the "hair on your chest" department.  
Soooo, foodwise its average. 
But unfortunately, theres more to life that just treating your tongue to spice and laughing at the fall of the Laker dynasty from a self inflicted food coma. 
Theres a little thing called $$$$, which is why this place gets the extra star from me. The board says tacos for 1.28 which is a hell of a steal, but for some reason they only charge me 88 cents per. Which is rediculous. I always order six, and then after they charge me the 88 cent rate, I order two more. Im wierd like that. At 1.28 a taco Im just fine w/6, but at 88 cents? I feel like Id be losing money if I didnt walk out with at least 8. 
I dont know why they charge me that amount, nowhere on the board was that listed, and it was a Monday the first time it happend, so it wasnt Taco Tuesday madness or anything like that. "40 cent Markdown Mondays"?
Probably not
Anyway even if the 88 cent doesn't last and 1.28 is the rate, I would still say the tacos are worth it. 

Overall:3.51 stars
Flavor: Cplus 
Service/Price/Speed/Phone Orders/Location: A