A perfect night to enjoy outdoor seating with impeccable service. I will preface the rest of my review by saying that our Yelp commandos set up a dinner for the Community Managers in town for Regional Week. Our menu was preset so I'm not aware of the costs.

The weather in Arizona right now is perfect for outdoor eating, so take advantage of it while the gettin' is good. The Mission's outdoor area accommodated around 4-6 tables of our group of over 20 plus as well as other guests not with our party. There was a fire burning in the hearth, probably perfect for when the nights become a little chillier. The owner greeted us by presenting us with a shot of Tequila apparently made by George Clooney (hello!?) and instead of a lime and salt, there was an orange with brown sugar. This is what they call, "mission style." Tequila is my enemy, but I sipped the shot and it was very smooth. I mostly ate the orange slice that I assume if I liked tequila would be a great innovative way to shoot it!

While most of our group opted for margs, I went rogue and ordered the red Sangria (though they have white as well) and it was perfect to pair with their chipotle salsa. Though I'm more of a pico de gallo/limey salsa girl, this one wasn't overly smokey. I have to say their table side guacamole was one of the best I've had. I love me some fresh guac, and if I could've had it for myself or had them make a bath tub of it, that would've rocked my world. 

The first menu item was a petite pork app. Two of our table guests didn't eat pork, and our waiter, Tony, and the owner quickly brought them out other options. The app was a great crunchy texture and various levels of flavor. This was followed by a shaved kale salad. I am a sauce/dressing junkie, so I could've had more of the dressing, but I understand what they were going for. Then we were presented with three adorable tacos; one pork, one steak and one chicken. The steak was Tecate Skirt Steak, and if you know me you know I love me some Tecate, so that was definitely my favorite with the pork being very similar to the app and the chicken one, probably coming in second place. I would most definitely go back for another round of the steak tacos. 

The service, again, was amazing. They would replace forks on a dime, ask about refills before you took your last couple of sips and they put napkins under our purses that we put on the ground. Something I have never seen, but consider immensely thoughtful. 

I would definitely consider coming back to the Mission for a more upscale Mexican dining experience, especially when the weather is perfect like this. Absolutely perfect for a big group!