I have been here like a dozen times, and this place is awesome. 

I saw that most of the bad reviews were about their service and not about the food. I, personally, have never had a problem with any of their waitresses and only once has my food been mixed up (whatever, accidents happen).

Look- the food here is good. I for one HATE mole, but a friend of mine ordered it here (I think it was in taco form) and I had a bite and I was like "heyyyyyy. not baaaaad." That says a lot about the quality of their food. 
They have AMAZING quesadillas. They're not your typical filibertos "I'm gonna throw some day old cheese inside this tortilla" quesadillas. No. They deep fried corn quesas filled with deliciousness. I personally love the steak & cheese quesa. It comes topped with sour cream and fresh cotija cheese. Try dipping it in their pecan salsa.

GET A HORCHATA! You won't be disappointed. It's homemade and they add melons, strawberries and walnuts into the mix. All those flavors pair so well together. It's the best horchata I have ever had.

They have an awesome salsa bar. I would guess there are at least 20 kinds of salsa in there. I also saw people complaining on yelp about their chips. I've been here a bunch of times and never received stale chips. Here's a tip people- If you get something you don't like... tell them! I'm sure they will gladly bring you another basket of FREE chips.

The ONLY, and I mean only, reason they are losing a star from me is because on my very first visit (a little over a year ago) they had a DELICIOUS strawberry salsa that I absolutely loved. I have since returned many many times and NO STRAWBERRY SALSA. I asked one of the ladies who work there when they were going to have it again and she told me she didn't know. I guess I'm just disappointed because it was SO GOOD and kind of the main reason I even went back the second, third and fourth times. But the rest of their food is still super delicious and I will continue to go here and eat up all their delicious drinks and salsas.