I love this Chipotle location and I won't eat at any other. I actually have one really close to my house and their rice's usually hard so I just stopped going there. I also tried the one in Buckeye once and they gave me so little food, I had to and buy something else to eat when I was done. I know at some other location on the East side the staff makes you pick between rice OR beans, you can only get ONE salsa, etc. So that's annoying.

But this location's awesome!! We go here once a week. I wait and wait patiently until Friday (I could eat here every single day but that's the only day of the week I eat out and I MUST have Chipotle) and it's the happiest day of the week :)

I usually order online at like 8 am as soon as I get to work, (I'm telling ya, I wait patiently all week for my burrito bowl!) and when I get there at noon my food's ready. Sometimes I gotta wait in line because other customers get there before I do but I usually don't have to wait for my food to be ready (maybe it's because they've had my request for 4h but who cares? I really just wanna eat at that point :))

The manager already knows us and I can talk to him if something's not fine with my order. He actually stops by every Friday to make sure we're happy customers. I mean, how many fast food restaurant managers do this? I don't know any!

Their portions lately have been a little bit smaller than what I'm used to, specially when it comes to the amount of meat they serve so I'll keep an eye on that and talk to him if necessary and I'm also having to order extra rice because, well, it looks like they're serving less too. Or it may be the person that prepares my bowl at the to go window, who knows?

In any case, if you're Downtown Phoenix and you want something yummy and inexpensive to eat, GO TO CHIPOTLE!! Lunch hour's busy every day of the week (specially Monday-Friday) but the food's worth it!

If you can, order online and save yourself a few minutes, they're good about it and when they haven't been, I've told them and they've taken care of me (giving me a free meal or apologizing for the inconvenience and not letting it happen again).

Keep in mind this is a fast food restaurant but their food's still great (reason why their line to order food at lunch time's so long). They also serve meat from naturally raised animals and when they don't have this meat available, they make sure they have sing at the door to let you know (in case this is one of the reasons you go to Chipotle so you don't have to wait for 20 min to order your food and find out THEN that your naturally raised meat isn't gonna be the one you're gonna be eating today) so I think that's pretty cool.

The price for extra guac is excessive in my opinion but that's the way it is everywhere else so no different than subway or any other restaurant here. 

Now if I could only find good copy cat recipes to make my own bowls at home... YUM!!