It's been at least a year since I been on freedom drive. I live across town close to NoDa and I currently work out in mallard creek, mallard church rd area. But on this occasion I had to travel to the west side for work related reasons. I was gonna drive to south end for a quick lunch but once I turned onto morehead street I seen a big sign from Picante that said "$2 tacos & $2 beers after 4pm" not a hard decision to make since I was considering chipotle for lunch anyway. 
Picante shares the same space as the Burger & Co. The inside has that textile mill-warehouse-to-restaurant conversion theme going, that seems to be the new trend in the Charlotte restaurant scene nowadays. They have industrial style chairs and tables a-la chipoptle style. But overall it seems to work, spacing was adequate, the place was clean and everything flowed well and the staff was very friendly.
If your a fan of Moe's, chipotle or salsarita's then you know what to expect. What set it apart for me is the $2 dollar tacos and more options for protein (beef, chicken, steak, pulled pork (carnitas) & shredded beef at no extra cost if you order the tacos. I ordered two tacos, steak and fish. I had a pretty cool.conversation with the guy preparing my order, I had the same toppings on both except I had guac on the steak and a spicy aioli that he recommened on the fish. I'm not much of a fan of mayonnaise based sauces simply because most of them have too much mayo and very little of anything else, but he said it was great so I tried it, and it was a great compliment to the fish. The steak and fish were very well seasoned, put them in a bowl by themselves and they could hold up on thier own, they compliment, not dependent on all the other toppings for flavor. The staffmember prepping my food was not cheap on the meat either, both my tacos were overstuffed, everything was fresh. I was very satisfied after my meal. Two tacos & a beer filled me up like one $6 burrito, with a little bit of change left over. My visit to Picante's was great and I will be going back to the west side more often for more $2 tacos.
For a long time, the only type of food you would find on freedom and the West side of Charlotte is fast food and southern style fried foods. Freedom drive had the reputation of being an area that was dangerous to be in after dark. So I'm glad to see that the current renaissance that is sweeping through Charlotte has not passed over the West side. The rejuvination process has been slow compared to other areas, but there has been progress. The city has taken an interest in revitalizing the freedom area (probably because its right down the street from.panther stadium and practice field) and now the street has new pavement, old historic homes have been renovated, abandoned warehouses and mills have been torn down and replaced with upscale condos and apartments or renovated for retail space and businesses have been moving into the area in droves. The law school is even located just down the road on Wilkinson Blvd. The west side will alway be a black community at its heart, that seems to have carried a lot of negative connotations over the past few decades.  But when the city took interest, so did business and it welcomed a new group of professionals and diverse people to redicover the goodness and potential in the area, slowly erasing the bad stigma that has plagued this side of town for years and restoring pride back into Charlotte's historic black community. Anyway, didn't mean to get all deep and PBS on everybody, just wanted to express that. Go try Picante if your close by sometime, it's another great place for lunch.