My girlfriends and I had dinner at Mundo and it was great - almost perfect. We all had their Cadillac margaritas, which was good not spectacular - but we were all in the mood to have a few drinks. Had mojito, sangria, and one other drink that I can't remember now. Their drinks are strong and hit the spot.

We had chips and guacamole, tuna tostada, chopped salad for appetizer, then sea bass, filet mignon, shrimp diablo, and skirt steak as entrees with sides of mexican risotto, wild mushrooms, and spinach with jalepeno.

Of course they have to have great guacamole -- it's a standard for Mexican! No?

The Tuna tostada was interesting... it's a tortilla triangle with a thin layer of tuna with some type of sweet glaze. i liked it a lot, but the rest of the table was just OK about it. We all thought the chopped salad was delicious - lots of little chunky veggies and seasoned so it was a tad on the sweet side but enough acid to balance. I'd eat just that for lunch.

Everyone enjoyed their entrees. I think the sea bass was the best. It was steamed in parchment, and was the most moist and flavorful fish I've had in a while. Next time I go back for dinner, I'm going to order sea bass. Both of the steaks were good but it's steak - nothing special in my opinion. My shrimp diablo was good, just a tad salty but great flavors - a little spicy but tasty. I only at two shrimp -- it came with six -- because I was too full by then. The bed of mexican herbal rice that came with my shrimp was really really good. The sides especially the wild mushrooms are a must. The risotto was OK along with the spinach.

Usually, I go for lunch, and it was the first time for dinner, and it was great. The only uncomfortable thing about the meal was at the end, our waiter come to tell us that we only left him $36 in tip which was 15% (I don't tip on the tax) -- which I thought was a bit rude for a waiter to come and tell you that you had only tipped 15%. We all sort of looked at each other and said, OK... we'll discuss it. We left him a few more bucks...but honestly, it sort of ended a great evening with an odd feeling for the restaurant.