This place is what it is. Solid "street style" Mexican food served right in the heart of South Scottsdale. This is a great greasy spoon with some legit dishes, quick service, and inexpensive prices. We usually hit this place up for lunch a couple of times a month but could very easily do breakfast or late night (open until 2 am) too.  While I normally get the carne asada combo which comes with rice, beans, salad, tortillas, and guacamole for only $6.48, this time I split the 3 tacos (carne, about $4.50) and the torta de milaneza ($4.17).  We also ordered a Coca-Cola o Manzana ($2.09, more on this in a moment) and a Negra Modelo ($3.01). Thankfully this place doesn't just use corn flakes and flash fry their milanezas. They actually lightly bread it and fry  it to as close to home made perfection as I have found here in Scottsdale.  The carne tacos were seasoned well and served with a mild salsa on corn tortillas. Don't expect them to be the large size, but do expect them to be stuffed to the brim and very filling.  As I mentioned the Coke was straight from Mexico and served in the bottle. While I am not a huge fan of the south of the boarder formula, my fiancee loves it and was ecstatic to find this being served here.  They do also have a soda fountain for those that want something a little more "local."  The torta was served on a warm roll with lettuce, tomato, and a little mayo and was one of the best sandwiches I have had in Scottsdale in some time.  It may have  become my new go-to dish here. If you like steak I definitely recommend you try it as well.  There is both inside and outside seating, but nobody is really sitting outside at this time of year without shade and a mister system.  There is also a pickled vegetable bar that I don't partake in but seems to get a ton of action by other customers every time I am in there. Normally during the work week I doubt that the beer would have been ordered which means that the two of us yesterday could have gotten out of here for about six bucks a piece which is great for delicious, authentic, filling Mexican food that you don't have to drive 2 and a half hours south for. One last thing, it is worth noting that this place is on the north side of Thomas just west of Scottsdale road and there is no way to make a left into the parking lot so make sure you are coming from the Scottsdale road side of things so that you don't have to turn around.