So after a few days in Vegas and doing everything we could to give the hotel/casino a shot... We simply realized that in hotel foods are just a bit too pricy when it comes to quality vs quantity vs price. Soooo, trusty old Yelp by our side, we click that Nearby button.... 
We see a bunch of thins pop up (duh it's vegas)... But one sticks out. Mexican place names Gerardo's... Decent reviews, seemingly decent price... And we are moving to El Paso Texas in a few months...why not? Let's try it. Plus they had a wal-Mart and petco in same shopping center. Needed some sundries and wanted to look at ferrets.. And fish... And maybe a rabbit... And a super cool climbing post for the cat that I don't even have. Win-win-win. 
The place was small. Bright colors on the walls.. Big mural. Black and white tiled floors. Few people inside, nothing fancy. Food was served on styrofoam plates... Cut back on overhead maybe? The tv was playing shows from a channel that spoke only a language in which neither my Japanese wife nor I can understand! What is this place?!? Who cares... FOOD WAS DELICIOUS! Wow. And fiiiiilllllliiiiinnngggg! It's been 3 hrs and I'm still full! Wow. I loved it, wife loved it... We will be back. 
My wife ordered the chicken taco with cheese enchilada. It came with beans and rice. Lettuce, tomatoes, maybe some onions? Salsa verde or rojo.. Cheese of course. She loved it. 
I'm a simple guy.. Looked up at the daily specials, Thursday says "rolled tacos: 5 and drink for $3.99". So I asks the lady... Hey girl, is a rolled taco a fluata? She said Si, and explained it in detail. It was a fluata, or at least what I know it as... 5 of them and a drink for $4? But wait, ya'll know I hate veggies or anything green... So I asks the lady.. Orale señorita,... Can I get sour cream on top instead of guacamole? She said Si.... Then hit me with a pregunta of her own... Oye guedo, you want beef, or chicken? 
I ordered the beef and said you know what, lemme get a cheese quesadilla... Cuz I'm white and hungry and a fried Tortilla filled with one cheese is right up my alley! 
But seriously... Place doesn't look like much... Food doesn't even look like much... But TRUST me it is very very tasty. Very inexpensive. Very filling. I finished all 5 of mine and the quesadilla... But it wasn't easy.. And I sat for about 5 before rolling out. Wife didn't finish hers.. That's normal though. The entire meal including tax cost us $17 exactly. So those of you vacationing here should know that, that is a deal. $17 to feed two people and good portion size and taste? Yea... A Vegas must! Unless you own the Wynn or Encore or Trump Towers... I mean the windows are made of gold... Pretty sure Donald doesn't give a Fuhhh about Thursday's rolled taco special. He is pretty thrifty though... Maybe I'll see him there? Hmmm 
Now being from Cali, living in El Paso, and visiting Mexico; naturally I've had better. But, my wife has had limited experience with authentic Mexican food and she said this was best she's ever had. And ya know, while I've had better, this was FOR SURE good. I liked it a lot and while in Vegas, I'll surely and gladly go back. All 2 staffers were very nice, food very cheap, taste very good. Menu selection/options hella decent. Please, if you're a tourist in Vegas like me.. Check it out... The food will fill you up so you can eat a light dinner and fit into that ridiculous sequined outfit you brought with you... And the money you save you can use to lose at the blackjack tables that you don't actually know how to play at... Winning situation all around... And it starts at Gerardo's... 
P.s. They have menudo too... So get your drunk ass down there and cure that hangover. Take a cab though... Drinking and drive is more than stupid and illegal, it's dangerous for you... And me... 
Vamos ala comer guay! 
Enjoy ...