Dont eat here unless you like being treated like garbage.  I was recently at Yolo's in Planet Hollywood for lunch on 3/10 around 2-3 pm and had some of the worst customer service I have ever experienced.  The experience started off pleasant  with me and my two friends being seated promptly and we were very excited to try the food.  After the tableside guac was made the rest of our group called and decided to join us for lunch and our party of three grew to a party of 12.   I asked the waitress if we could move to a larger table to accommodate the rest of the group and she said she would have to ask the hostess so I went to speak to the hostess and she said she had to talk to the waitress.  All the while there were 3 empty tables right next to each other that could be easily pushed together.  The table to our left was a very nice couple that offered to move seats so we could add to our group but we told them that was a very nice offer but not necessary because there was room elsewhere. The table to the right of us was more interesting because it was the manager on duty who completely ignored us and made no efforts to help us obtain a larger table for our party.  After the three tables had been pushed together and everyone was seated, we started to move our appetizer and drinks over when we were stopped by the waitress, not the manager who was still sitting eating her lunch and staring at us, and were told that every member of our party of 12 was required to order a meal off the menu or we couldn't eat there anymore.  We let the waitress know that a few people may not be eating but everyone was going to be drinking but they still told us that we wouldn't be served unless everyone ate.  We were obviously upset by this since we are such a large group and the waitress would have gotten at least the min 18% tip that is added to large groups so we couldn't understand why they wouldn't serve us.  She told us that her manager had instructed her to tell us this, still while the manager is eating at a table less than 3 ft away from us.  The manager never once came us to us and talked to us directly or even tried to explain her position, the waitress said it was because they were too busy to seat people that weren't eating even though there were at least 5 empty table in the restaurant and plenty of room still at the bar.  We paid for our guac and my beer and left the restaurant to go somewhere more accommodating where every member of our group did in fact order food and several drinks.  The total bill ended up being over $500 for our group and we had a great time elsewhere.   I am so incredibly mad at the manager for being a coward and not even having the "balls" to tell us herself that she wouldn't serve us and very disappointed that at a great casino they allow staff to treat guest like garbage.