Finding a decent meal that doesn't cost you an arm & a leg is a difficult thing to do in Las Vegas.  You can also get very tired, very quickly of the long lines at the hedonistic buffets.  Additionally every hotel has soo many restaurants you can easily get lost in the websites and hotel brochures.  Sometimes you just need to explore the mystical Vegas landscape and hunt yourself down some grub. So that's what we did.

After a long day of wandering The Las Vegas Strip in the sun, we had worked up quite a hunger.  Originally we had stopped in at Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino to grab a beverage and to rest our feet for a minute in front of a negative ATM (a slot machine, it's a joke, cause you put money into it.  Get it? You got it.) when we say the giant bright neon sign for YOLO'S Mexican Grill.  

It appears quaint, yet still very active.  Like a small 10 person house party that gets really out of control.  We checked out the menu, and decided to roll the dice.

It wasn't too busy inside, maybe 60% capacity, but it was enough that it didn't feel lonely inside.  We were sat near the edge, so we could "people watch" the hordes of people stroll by.

The décor is quite modern, except splattered with neon.  Think of the design style inside Aria, but then have street artists come with buckets of precise neon and accent the whole thing.  Strangely, it works; not like neon did in the 90's

We began the Yolo's experience with a Margarona; a margarita with a Coronita inserted upside down.  We saw everyone around us drinking it, and said, "That looks fun, let's try it!"  I'm not a big margarita person, but it wasn't bad. Wasn't spectacular, but the spectacle of it cranked the "fun-ness" level which somehow made it tastier.

We ordered the Chips & Sales ($3) to start of the meal, both to curb the alcohol and the hunger gained by walking around The Strip for hours.  What came was a mountain of corn chips and a heaping bowl of salsa, almost too much for an appetizer.

Immediately after we indulged the Roasted Vegetable Fajitas ($13) and the Adobo Vegetable Enchiladas ($12).  We immediately realized how naïve we were in ordering an appetizer as the portion sizes of the two mains were enormous.

Like everywhere on the planet that served Mexican food, I had to ask for more tortillas twice (12) and because there was simply SOOO much food to stuff into my gullet.  The vegetables were spiced nicely, not overly salty (as a common Mexican trend) and thankfully there was enough sour cream, salsa, guacamole and cheese (most importantly) to garnish my riotous portion of tortillas.

We tried both the Mexican rice, and the cilantro rice; the cilantro being my favorite.  It was enough of a palette cleanser to separate the barrage of Mexican flavours.  The black pinto beans were superb, and both made sure we finished the portions.

By then end, we actually had to force ourselves to stop eating.  We were so full we felt like the blueberry girl from Charlie & The Chocolate factory.  We sat to regain the blood flow to our legs and enjoyed a Bohemia draft, and a Carta Blanca - both imported Mexican brews.

Best of all was the bill, it was easily the least expensive meal we had had in Vegas thus far; yet one of the most satisfying.  Partially due to our significant over indulgence.

We did end up visiting the negative ATM's immediately after, as the gargantuan "fullness" needed a solid 90 minutes before we felt like normal human beings again.