After seeing so many of my friends check in to this place and proceeded to give it no less than 4 stars, I knew it had to be good. Just the pictures alone made my gut instinct (also known as my stomach growling and my mouth drooling) tell me it was gonna be good!

So I take my wife here to dinner on a late Friday afternoon around 5. We are greeted warmly and are seated immediately. Nice place. Very spacious. They even have a little stage for bands to perform I assume. Before we even see our server, there was already another guy putting down a basket of chips, salsa, and bean dip on our table. Talk about calming down a hungry customer! What an awesome feeling it is to chow down on some delicious chips and salsa while trying to decide what wonderful menu item(s) to order. Besides the chips and salsa, they also give you a cup of fideo soup before your entrée comes out. 

So we go with Juan's Flaming Combo for 2. It's your choice of two meats (Chicken, Steak, or Pork. Shrimp is a dollar extra), grilled with onions, green and red peppers on a sizzling fajita skillet. We chose Steak and Shrimp. When they bring it out, not only is it sizzling, but they throw some alcohol on top of it (some kind of tequila I think) and ignite it with a lighter. Which at this point makes you understand why they call this place "Juan's Flaming Fajitas and Cantina". This dish comes with your choice of rice, beans, and pico de gallo or sour cream, guacamole, and sautéed veggies. I went with the first choice while my wife went for the second so we can try all options. Turns out all items are very good. Of course to round it out you get either flour or corn tortillas because what is a fajita without the tortilla? It's like having a gun with no bullets or brushing your teeth with no toothpaste. It just wont work without it. 

As for the service, we didn't have to ask for anything. One thing that really stood out was that even though our server was doing an excellent job already, another server from another area saw me finish my water and as I was putting the empty glass at the edge of the table, she proceeded to fill it with fresh water. Wow! I like the fact that other servers are not just looking after their own area, but are more than willing to help out their fellow servers when it comes to simple things like refilling water glasses. Bravo to whoever does the customer service training at this place. Keep up the good work for im sure every customer will notice these things.

So any time I see or hear of anything fajita, I will automatically think of Juan's Flaming Fajitas! Im looking forward to bringing my friends and family here! Ole!