Thank you, Shirley B, for choosing Juan's Flaming Fajitas for your birthday celebration. If not for you, I probably wouldn't have made it to this place. I also probably wouldn't have developed an obsession with homemade flour tortillas, either! Yes, it's that good, and I can't stop thinking about it...

Okay, concentrate Suzy. Let's write about the other awesome stuff:

Service.
The water/sodas were filled continuously throughout our meal. Endless warm chips, salsa, and delicious bean dip were replenished quickly. Too quickly! Food delivery was speedy, too. Shirley B & Terri R both brought outside desserts and the staff was more than happy to supply the candles we forgot (oops!) and present it with an enthusiastic birthday song and sombrero for the birthday girl! Awesome, friendly, and efficient staff!

Value.
I don't frequent Mexican restaurants very much, but I think it's a great deal. All entrees include unlimited chips/salsa, fideo soup, choice of vegetables or rice/beans. Our party ordered the infamous fajitas. Get the combo if you're sharing, it's definitely worth the price. Even the other items, such as the big bowl of pozole my boyfriend ordered was only $4.95. 

Food Taste:
I've had the shrimp fajitas. Big shrimps! My party loved them and Chad S loved his carne asada burrito. We've returned back a 2nd night and we ordered the Dulce De Leche Fried Ice Cream. Yum! We have to go back to try their Sopapillas, for sure!

Homemade Flour Tortillas. (Yes, it's that good)
I've been a deprived girl who hadn't been exposed to authentic tortillas very often. From now on, I'll be comparing future flour tortillas to Juan's. And yes, I know, if you're eating authentic Mexican food, you're supposed to be eating corn tortillas. But I can't help it, I love them! Served piping hot, it's so delicious that you can just eat it by itself. Or with a bit of their bean dip. It's worth the drive just for these. I'm planning my next trip there as I write this...

There's TVs to watch the game, decently clean restrooms, and has a very festive atmosphere like most good Mexican joints. Come here for your next fajita fix. But bring me back more tortillas. ;)