My husband was craving fajitas so based on a co-worker's recommendation we decided to eat here. We arrived at 2:00PM, we were greeted and escorted to the bar area of the restaurant. There was only two tables occupied so we figured it wouldn't take long to browse the menu, order, eat, pay and leave. The waiter was very nice and helpful by answering our  questions.  We were given tortilla chips with salsa and beans as an appetizer .
 My husband ordered the steak and shrimp fajitas dinner combo, which included a side of rice and beans,  fideo soup, guacamole, pico de gallo and sour cream . I ordered a two items lunch special that consisted of a chile relleno, and a carne asada wet burrito with a side of grilled veggies instead of rice and beans. I also ordered a small albondigas soup.
After 20 minutes from ordering, our soups were brought out. My husband said his fideo soup was very salty. I must say that being Mexican my expectations for Mexican food are a little high, but the albondigas soup was far from Mexican. In reality it wasn't good . The meatballs tasted like frozen meatballs from the supermarket. No rice, no diced tomatoes, onion, and condiments in them like real Mexican albondigas. Ten minutes later our food arrived. They gave me the rice and beans in the lunch combo instead of the veggies, we flagged the waiter down and told him of the mistake. He offered to bring me a side of grilled veggies on another plate. I said it was ok as long as it didn't take too long. He said it was 2 minutes max. He promptly came out with a plate of green and yellow zucchini that were more raw than cooked. At this point with all the waiting, chips, salsa, soup and iced water I was pretty full. The chille relleno was decent and the wet burrito wasn't very good. The carne asada from the wet burrito tasted a lot like lime. I tasted some of my husband's fajitas and they were just ordinary, nothing special. To be honest I don't think we'll be back. The service was good, but the food wasn't.