Back in November 2011, I visited this place and gave it 5 stars.  Since that time, I have been here a few more times.  If there was a way to give a place 2.5 stars, I would now give this place that rating.

You may be asking what caused this place to go from 5 stars to 2.5 stars in my opinion.  Please let me answer this burning question for you.

Since November 2011, their menu changed as well as the staff.  This place now seems to follow the Lindo family and what once seemed like a stand alone even if it were not, no longer carries itself as such.  It is a more of a chain like Misty said six months ago.  

The food quality has changed some and now it is a crap shoot on whether you will get a good meal here or not.  Sometimes the food is really good and sometimes it is just ok.  

The most interesting part of this entire change, is that they always seemed surprised you are there.  They still have the buffet on weekends, but the service has gone way down.  Getting a seat never seems to be a problem here, but getting service, now that is another story and may cause this place to drop to a solid 2 star in the near future.

We went there this morning and the servers always seem surprised that people actually want to eat here and showed up to do so.  On this visit, it was like they only had one server to cover the entire place inside and out, with one helper for drinks and food delivery.  I asked for coffee for my drink and the waiter forget like three times.  Our chips ran out and we were NEVER asked if we wanted more.  I asked for Habanero sauce for my food and he forgot again twice.  My coffee ran out and after seeing him come around several times to other tables to see if they needed anything, I finally called him over and asked for more coffee.  Yes, he forgot.

After I asked again and he forgot again, he finally came back over with the pot and apologized for taking so long.  I guess he realized he forgot again.

This place is ok for the food and price, but the service is has gone way down hill to like I said, they are almost always surprised people actually come in and they are always understaffed.  I don't understand the logic of a place that opens the door for business, gets the business almost every night, is packed on weekends and yet does not realize they need more staff.  I will give this place another chance, but there is a MUCH better place just down the road in a casino which has much better service, way better food, the chips are awesome and you serve yourself the salsa and chips so if you run out at this place down road, ITS YOUR OWN FAULT.  

But my review is not about that place, but about this one and if the service does not improve, people may start looking for a better place....