Where to start on how TERRIBLE this restaurant is. The decor is so cheesy and kindergarten style it would make Robert Irvine freak out.  The table we were sat at was sticky.  The bartender was nice enough to wipe it down again but still sticky.  Obviously a build up of long term poor cleaning. I ordered chicken tacos and my coworker ordered the same but in a combo plate.  The food took 30 minutes to arrive at the table.  There could not have been more than 8 other tables of patrons at the time so I am not sure why it took so long but it was agonizing.  The chips and salsa are sub par.  The chips are too thick and were stale.  The salsa was average.  The beans tasted like they were out of a can.  My tacos (a la carte) were served on a plate with some lettuce thrown on the bottom.  I guess they felt it would look too bare just beging tacos so I got a pile of lettuce garnish.  The tacos were completely flavorless.  It was like eating paper/cardboard. There was no sesaoning added to any part of this taco.  No salt, pepper, no NOTHING. I had to submerge it in the average salsa just to give it some type of flavor.  My coworker had the same issue and not only that but they gave her one pork taco and one chicken taco.  Needless to say, the pork had ZERO seasoning as well.  Disappointing is an understatement.  Anyone who has reviewed this place to be any good either has defective tastebuds or was so loaded up on margaritas, they would not know the difference. I called the manager over to give some constructive criticism so she could check on the food that was coming out so other customers would not have to go through the same ordeal but she barely spoke english.  She apologized and went on her way.  She did not make any effort to get us something else or to even reduce the bill in any way.  The bartender felt bad and offered up a 2 for 1 coupon on a return visit.  I kindly declined and told him I would not be coming back to eat there ever again.  Still expecting that a nice gesture of some nature would come the bill arrived and was full price no reduction.  Yes, customer service at its finest.  (insert sarcastic tone there). 
I am begging anyone considering going here to re-route yourself to any place else.  Even Robertos Taco Shop will provide better food.