It was between here and Amigos Tacos, I decided to try this place because the reviews were pretty good. The parking was wide open, we were seated immediately and as I was excitedly anticipating, we got our chips - salsa - and beans. The chips were good, fresh. The salsa was very good for me but my BF prefers salsa with a little kick. The beans... well... they were OK, a little salty, but add salsa to the beans and a wonderful treat. 

The menu is HUGE! It took me a while to go through everything and make a decision, I finally decided on the 2 taco combo (beef tacos) and he got the beef enchilada with green sauce combo. While snacking on the chips they brought out a soup.. I wasn't expecting soup, I still don't know what kind of soup it was but it was OK. About 2 minutes after the soup came, our meal came... The food looked good, plates were hot, that's always a good sign. 

Now the meal... I took a bite of my taco and it was... a taco. The beef was lacking flavor, it was almost like they didn't season it while cooking, every Mexican restaurant I have been to has always used a combo of onions and other veggies/herbs to season their meat.. it just seemed.. blah. The rice was good, a little on the salty side as well and I usually put salt on everything, I like salt, but it was too salty for even me. my BF and I swapped plates to try each others dishes and his was very good. His beef was good, and it was the same type but since his food was covered lightly with enchilada sauce... i think it helped it out. I used some of his sour cream and the salsa and fixed up my taco.. not amazing but it was good. 

All in all, I am happy we got to try it and I would come here again but I would definitely order something different. I will give Amigos Tacos a try next time and hope that their menu isn't as costly as it was here... over 5$ for guacamole..? Not worth it. But the main reason I will come back was the service, everyone was very friendly, our server paid attention to our table and once our drinks were half empty they had fresh ones on the table...