If this place was in my neighborhood, I'm certain I'd be on a first-name basis with the staff.  They would know my "usual" order; one burger brulee, hold the bacon, seasoned fries and a pepsi.  I'd make a clever joke about the Burger of the Week and my husband would fist bump the guy behind the counter... ok I might be getting carried away.  But when we first walked into the little shop, we were greeted like we were old friends and given some quick, concise tips on navigating the menu and ordering process.  

They easily accommodated our large group, and our rambunctious cheering-on of Jennifer O's live review.  Then the food arrived.  Although the majority of us got the Brulee burger, or some variation thereof, a good portion of the menu was represented on our table.  We got to try the french toast fries and bacon and maple shake.  We learned that PV Burger does burgers "protein style" upon request, and won't hesitate to use the term coined by that other burger joint.  And I learned that I LOVE pickled onions, especially on top of a fried egg and underneath burnt sugar.  Don't be afraid of burnt sugar on your burger, you threw the diet out the window today anyway.  I think there may be sugar in the french fry seasoning, too.

I really loved my burger.  The patty was more well-done than I usually prefer but it never got chewy or crumbly or any of those other things one worries about with an overdone burger.  It was still flavorful and delicious.  All the toppings worked together in a medley I never would have dreamed, and didn't realize I was missing.  I don't think I've ever finished an entire restaurant-sized burger before in one sitting, but I did that and have no regrets.

If I were to complain about anything, it would be these two points: One table was sticky enough that a menu was a permanent fixture of that particular table, and the cleanliness of the girl's room left something to be desired.  That said, those things wouldn't deter me for a second if I had the chance to come back here for another burger.