Simone and I ate at El Segundo Sol while on a Vegas vacation in late October. We went only because we had fifty dollars worth of gift certificates for the place due to a bad meal we had at its sister restaurant Stripburger a few years ago. Both restaurants are owned by a group called Lettuce Entertain You. As a result of my previous experience I wasn't going with high expectations.  I was pleasantly surprised though by my entire meal. It was much better then I had hoped for and the owners completely redeemed themselves.  El Segundo Sol is located at the Fashion Show Mall across from the Wynn. It has both indoor and outdoor patio seating. We choose to enjoy the outdoor air of Vegas. Our waiter was quick to get to the table and as Simone said he was easy on the eyes so she enjoyed his attentiveness.  We started our meal with the house made bottomless chips and salsa and a pitcher of very refreshing Sangria. Although not free like some Mexican restaurants, the chips and salsa are still excellent and worth the small price you pay. The platter includes three different types of Salsa to choose from. The most mild is the simple Pico de Gallo version of chopped onions and tomatoes, a tad spicier is the green tomatillo salsa and the last salsa is a smoky charred tomato salsa. The charred tomato was my favorite and had the most flavor but all were great especially when mixed together. We actually went through two plates full of the salsa and warm crisp chips.  For her meal Simone got the Huitlacoche Quesadilla. It was a large house made soft tortilla grilled and filled with earthy truffle mushrooms, sweet corn, Mexican spices and a creamy cheese blend.  I found it to be a bit light on the truffle flavor but Simone really enjoyed it and ate the whole thing except the few bites I stole. As is the case with almost all my mexican meals, l had to choose the Braised Pork Tacos.  The Taco's do not come assembled for you but I find that to be a lot of fun as it gives you permission to play with your food at the table and you can customize your taco to your liking.  The Pork plate comes with the generously and mildly cumin and chili spiced shredded pork with fresh cilantro leaves, a Caramelized Pineapple wedge, green chilies, Cilantro Rice, Black beans, Sour Cream and Pico de Gallo.  It is all served with those very good house made soft tortillas. I just took a little bit of everything on the plate mixed it all up and shoved it in my mouth. All the flavors matched up like the perfect marriage and exploded on your tongue like the perfect honeymoon.  It was pretty amazing and memorable.  I could have used a little bit more of it all as it was so good but it was satisfying filling.  I think this is now my second favorite Mexican place in Vegas ( Chipotle still wins the first place slot).  With or without a gift certificate, I would absolutely go back again. The prices are a little high but on par with the other places on the Vegas Strip. My faith has been restored in the Lettuce Entertain you restaurant  group. This was a great all around experience.