El Segundo Sol is the crazy cousin of the Stripburger. Owned by the same person/people/corporation, it sits next door to the Stripburger. We stopped by for lunch before headin' out to the airport. 

The hostess advised there was a 20 minute wait. Looking in the bar area we noticed several people enjoying their meal there. Noticing several tables in the bar area empty we asked if we could order from the bar and the hostess said yes but only if you sit at the bar. So we grabbed a table in the bar area and told her to keep us on the list for a table in the dining area. Within a few minutes a manager looking type came up to us, gave us water and asked if we would be ordering off the menu. We said yes and as he walked away to get our menu the hostess barreled into him and they had a brief animated exchange. He dropped off some menus and said someone would help us shortly. Ooooookay, seems like we can get service in the bar area away from the bar. Whilst perusing the menu the very affable bartender came up to our table to take our drink order. I opted for the Agave Cooler, a delightful concoction of agave nectar, fresh mint and Cruzan light rum. Ahh a refreshing and perfect cocktail for a bright, warm-ish day. H chose the house margarita on the rocks and seemed to enjoy his choice also.

Not wanting to eat anything heavy I ordered the vegetable quesadillas. H wanted the crispy tacos until he found out the beef was shredded and not the ground variety. He ended up ordering the beef quesadillas which the waiter warned also had shredded beef but it was slow-braised boneless shortrib. Noting the chip and salsa was listed as an appetizer, we went ahead and ordered it (it's $2.95). The chips and salsa is a large basket that comes with 3 bowls: pico de gallo, tomatillo salsa and a red salsa. After finding we were from Texas, the server insisted on bringing us a bowl of the chef's specialty salsa. He mentioned it had some heat to it and walked away. 'Had some heat' I scoffed, 'bring it on'. I tell ya, whatever this sh*t is, it packs heat. It's a green sauce (not salsa) that they swear has no tomatillo or avocado. Apparently, it's a well guarded secret.

Friendly staff, convenient location, not terribly pricey and decent food. I'll be visiting El Segundo Sol again.