This review is for the Loco Hour 
4-7 and 11pm - close Everyday in the bar area

We ordered:
Big Stick Margarita - $4.95
Mexelent Mango Margarita - $4.95
Strawberry Margarita - $4.95
(3) Tequila shots - $2.95ea. 
Bottomless chips & 3 salsas - $2.95
(2) Fully loaded pork burritos - $5.88ea.
Tableside Guacamole - $8.95 (not on loco hour menu)
Total: $47.36 (not incl. tax/tip)

I have definitely had better, cheaper happy hour. The items on the Loco Hour aren't even that discounted. The bottomless chips and salsa seem very cheap...until you look at the original menu and see that they're $2.95 all the time! The drinks are discounted by about $2. The only thing I found to be a pretty good value were the burritos and tacos. On the regular menu, the tacos are only served in platters that will run you about $15, but you can get then for $2 a piece on the Loco Hour menu. The burritos don't even exist on the regular menu, but you can get them for $4.93 on the Loco menu (+.95 to make it fully loaded). They're stuffed with fresh guacamole, sour cream, pickled jalapeno, shredded lettuce, rice beans, and meat. I didn't order one for myself, but I had a bite of Don's and it was delish! The pork was very soft and the guacamole was so fresh and chunky. I'm also a sucker for burritos with rice inside. I just wish they'd learn how to wrap them up better. They were wrapped like enchiladas. Thankfully, Don's teenage job was at Del Taco, so he fixed that problem in a flash. The guacamole came in a giant mortar. We didn't expect to get so much guacamole, but we had no problem eating it all anyway. 

The ambiance was nice. We came at exactly 4pm in the middle of the week, so there weren't that many people there. There are strings of little light bulbs hanging from the dark wooden ceiling and there is a lot of light from outside in the bar area during the day. The bathrooms are pretty fancy too (if you can ignore the piping under the sinks). Each stall and sink  is separated by a tile wall and there are lots of places to hang your bags or coats. 

Overall, the place was nice. I'd come back here for the Loco Hour burritos if I ever happened to be walking around Fashion Show mall between 4-7pm and craving a burrito (not very likely), but not for anything else.