We went to Vegas for a little R & R and to celebrate our recent engagement.

I didn't want to break the bank so I went to Restaurant.com prior to leaving town.  That was a great score as there were many restaurants to choose from.  In fact, the list was so plentiful I had to have the guy help me pare it down.  

We selected one for El Segundo Sol, which is located in the Fashion Place Mall.  Since we were staying right across the street from there, it seemed like an obvious choice.   We had a $25 off coupon if you spend $35 or more, which isn't too hard to do in a Vegas restaurant.  It didn't restrict drinks either, which so many do.  So, we ended up spending close to $60 but then the coupon came into play and it was around $40, so not a bad deal.

The food was tasty Americanized Mexican food.  That's not a complaint at all, merely, an observation.  It was very tasty and there was plenty of it.  In fact, we got a to go box to take it back to our hotel room, there was so much of it.  We got the daily special and it was three different types of chicken dishes, a tostada, taco, and an enchilada, all very tasty. 

We ordered guacamole to go with our chips and asked for the spicy, which it was and very good.  Their chips and salsa come with three types of salsas and they have no problems giving you more should you desire that.  

I had a margarita with specialty tequila and it was about $9 but very good.  I only needed one.  The guy had a couple of beers which he said were also good.

The staff was very helpful and never let us run out of anything and they had a bottle of water on the table that you could refill your own water glass which I like because most places don't come back as often as I would like with the water.

At one point, the manager, Josh, I think he said his name was, came over to see how we were doing.  It was nice to be checked in on.

 It was about 4:30PM on a Friday afternoon and the bar was full but there were just a few of us at the tables in the dining area.  I'm sure they were soon to get more crowded as the time went on.

This was a fun place, with great service. 

We didn't want for a thing and I would definitely be back to try it again when I'm on that end of the strip.