While visiting Phoenix, I couldn't wait to get my hands on some tasty authentic Mexican food.  (I lived in the southwest for almost 10 years and miss the Mexican food the most.)  So since I didn't know where to go, I relied on Yelp reviews and also I saw that Guy Fieri visited this place, so though it was worth a try. 

The food was good and the prices were decent for what you got, but in the end I walked away wishing my only chance to get great Mexican had been some place better.

We started off with chips and salsa.  The chips seemed like they were homemade, they were crunchy and warm.  The salsa was great. I could've eaten more than the little cup they provided.  Also I am not used to having to pay for salsa and chips at Mexican restaurants so that was a little off putting. But for $2.50...salsa was good.

We then had a couple of margaritas (regular and prickly pear).  I am not a fan of regular margarita's so I thought that one was okay.  But mine was delicious.  Prickly Pear was another thing you don't see much of on the East Coast, so delighted to have it.  And it tasted great, would have ordered more if I wasn't driving.

For dinner I ordered the Burrito Bombero and my boyfriend ordered the 3 chicken enchiladas.  The burrito was good, and if you like spice, and I mean a lot of spice, then you might love it.  I am a spicy food fanatic, but this was just a bit too much.  I felt like I couldn't enjoy any of the other tastes of the burrito because my mouth was burning too much.  I think if they took the spice down just a tad, it would have been a lot better.  My boyfriend thought his enchiladas were a bit salty.  Not very impressed.  I thought they were just okay as well.  I have definitely had better.

We probably should have gone with the (street) tacos since that seems to be where all the great reviews come from.  If I lived in Phoenix I would give it another chance. However since I don't when I am back I will have to find another place in search of the authentic Mexican food that I miss so much.