We really were excited to try El Dorado Cantina. We're pretty picky with what we eat so when we learned they serve sustainably sourced and organic items this was a huge plus. When our family came in from England to visit it seemed like the great time to give El Dorado a try and give the Brits their much craved Mexican kick. 

Upon entering we actually bumped into a group of friends already seated and happily enjoying their margaritas (I'll get to the importance of this later)

Everything started well. We were seated quickly (at a high top table NEXT to our friends not WITH) and the standard chips and salsa were served. 

Then it all went down hill. The food was nothing to write home about. It lacked flavor and maybe some extra care and attention. One meal was brought out wrong and had to be returned. A second meal seemed to be MIA along with a third that never even showed up and we had to ask twice what had happened. The second meal appeared and the third finally came once everyone else had finished. Not to be defeated and to give the benefit of the doubt we ordered churros... because why not... and they were actually delicious...Hence the 1 star. 

Our bill finally arrived and we were a bit surprised at the amount. We were charged a large party service gratuity (because we happened to know the table seated NEXT to us not WITH us. - and FYI the other table did not have this on their bill) Our server then told us...."We went ahead and took off the enchiladas (the 3rd meal) but it came off of your friends bill so they owe you a margarita" ummmmmmmm that's not how it works. So now we got stuck paying an extra gratuity and paying for a meal that technically we should have been given for free??? 

For the price we paid and the experience we had we wouldn't recommend or return to this place. We'll stick to our other go to spots where we know we can still eat our organic, grass fed steaks or Mary's organic chicken for half the price and a much better personable experience.