As others have said, steer clear of this place.  My friend and went there for dinner, walked in the door at 6pm on a Saturday night and the place was completely empty (first warning sign).  The staff is ambivalent at best. our waitress took our order for a Fiesta Burrito and a Fajita quesadilla.  And against our better judgment we decided to order a pitcher of margaritas (since it was only $15).  We had one question for our waitress, how big  the pitcher (like in how many ounces)?  Her response?  "Look in here, it should say" while she hands me back the menu.  To which I responded to her that the menu did not in fact list the size of the pitcher.  Her next response was that it was "normal" size and walked away. 

Our food came out 5 minutes after we ordered it, getting to the point of being "too fast" in my book (making me wonder how it was prepared, microwave?)  As the food was set down our waitress mentioned that the "plates were hot" (mind you she is wearing huge silver oven gloves).  I will tell you this, she wasn't lying, these plates were scorching hot, as in I could not even touch it to move it on the table. 

The food was at best mediocre.  My burrito was filled with greasy pork and covered in bland rachero sauce.  My friends fajita quesadilla was passable (though quite small).

Finally the pitcher of Margaritas showed up.  I will say I typically do not have very high expectations for "house" margaritas, I'm expecting inexpensive tequila, but these margaritas didn't even meet those low standards.  They were neon green and tasted of pure sweet and sour mix, not a whiff of tequila was detectable in smell or taste.  My friend and I finished half a glass each of the concoction before we decided we could stomach no more. 

Our waitress took 20 minutes to come back and check on us . Upon learning that we were not satisfied with the margaritas she responded that she would half to speak to the manager.  She returned a few minutes later and said that she was sorry but that we would have to speak to the manager our selves when we went to pay (which you do up front).  Fine, so we go up to pay.  We get to the front cash register and there is no one there.  We wait 3 or 4 minutes, still no one there. We finally decide to look in the bar area and find the host sitting a table watching TV.  We point out to him that we want to pay, so he gets up to go man the cash register.  When we explained that we were not happy with that margaritas, he says he'll go get the manager.  Finally the manger comes out, we explain (in an extremely polite way) that we were simply not happy with the margaritas.  He thinks for a minute and tells us that he will give us half off the pitcher (mind you, we consumed less than 1 glass total from the pitcher).  At that point I was beyond arguing and just wanted to get out of the restaurant, so we paid and left.   

A word of advice, take your money elsewhere.