Copy of a letter I sent to the President of Chronic Tacos:

Dear Mike,

Today I decided that I was going to walk further on my half hour lunch today to get a fish taco from your establishment.  Since I only have a half hour for my lunch I needed to make a phone call to my Doctor and while on the walk there they had me on hold.  When I entered Chronic Taco, on Mill Avenue in Tempe AZ, I was greeted warmly and a young woman took my order.  While the fish was cooking my doctor came on the line and I had to proceed talking to her knowing that my order would be coming out soon but when it did I politley gestured that I would be just another minute.  The young lady knodded at me and set my taco aside to help other customers.  Then to my surprise the older blond haired lady that works there yelled at me very rudely and said, "Mamn!  Your taco is ready!"  I was still on the phone with my doctor so I gestured again to her that it would be another minute.  She then proceeded to pick up my taco and walk it towards the kitchen while rolling her eyes to the cashier then slamming the tray down on the kitchen counter.  I saw this and was flabergasted!  I reacted by saying you can keep it and that I won't be coming back!  I love your food and and to be treated this way, as if I don't have a right to talk on a cell phone on my half hour lunch, was completely out of line.  I hope that you can do something about rectifying the situation with the older blond lady, I mean she never smiles when she greets anyone!  Then this!  You have lost a valuable customer and probably more of a steady customer base from my office since I had to share this story everyone around my office.  Customers should be treated with respect no matter what!  Aside from the fact that I had to immediatley walk back to my office with no lunch and an empty stomach the rest of the day.  If she just could have waited for me to finish my phone call all would be well.  Please respond as I will not be setting foot in your establishment ever again due to this woman's bad day or bad attitude she has towards her customers.