This is NOT a restaurant...this is a bar that serves crappy food.  I have worked in bars and restaurants half my life so maybe my review is harsh, but there are little things that can make people come back even if the place is serving dog food.

First you cant beat service....  If the service was better maybe this place is a 2 star.  The "seat yourself" system just does not work....especially because the place is pretty big.  We sat down at a table near the bar (where there were plenty of servers hanging out near the bar....all of whom saw us)  After awhile (I wasnt watching time) I had to flag someone down for service....waitress said ok...."ill be right there".  Never came.  Flagged down another waitress....asked her for menus and asked her if we can order drinks.  Her response "yea...what do ya want"...ordered two margaritas.  Drinks came, but no menus.  Asked again and she seemed pissed off that she had to make another trip (15 ft away).  It seemed like they were just waiting around for it to get busier later on when the bar crowd started picking up and were not really engaged in the people that were there to eat....we weren't the only table looking like they were annoyed with the service.  There was no presence of management anywhere....and you could tell.

Next the food!  oh boy the food.  The steak in the steak fajitas was bland and had NO taste...looked like it had been microwaved or was sitting in the window too long.  My gf ordered something that looked like it was one big cheesy mess.  horrible she had maybe 5 bites didnt want to return it because she was being polite.  I could go on but as Im writing this I am just wondering to myself...whats the point.  If this place was only relying on the "restaurant" aspect of this establishment they would be in trouble.

Luckily this place has a pretty good bar crowd full of cougars looking for cubs.  If it wasnt for them or the live music...this place wouldnt last too much longer.  Plus it's really the only bar in that area so.....busy by lack of options

This place has so much potential....just lacks execution and management

Its the nicest dive bar i've ever been to.  That pretty much sums it up

Cheers