Stopped in for dinner tonight and was greeted promptly And seated very quickly. My waiter was awesome, took our order, got the drinks out and brought us the chips and salsa. The chips were fresh but what in the hell happened to the salsa?!?  

The salsa looked and tasted like it was 90% tomato paste, 5% chopped veggies, 5% liquid.  The salsa was absolutely gross and tasteless. I inquired about the flavor and texture and he mentioned they recently changed the recipe. He asked if we'd like to try the spicier salsa, said it might be better. 

The spicier salsa was brought out and it wasn't much better. Instead of tomato paste it tasted like a chipotle BBQ sauce. 

The food was super quick coming out which was awesome, however the awesome ended there.  The chicken tortilla soup was more like a salty stew, the trio enchilada plate looked good but the rice was mushy and flavorless, the cheese in top if the Baja sauce was dried out and the pork was chewy and included pieces of fat and tendon. About the best thing in that plate was the black beans 

The carnitas chimmy was so so, the meat was flavorless like it was boiled. 

The chicken in the chicken cilantro lime Caesar salad tasted like it was boiled then lightly grilled.  The lettuce and dressing were pretty good though. 

The tamale bites tasted like deep fried Mac and cheese bite with green chili in them. 

We have our waiter out feedback and again he mentioned the kitchen changed the menu and recipes. We asked for the manager and Maria came out and we gave her the same feedback. She too said there were some changes to the menu and recipes. She apologized for the quality and taste if the food and comp'd half if the meals. 

I understand adding new things to the menu to stay current but why change recipes?  

The 1 star given was only because of the great service and attitude of our waiter and manager.  Can't say I'll be back again, at least not until they fix the recipes and go back to using quality ingredients and improve in their food qualities.