On the whole, I'd give the Chipotle chain a solid three and a half stars. The burritos are big, the food is dependable, it's easy to customize, and things are surprisingly tasty for being a subsidiary of McDonald's. The reason this review gets one star is the horrible customer service and a fairly major flub on their part. 

This location is fairly busy, so I placed my order online so I could just go in and pick it up. I ordered a vegetarian burrito and chips & guac. Started with some chips, then moved on to my burrito. Took a bite and got a mouthful of chicken - not so pleasant when you order a VEGETARIAN burrito. 

Now, I'm not a vegetarian, but I'm not a super-big fan of meat, especially when I'm not expecting it to be there. If I was a vegetarian, I'd have been pissed. The receipt said veg and the wrapper had my name written on it, so I should have been reasonably confident that my burrito was not going to contain meat. I'm fairly easy-going, so if my burrito had otherwise been what I ordered, I would have just sucked it up and gone with it - I'd already driven there once. Unfortunately, it wasn't - whatever combination of fillings they put in the burrito was really unappealing to me.

My unexpected meaty mouthful put me off my appetite for a burrito, so I decided to just finish my order of chips & guac and call it a day. I was meeting friends shortly and I didn't have time to drive back to Chipotle, wait in line while they made me another burrito, then eat. I needed to gas up the car, so I decided I'd just bring the burrito back for a refund and go to the gas station across the street. 

Upon my return, I went up to the register and explained to the cashier what happened. She was very apologetic and did her best to help me out - five stars for her. She went in the back to talk to the manager, and came back to offer to remake the burrito correctly since chicken and veggie burritos cost the same. I politely told her no thank you, and that I just wanted my money back. She disappeared into the back again, and came back to tell me the manager would be out in a minute. By the time the manager finally came out front, about 15 minutes had passed since I first talked to the cashier. This should have been a quick in and out. 

While at the register, the manager completely ignored me. Literally. No eye contact. I had expected her to ask me why I was returning my food and maybe offer in some way to "make it right" - at the very least an apology and maybe something more along the lines of a coupon/free drink/etc, seeing as how I had to come in twice, she kept me waiting forever, and, you know, I had been served meat in a vegetarian entree. 

Nope. She didn't say a single word to me and didn't so much as give me a glance. She inspected my burrito to make sure I wasn't making it up, fumbled with the cash register for a few minutes, then handed me my cash with a "thank you" and walked away - all very huffy and like it was a huge burden for her to push a few buttons on the cash register. 

There is no shortage of burrito places in town, including other Chipotle locations, so I doubt I'll be motivated to come back to this particular location ever again.