Wow I never thought I could write a bad review about Chipotle... but here goes. 

So Chipotle food is Chipotle food.... all the same, never tastes different, you cant screw it up, and they didn't. My food was as yummy as any other time I ate it. 

The service on the other hand was apawling. (and its not that this is the first time, the second at least at this location)

So I walk into this Chipotle after kicking my own ass at the gym, thinking its 2pm shouldn't be busy, but wrong I was, there was a line of about 16-18 people, I think meh cant take that long, plus I was starving and wasn't going to leave without my burrito bowl. I quickly realize this line ain't goin anywhere fast. I look around and see what the employees are doing to expedite this process, nothing! The poor guys trying to make the food as quickly as possible, just weren't cutting it, the girl at the register stood their with her hand on her hip just waiting for something to happen, THEN the kicker. I notice TWO, yes two, managers just sitting down to enjoy their tacos, all the while their employees are drowning behind the line and the line keeps growing. No care in the world. It took everything in me not to scream across the restaurant, "Hey are you two enjoying your lunch? Cuz we aren't... how bout help out your employees?" Ugh! So frustrated. 

As I left, 20 minutes later, with my burritos to go now since they took forever, I could only shake my head as I walked by their table, still enjoying they food. 

And to make matters even worse... I walk down their hall way to see water running out the kitchen door down the hall way. I do an about-face and walk up to the manager to inform him of the issue, before I could even get the words out of my mouth he says "The water? yeah I know" I gave him a "Are you f------ serious?!" look, and left. Wow he already knew about the leak and was still doing nothing. 

I should have walked my happy ass right down the hall way and thrown myself on the floor and yelled for help... maybe I could be the new owner and straighten some shit out in there.