For almost 2 years my husband and I have been saying we should try this place so today when it was just me out to run a long list of errands I decided to stop in. Not very busy at exactly noon on a Friday. I was greeted immediately by a server who brought me chips and salsa and then brought me a glass of iced tea and even a pitcher of it to refill. That should have given me a clue. I put my order in just 5 minutes after the tea arrived. I tried to like the salsa and chips but just couldn't. The salsa was extremely hot ( I love spicy ) but this had a bitter after taste in addition to being overly spicy (maybe because they seemed to use all the seeds and membranes in their salsa). The chips were hard and tasted almost stale. Time was going by and I kept busy looking at my emails on my phone. Soon I got a bit curious why my food hadn't arrived yet so I tried to flag my waitress down but she ignored me. I saw a couple who just got their drinks same time I did and they were leaving. Another family 2 tables over came in sometime after I had ordered and they were halfway through their meal. I looked at the time and noticed it had been 40 minutes since I had ordered. This time I flagged down a waitress willing to speak with me. She said she would check on my food. She came back and said sorry they had lost your ticket but they are getting it ready now. Food arrived in less than 5 minutes. From that time on nobody came by my table at all. Food was average at best and a bit greasy. When I had drank the entire pitcher of tea ( guess that is so they don't have to get you refills) and finished all I was going to eat I couldn't get anyone to bring me a check. 3 waitresses standing at front by register talking for past 10 minutes so I went to register. The woman rang up my bill and to my surprise there was no further apology for the lost order or extremely long wait and nothing on my bill had been adjusted. I paid the bill and left with the knowledge that I would never bother with this place again. A major mistake like losing your food order for 40 minutes is cause for an apology from management and at the very least an adjustment on the cost of the meal. We eat out often and value good customer service but for this reason I can't give this place anything higher than one star and they get that for the fresh and tasty ice tea.