Hello you, it's me again. 

I went slummin' big time today over in Monona.  I decided to stop and get myself some good ol' Taco John's fast food.  They call their food "West-Mex," instead of "Tex-Mex."  So..........so clever, I get the shivers.  

I pulled up to the drive thru and ordered a #6 grilled chicken burrito combo.  The eager beaver on the other side screamed at me "CHICKEN OR BEEF??"  Before I could answer she screamed it again "CHICKEN OR BEEF!!!!!!!!!"  I admit, I was irked by this, but I let it slide because I'm just good natured like that.  

You know how I roll.

However, when I got the window a girl, perhaps late teens, early twenties, glared at me while I handed her the money.  She took the money and then slammed the window shut so hard it actually bounced back open a little ways.  After waiting for at least 5 minutes, she opened the window again and thrust a bag at me, and then again slammed the window shut.  I looked in the bag and saw two beef tacos.  WTF?  

I ordered #6 grilled chicken burrito beeeeotch.  My jolly good nature was quickly flying out the window.  Despite her "I hate you and want you to die" attitude I decided to cut the kid some slack.  Retail is hard, working fast food is harder.  

So I looked earnestly at the window until she opened it again and glared at me.  "This is the wrong order," I said quite kindly.  

Then she looked at me like Bon Qui Qui from King Burger on MAD TV and said "oh hellllllll noooo!"  She grabbed the bag and slammed the window shut again.  

I waited another five minutes, hoping she wasn't in the back making up my burrito with a side of steaming terd to go.  

She flung open the window again and said "What!!  What did you order!!?!?!"  

At this point I had lost my patience, and I hulked out.  "ARE YOU KIDDING ME??  I ORDERED A #6!"    This did not phase her.  She just slammed the window shut again.

I considered ramming my car into the building repeatedly until they gave me my burrito.  I also considered tying her to my bumper by the hair and then speeding away.  But no, friends, I did not go postal.  I just stared at the reflective window and daydreamed about her falling into the deep fryer.

Just then she opened the window and thrust another bag at me.  I took it, and as I looked up at her once more, it seemed like slow motion.  The word F*CK slowly bellowed out from her festering mouth.  Stunned, I looked down into the bag to see that the order was finally right, so I looked back up at her as she was for the last time violently slamming the window shut and yelled "YOU DESERVE THE EMPLOYEE OF THE MONTH AWARD!!!"  Then I drove away.

After this lovely exchange between two well-mannered ladies, like afternoon tea in the sun garden in our frou-frou garments and wide brimmed hats, I promptly dropped my burrito on the floorboard of my car rendering it inedible, (at least to me), and alas I will never know what that steaming terd burrito tasted like.