Noisy, slow, incompetent - oh and bad food too (even for a chain restaurant).

As soon as we walked in we were hit with a wall of noise.  Asked for the quietest place - "there is none". Was actually put right in front of the stage - no one was performing so figured we'd be fine.  Then, about 10 minutes later (prior to our server even coming by to drop water, take a drink order, or even say "Hi") the band got on and the noise increased tenfold.  Asked if we could be moved to the bar area which seemed quieter so we could at least hear each other - this also ticked off our server who FINALLY showed up after 10 minutes, as we were moving to the bar.

Bar is "self service" there is no table service, you order from the bartender - the ONE bartender.  No menus in the bar area so went back to the hostess stand and asked for some (20 or so sitting on the stand) but rather than politely service the customer, she looks confused and in a huff (seriously, in  a huff) she says "Why didn't you take those." pointing to the ones on the table we previously occupied.  So, instead of taking 3 off the hostess stand, she walks to the other table and grabs two and thrusts them at me "Here." I was actually expecting to hear "Harrumph" come from her.  I kinda look at her like she's nuts and take a third along with a drinks menu from the stand.

Miss, I'm sorry that the only job your HS diploma has allowed you to get thus far is a minimum wage job that you hate.  But until you better yourself and have some skills - and personality - THIS is as good as it gets.  Accept it like the rest of humanity has and build on the experience for your next big career move.

Anyway, we should have left at this point.  But we were so hungry we didn't want to wait to get seated someplace else.

Bartender was very friendly, but over worked.  He was alone with a full bar and no real help.  We ordered drinks and apps.  Got the drinks and then placed our food order.  About 25 minutes later our food arrives - no apps ever came.  Whoops.  One of the dinners was the nachos and within literally 3 minutes the cheese had coagulated to a solid mass making them pretty much inedible.  It then took them (NO exaggeration) 6 attempts and two managers/supervisors to get the bill right.

Do not go here if you are:
Hungry.
Like good service.
Enjoy talking to your eating companions.
Enjoy good food.

I almost forgot, we got to listen to karaoke and hear some twit curse up a storm - seriously, I'm guessing that my review would not post if I wrote what she "sang".  Keep in mind, this is a "family" restaurant.  Stay classy Senor Frog's.