My families experience here tonight was an absolute nightmare!

We had a party of five and the salsa went quickly. The staff was no where to be found. Not a good start to the evening....  Then once our server came back to our table and we were able to ask for more salsa, it did not come until after our meals arrived.  This is something I would usually forgive and forget, even though there were only 3 other tables with customers and it was not a busy night.  However, I was not even half way through my green chili burrito when I found the longest, blackest HAIR wrapped around a piece of the meat.  This made my mother in-law physically ill and she had to excuse herself from the table. Obviously, I was done eating for the evening.  I had no interest in ordering something new with less hair.  I informed our server about the hair.  Typically, my meal, that was not even close to being finished, would have been taken off the bill. The bill that was hand written, chicken scratch that we could barely read.  But not only was it NOT taken off the bill, they actually overcharged us AND added 18% gratuity, which a sign stated was only added on Friday and Saturday nights when they had live music (or usually for parties of 8 or more people).  Today is Thursday....  When my husband questioned the bill our server pretty much just said "oops" and adjusted it to take off the automatic gratuity.  When she brought the bill back it was still not correct.  So, my husband added it up in his head and explained to her how much the bill should be.  She then left the table for about 10 more minutes and came back with a calculator and said he was correct and she would void the first bill and run my card.  I then said that she need needed to remove my hairy meal from the tab before she ran my card and she literally ROLLED HER EYES at me and stomped off.  She came back to the table with the correct amount and we were finally able able to leave after 20 min of back and forth over the cost.  

 The service and shady billing scenario alone, even without the hair situation, was enough for us to agree to never step foot in this establishment again.