For the first time in my entire life, I instructed my party NOT to leave a tip and they reacted by counting out COINS so that we could pay the bill for this would-be meal and ensure that the wait staff was aware that we hadn't forgotten a tip, but simply that they had not earned one from us.

We had a party of four meeting up at this location to grab a quick bite before our movie began at 7:00.  Two of us showed up first and were brought to our seats.  An older gentleman came up to our table and asked for our drink orders...and then a younger gentleman came up a minute later for our drink orders.  I informed him that we had already been helped and thanked him.  After a few minutes, our original server brought out our drinks and a basket of tortilla chips with a tray or salsa, bean dip and guacamole to munch on.  This is one of the things I love about Mexican food restaurants, it's their version of a bread basket and it works so well, for me, because I love salsa and chips.

After about ten more minutes, another of our party showed up and the same thing happened as before.  Older gentlemen gets her drink order and then the younger one does the same thing.  I'm curious, are they really so overstaffed that they need two people to check up on each other or are they just unaware of which sections each is supposed to cover?  No matter, since we were splitting the bill and crunched for time (and our fourth party was stuck in traffic), we order two appetizers to split.  

After we ordered, my best friend noticed that our salsa, bean dip and guacamole was almost empty and the older gentleman was at our table so she asked him to send us a new one.  He looked directly at her as she made the request and then just turned around and walked away.  She gave his retreating back a funny look and then noticed that the younger gentleman was about to pass our table and stopped him for the same request.  He got a very nervous looks on his face, shook his head and informed us that this wasn't his section and he'd send our server over.  Really?  Then why were you asking for our drink orders and serving the two tables to the left and right of us?

The older server came out with his stern face in place and snidely informed my best friend that only the first bowl of salsa and dip is free, afterwards he would have to charge us $7.95.  Just so that everybody is aware, that's the price of an appetizer at this location.  My friend literally laughed at him and waved him away after I had informed him that this would be our once and only visit to this restaurant.  It amazes me that $7.95 is worth the loss of what might have been a repeat customer.

After we ate, the older server handed us our bill of $25.30 and my two companions literally counted out 25 dollars and three dimes while I wrote on the note that they should be on the lookout for my upcoming one star yelp review and that the service was so horrible that I would not be back.  Three servers saw that I was writing on the bill and pointed us out in front of the restaurant while they whispered vehemently about us.  To top everything off, the server came and snatched up what we had left before we were even out of the booth and gave us a cold sneer for our "generosity."  

It's actually a crying shame that I won't be back to this restaurant, especially in a town like Las Vegas where there can't be that many more Mexican food restaurants that would be willing to bestow decent service on a paying customer...right?