Let me tell you a little story. It's about a girl who just wanted an Arizona burrito w/ fries instead of potatoes. The villain will be played by an angry fat troll who lives in a drive thru, hates her life, and takes it out on unsuspecting tired college students. 

It was a hot & clear night in the chandler 'burb of az & after a long day of dodging bro's and fighting off general toolishness our heroine jumps in her trusty dodge along with her companion and they were off to scour the lands for something to eat. 

Upon deciding that neither wanted a fiendish burger both our heroine & her companion eagerly decided on a magical burrito from Filiberto's. Excitedly they pulled up to order but were met by a croaking voice that demanded, "filibertos what do you want!?!". Unfazed by the rudeness our heroine ordered, "Two arizona burritos with fries instead of potatoes & a large diet coke." The rude troll barked out, "Two cali burritos & a diet, that's $18.83". Confused the heroine sheepishly corrects, "No sorry I want two az burritos not two cali burritos, there's a price difference of two more dollars". The horrible little trolls comes back, screaming, through mic, "You want fries!?! This is how I have to ring it up." "Ok fine", replied the heroine as she pulled up to the pay window. Once at the window the troll was even ruder, giving the poor heroine dirty looks, and rolling her troll eyes at the heroines polite greeting. Upon paying, the heroine asked for 10 red sauces and 10 green sauces. Well this upset the troll and stated that after 5 sauces they would charge .50 each sauce. Well, the patient heroine finally lost it at this incredulous statement and her companion asked the troll point blank, "you give out free and UNLIMITED sauces inside. Is it that labor intensive to put it in little plastic cups you have to overcharge?" This was a mistake readers....the troll was so mad her fat little cheeks started twitching and she began huffing & puffing at the two adventurers and slammed the window shut. 

Finally! The food was done and as the troll opened the window to give the two beleaguered souls their food the heroine, wishing never to have a bad experience with anyone in life smiled and said, "Thank you!!" Well the troll was just as rude as ever and being fed up with the rudeness the heroine puts on the biggest, fake smile, and happily yells, "HAVE A GREAT NIGHT!"

Upon arriving at her castle the heroine begins to devour her food only to find out the California contains guacamole a terrible substance that the heroine is allergic to. Reaching for her soda the heroine take a large gulp only to notice a strange taste...REAL SUGAR! Our heroine is a type 1 diabetic and has not dosed enough insulin to cover this deliberate attack on her life! THE TROLL WAS TRYING TO POISON HER!! Luckily our heroine had not ingested enough of the substances to do her in. 

Moral of the story is this readers, this food establishment is more trouble than it's worth. You may think that you are trading your hard earned dollar for a delicious burrito but what you don't realize is that this isn't the filiburtos of yore. Nay, it has been replaced by a terrible troll factory that will overcharge at any chance & then try to kill you while they do it. Stay away. Reader. Stay away.