Truly a bizarre experience here, more than a bad one, but shitty nonetheless, thus the one star.

I will start with the positives in fairness to the restaurant, as they did just open a few weeks ago. 

1) The food is alright. Nothing too special, nothing bad.

Alright, with the good out of the way, lets get into the bad. This place is an epic service fail, with the hash-tag and all.

Originally, I had four friends at my house and we ordered take out from the restaurant. I placed a $70 order for food and please take note of the dollar amount, it will be important later.  We each ordered a combo plate, so five combo plates, each with a couple different items. I made sure to tell them on my order, that I do not want beans, as I am allergic to them.  Order was taken and I was told to be there in approximately 30 minutes.  I showed up to the restaurant right on time and was told to wait. Not a big deal, a few minutes wont kill me, at least they are getting the order right and it was a large order. After waiting twenty minutes, they delivered the order and I left. 

What ensued was quite simply the most absurd packaging job ever. I will try and break it down. So on three of the five combos, we had a taco ordered. Well, they put the three tacos in the same box ,not with their respective combo. They did this with everyones order. So it was kind of like a buffet, but having to rebuild what you had ordered. Why on earth would you do this? Add to that, they still got the order wrong and left out items while including stuff no one ordered.  To cap it, they had beans and rice in every box, so I could not eat it anyways. 

I politely called the restaurant and the manager eagerly took my call. She apologized profusely and offered to either refund the money or would rather have me come back in and will credit my meal and mark it in her log. I really respected her cantor on the call and her professionalism and took the credit instead, as I was willing to give this neighborhood spot a second chance as the manager had won me over and I wanted to have another go to Mexican restaurant near by.

Fast forward a week later and myself and girlfriend go into said Garcias to dine in person. Upon walking in, I asked the hostess about my credit and she said she would ask the manager. We were seated at a nice table for two and within a couple of minutes a manager approached our table. She introduced herself and for a moment acted like she didn't remember our call. Then I said check your log and she came back with our waiter and said "oh yes, I spoke to you on the phone and noted it, I am really glad you came back" She put her hand on the waiter, who was standing literally next to her and said "he will take care of anything you need". Everyone smiled, situation is good, lets order. We order one appetizer, the espinaca con queso and we each order a combo. Food is delivered timely, hot, and pretty good, not great, but decent enough, we think all is fine.

Now the waiter says "I will bring you your check." So I am thinking, he must know I want to tip him and didn't bring cash, so he is going to charge me a dollar so I can tip on my card. Nope, this guy brings me a $32 bill. I look at him and say, "Sir, we were supposed to be credited, by your manager who was standing here." This guy literally looks right at me and says "What? I don't remember". My girlfriend and I just look at each other because we are now sure we are on camera, this must be an elaborate prank. I say right back to him "you were standing right here, are you on something?" He looks at me and then says he will go ask another manager, that manager we spoke too, with him there has left. He comes back over ten minutes later with a $22 bill. They took $10 off. 

My girlfriend and I just bust out laughing, we pay the bill and leave, just enjoying the massive humor this place has just provided us for years to come. We spent $70 on bad pickup order and instead of being credited back $70, or at just the $32 to cover our smaller meal this time around, we actually spent more.  TOTAL SHIT SHOW. AVOID.