Has gotten bad. This place used to be pretty good. My oldest son had his very first cheese quesadilla here 6 years ago when he was in a high chair. It is so sad what it is like here now and we won't be returning. Our party of 3 was sat with two plates for the chips and two sets of silverware. When ordering drinks, I specified the two children needed cups with lids. I wanted water, no lemon. Out came adult glasses with no lids, water with lemon. My youngest ordered grilled cheese and applesauce. The sandwich he received was toasted bread with what looked like two translucent squares of wet, greasy, yellow wax. He was also given fries. While waiting for them to remake it, my older son needed a refill of lemonade. My youngest one's new grilled cheese came out and it looked like the bread had been painted yellow. Needless to say he had lost his appetite. When I asked if my oldest son's lemonade refill was coming, the server said, "Yeah, I told you it was." So I mentioned my youngest was supposed to get applesauce, not fries. The whole meal it literally felt like the waiter was deliberately doing the opposite of what I was wanting. We weren't even offered dessert. I ordered one fried ice cream for the 3 of us to share. The server asked if we wanted honey on it and I told him no, how about some caramel and chocolate. The ice cream was rock hard like it had been in a deep freeze, was sitting on a soggy fried tortilla, and was topped with chocolate, caramel AND honey. The manager decided to "comp" my youngest son's grilled cheese for all our trouble. Thing is, he never got anything to actually eat. So I asked if they could make him a cheese quesadilla to go as I really didn't feel like cooking this night, hence the reason we came out to eat. They came back with his quesadilla packed up to go. Boy, am I glad I took a look at it before we left. It was dripping with grease, not even cut. It was a mess. I showed the manager and told her I guess I'm going home now to cook my son some dinner. So sad this place has gone WAY DOWNHILL. P.S. Don't expect to actually be greeted when you walk in. They'll be too busy doing something else.