Horrible Experience-Sammy Should be ashamed of the quality and poor service and remove his name from this venture. One of my friends and I went to Vegas right before Thanksgiving. We took some cameras and a video camera with us to shoot during our trip. 

"The meat had marks on it from where the Jockey was hitting it" (Rodney Dangerfield Quote from Caddyshack). 

We stopped at Cabo Wabo because I'd been to the one in Cabo and this one has a nice patio overlooking the strip. We thought we could get some drinks, watch the people, and roll our camera a bit overlooking the strip. We sat on the Patio of this horrible restaurant for 15 minutes while 3-4 waiters walked by without even acknowledging us. 

First person to visit us was the manager dressed in a hoodie and jeans with a radio earpiece in his ear like he was protecting the president or something. Really, this guy is in charge? He came over before asking us if we wanted a drink, welcome/greeting, etc. and started asking us questions about our cameras and scolding us that we cannot use them on the property. Only still pictures. I explained to him that we were there to spend money buy drinks and eat dinner and he was still very rude. I also told him that we had been there for 15 minutes without a greeting while his waitstaff walked by and that we were planning on eating there. He asked us more questions about our cameras then gave us a lecture about 9/11 and that one of the buildings on the strip next to them was threatened in 2001. In a city where most of the population are tourists with cell phones that have cameras and also carry leisure cameras he then accused us of "Potentially Being Terrorists because we had cameras and were filming the site on the strip". I explained to him that we were Americans from Texas. His reply was "And Timothy Mcveigh was also an American". This manager is beyond Douche-Bag at this point. We took still pics and we also used a camera that looked like a still pic camera and we still recorded video. He couldn't tell the difference even though he sat back 20 yards from us by the front door and watched us the entire time like we were criminals.  We were told NO video but we could take all of the still pics we wanted. Not sure how that will discourage terrorism. 

Finally, our waiter "Juan" came by. And let me tell you "Juan" was NO SPEEDY GONZALEZ. Turtles and Snails were driving by this guy like the Indy 500 he was so slow. So we order some beers. Juan told us that their carbonation and water was bad and that the beer was flat. And yes, he was right, I had the worst dos equis beer ever and my friends beer was nasty too. Tasted like day old beer. It was warm and flat and tasted like two day old beer fermenting in a glass on a table and it was very flat, no bubbles. Worst beer I've had since I was in high school. Next I ordered a margarita and I tried to get a top shelf that was frozen. Juan explained to me that "You don't drink frozen margaritas with top shelf liquor". Really, I'm from Texas Biotch and if I want Herradura or something better in my margarita, I'll order it. I'm the customer. "Have you ever heard of a TOP SHELF Margarita Biotch?"

Besides I'm from Texas I drink Margaritas daily and I live in a place where we know our margaritas. I'll have to say, the margarita (that was not top shelf and just well liquor) was pretty crappy for a Mexican restaurant. I've had better margaritas in Wisconsin and Minnesota and those people don't know what the hell a margarita is. So we ordered some food . 

"the meat had marks on it from where the Jockey was hitting it" (Rodney Dangerfield Quote from Caddyshack). 

Really for $17 I could have gotten a better meal at Mcdonalds. The guy I was with ordered Nachos which were just a pile of cheese on chips not much for variety or flavor. They were flat and looked crappy too. Oh yeah, the manager followed my friend to the restroom and sat back about 20 yards from us to watch us the entire time. I guess he felt he was going to prevent a terror attack by stopping our filming of the Las Vegas strip. Typically I tip 20% or more but here I left him a 10% tip and even felt bad. So if you want low quality mexican food, watered down flat beers, and watered down "well" margaritas you should check out Cabo Wabo. The only positive about this place is that the view off the patio on the strip is cool and you can see the Bellagio fountains. I hope the health department prevents this factory of food poisoning to continue to serve food and sicken the world and the ultimate sin of messing up a great patio that could be much better if they actually had drinks that tasted good and couldn't mess up "beer" from a Keg. A few hours later we both got stomach aches from the food and felt very sick to our stomachs. We now know what happens to the horses at the track that don't make 1st, 2nd, or 3rd place. Tip for the day: Don't bet or order horse #5