Not a very good experience.  

First - to reviewer ds v. and anyone else who dined at La Casa Blanca this evening:  depending upon where you were sitting there is a good chance that my table was the "one".  I'm not ignorant to the fact that for a period my 1 year old son was very loud and I do apologize to anyone whose evening was affected... I'm embarrassed.  That said, it is not the responsibility of the staff to "control" any guest of the restaurant.  This restaurant was very loud and full of several noisy, high-energy children this evening.  It is my understanding that this restaurant is regularly patronized by young families with small and noisy children... perhaps it is not the best choice for you.  And regarding the the idiot who yelled across the restaurant:  be a gentleman, stand up and have a conversation.  This is restaurant... not an WWF wrestling event.

Now, about the restaurant.  Upon arriving we were greeted and promptly setup at a table in the middle of the restaurant.  Chips, salsa and warm bean dip were quickly delivered to our table.  That was the highlight of the evening and everything was downhill from there.  Our server took our drink order but did not return for at least 15 minutes to take our food order... and then it was probably another 30 minutes before our food arrived.  During this time we were left with an almost-bare table and no attention... and it was during this time that my son was the annoyance.  At this point I couldn't even get the waiter's attention bail out if I had tried... and not-coincidentally once service resumed and food had arrived all was well... with my son.

During this period of time the restaurant manager did stop by to make a sarcastic remark... TO MY 15 MONTH OLD SON.  No conversation to us except another lame remark when my wife commented.  She later provided a rather insincere apology when confronted... she seemed very stressed... it's Tuesday night... hate to interact with her on a busy weekend.

The food - would have been alright (not great, but good enough) if it was warm.  The waiter did mention that my wife's shrimp dish takes a bit longer.  First - when was the last time that shrimp EVER required longer to prepare?  Second - how about delaying the preparation of the other plates so that they all finish at the same time?  My son's grilled cheese (yes - grilled cheese at a mexican restaurant.  give him a break... he's 3) was cold and fries soggy.  My enchilada was barely warm and my tostada shell was inedible.

I will mention that the restaurant does appear to use fresh ingredients.  I know the cheese is freshly-grated because a 2x2 inch remnant from the block found it's way into my wife's taco...

I wanted to like this place but probably not heading back...