Oh, Pedro's, palace of mediocrity. I've been to Pedro's a handful of times over the years, but last night was a nightmare. I will not go back.

We sat in the bar area, as there was a 15 minute wait for a table in the dining area. That was fine, but the bar was a clusterfrak of odd people. But whatever, we were there for margaritas and mediocre tacos. We knew what we were getting ourselves into. 

There was a sign on the wall that said "Moon Man only $2.00" and I was super excited. New Glarus Moon Man is my favorite beer, and this was a bargain price! Sadly, the beer I was served was not Moon Man. I asked the bartender lady, "Is this Moon Man or Blue Moon" and she promised it was Moon Man. She smiled and said, "I tried it last night, it's kinda lemony isn't it?" Moon Man is hoppy and delicious, but not overly lemony. This mystery beer Pedro's is claiming to be Moon Man tastes weirdly of margarita syrup and I was really disappointed. Also, the behind-the-bar area is nasty and needs a good cleaning/gut job.

The food was worse than I remember it ever being, and my friend's sampler platter featured a god-awful steak quesadilla. As I was eating my chicken taco, I kept thinking how it was so much worse than a shredded chicken taco I had a Taco Bell recently. The problem with that is the fact that the TB taco was $5 cheaper.

At one point, the bartender went from merely okay to completely unprofessional. I understand that she was the only bartender working on a very busy Thursday, but still. She pretty much yelled at some customers for asking her to ring up their bill. When they said their waitress hadn't checked back on them for a very long time, the bartender still insisted they find their waitress and deal with it. Terrible customer service.

If you want decent Mexican food, go elsewhere. If you are craving a margarita, go elsewhere. After several very underwhelming visits and one horrendous one, I'm convinced that this is not a place I want to support. With the closure of the Westside location, and the poor reviews of this East location, I'm surprised this place is still open. Avoid.