My wife and I went in just before 9pm, which is over an hour before they close.  As we walked in we noticed an employee standing on the grill (which was off with no lights on) taking down the hoods to clean.  After noticing the early closing duties being done, we looked to see that all the selections of proteins were at the bottom of the pan except for the barbacoa.  
My wife ordered the chicken tacos, which had a clear sign stating that they had an OUTAGE of their regular chicken indicating that the chicken they were currently serving, wasn't organic and contained hormones. No biggie its just chicken right?  I ordered the barbacoa burrito simply because it looked like it was the freshest item made to offer.  After sitting down to eat I took two bites and realized that my entire burrito was cold.  I opened the burrito and stuck my finger right into the center to realize that it was not the slight bit warm but entirely cold including the barbacoa.  Went inside to make the Manager aware that the barbacoa was cold.  
The manager simply stirred up the meat and tasted a sample for himself.  His reply was, "yeah its not very warm but that probably because we haven't touched it and stirred it enough..  We don't cook this here, it comes in cooked and we only re-heat it."  
That pretty much solved the question at hand, they don't cook the barbacoa there and they don't even re-heat it to a sanitary temperature.  I would think these employees have gone through a food training class where the FDA clearly states that between 50 and 140F there can be rapid growth of bacteria in beef.  Food has to be kept above 140F otherwise bacteria starts to grow and doubles every 20 minutes.  This manager had no concern what so ever to be apologetic because he was clearly more interested in closing although they were open for another hour.  I received a refund per my request for the meal and didn't even get an apology.  I would suggest that no one eat at this chipotle after 8pm.  The staff is too focused on closing rather than providing a quality product.

http://www.fda.gov/Food/FoodborneIllnessContaminants/BuyStoreServeSafeFood/ucm328131.htm