Madison, may we have a moment of silence for the old La Guanajuantence?

As sadly reported by yours truly in November of 2011, it appears as though La Guanajuantence is under new management, and new doesn't mean better.  What was once the best burritos, tacos, and salsa location in all of Madison is now nothing more than your standard el cheapo Mexican restaurant.

I took a coworker here for lunch today with the hope that things were back to normal, but alas, we were both sadly disappointed.  We arrived at noon, and were promptly shown to a table, which featured the dirtiest, nastiest, most caked-up hot sauce dispensers I've ever seen.  

Our waitress brought chips, took drink orders, and left us to browse the plain-old-typing-paper-menus.  

We walked up to the "salsa bar" which now consists of a bussers tub filled with ice and "stocked" with six (6) small clear plastic containers of salsa: avocado, traditional, chipotle, green chille,  tomatillo, and one mystery salsa.  While the presentation was pathetic, the salsas were decent, although most tasted very similar.

The waitress returned to take our order, which consisted of a steak burrito, a chicken burrito, a chicken taco, and an al pastor taco.

The food arrived after a short wait, and my fears were confirmed - the burritos are over-stuffed with cheap Mexican rice, complete with canned peas and corn, heavy on the lettuce and cheese, and very light on meat and/or flavor.  My friend said that he would've rather had a McDonald's breakfast burrito than this $8 abomination.   

I snapped a quick picture of the burrito - you can see how little steak there is (what steak that was there was nearly tasteless, very dry, and extremely gristly)...

The tacos... I love street tacos.  But both the chicken and the pastor were dry, flavorless, and unimpressive.  SIGH.  The pastor was chewy/stringy... And my coworker's chicken burrito came slathered in cheese for some reason... 

We paid our tab, left, and I vow to never return.  It's simply not worth it.  Granted, the service was nice, but the food has gone so far downhill, there's no saving it.

La Guanajuatence = FAIL FAIL FAIL

Food = 0.5 stars (the salsas were ok)
Value = 0.5 stars ($8 for a rice-stuffed burrito?)
Service = 3 stars (friendly and attentive)
MISC = 1 star (the crusty condiments and lackluster salsa "bar" weren't cool)

Off to find a new taqueria.  -sob, sniff, sob-  I miss the old Guanajuato.