This place just opened up near my apt and sent out a $10 gift card to people in close proximity. Oddly enough I had been having such a craving for chicken and waffles lately, it seemed like fate.

First off, Fate I would like you to know that you're a jerk.

My wife (who is a vegetarian) and I decided to try this place out even after reading the previous Yelp! reviews. 

I thought the record sleeves for menu covers was a cool idea, and it seems that they have added a better beer selection since one reviewer had posted his distaste of limited beer options. 

At first, the service was prompt. Our server took our drink order and brought the beer and waters quickly. She was not very knowledgeable when it came time for ordering our entrees, my wife wanted to make sure there was no egg in the veggie tacos, she did not know but she did go to the kitchen to check for us, and was very polite. 

We ordered:

Veggie Tacos
Side of sweet potato fries
Chicken and waffles that came with gravy

After waiting nearly 20-25 minutes for our food, it finally arrived. 

The fries - barely lukewarm. When she brought the rest of our food out I explained to her that our fries were cold, she took them back and said she'd be back. A couple of minutes later she returned with what was obviously the same fries that were just redropped into the fryer to heat up (and soak up a ton more oil) they were awful.

The rest of our food was also barely warm. The butter didn't even melt on the waffle. 

The manager came over and asked how everything was and I told him "all of this food is barely warm"

"I'll go reheat all of it for you"

He did. He obviously dropped the chicken back in the dryer (now frying the meat as I had cut off a few bites) and brought it back. 

The whole meal was awful. 

I felt like the food was probably ready at a decent time, but was not delivered to us promptly and sat under a heat lamp for 10+ minutes.

I will never go here again. People tell me I need to try Lolo's. I guess I will next time I have the craving.

If I could have left 0 stars, I would have.