Such a disappointment. When my girlfriend and I stopped there for drinks it wasn't chaotic and the food smelled fantastic. When our party of six went for a late dinner (9pm) it was one of the least enjoyable dining experiences I've had in Pittsburgh. 

We wanted to eat on the patio, which we quickly figured out was 'seat yourself'. This is where it turned into The Hunger Games. Everyone standing around hawkishly waiting for a table. You make some friends and alliances to get the job done, survive and get a table. While we waited in the middle of this half open air Thunderdome I made my way to the bar to grab a libation. This might be how they keep you busy. The seemingly infinitely patient couple in front of me and I waited for a solid ten minutes before...well whatever the hell was going on was situated and we were asked for our order. Just to stretch my legs, another 5 minutes for 2 sangria, which I will say that both the red and the white are fantastic. I digress. 

We finally won the pity of a family from District 1 who made sure to tell us they were leaving to show their commitment to bestow upon us they're semi-primo series of three small tables pushed together saving us from having to shoulder block the 2 middle aged woman to my right from swooping in to protect the Cornucopia. Tables. 

Then the hunt for 2 more chairs was on. This is the point in the final few minutes of "The Games" where you expect all the kids to turn on each other. We made enemies. We made friends. You never know how good a person really is till times are dire and you need their help. Our party was complete. Pressed in together snugly on three sides of the tables haphazardly pressed up against the rail (one of the long sides mind you) while the "DON'T MOVE THE FURNITURE" sign daunted overhead. 

We've sat. We've ordered. War is hell. Really enjoyed that first half hour. 

Now I'm excited. The guacamole and salsa are both so amazing they may have been touched by Guy Feiri's frosted tips and blessed by Pope Frank on their way out if the kitchen. Maybe the fight is part of the experience Makes you tougher. Makes you hard. Maybe this is going to be an experience where I learn this lesson that changes my current course of life by telling me that patience pays off and the fish tacos I ordered will send my brain into a slow-motion running, shit blowing up in the background scene from a Michael Bay movie frenzy. 

Sadly, no. The fish taco was as greasy as my soul and the bill was higher than my blood pressure on that day last week where I couldn't find a parking spot in the casino garage. The casino parking garage. Someone has to be working against you to have that kinda frustration. 

Can that dude with the truck open somewhere with seats please?