Blech. Just blech. I guess all good things have to come to an end...not sure why since this place always had such great food. When we ate there ten, twenty years ago the place was always so crowded that lines formed to get inside. The food was always fresh and delicious and when you left you walked away with a full belly and a happy smile on your face. Even five or so years ago the food was good...but tonight we got take out...now I know take it is not a good as eating it fresh  in the restaurant, but we live ten minutes away from this place. Hubby got steak and chicken fajitas and they looked like they had been sitting around all day. He said the veggies were so greasy he couldn't eat them. My meal earned the real blech. Greasy, greasy. The guacamole was greasy and had an odd taste. Not sure what has happened but I guess that the magic is gone and the food tasted like it had been previously cooked and warmed up. I'm sure it was all made fresh today it just didn't taste that way. A TV dinner would have tasted fresher. 

Now, sadly we cross off yet another Mexican restaurant here in Tempe. No one near us knows how to cook fajitas. We have to go to Jalapeño's Inferno up in Scottsdale to get them. They have awesome food, great chips and salsa and the best margaritas around. Unfortunately it is about an hour drive from our house.

Wish I had better news for you people craving some good Mexican food. My husband said there was not a soul in the place tonight save for one other person who was waiting for their takeout order. We did order late so they might have been getting ready to close. The food sure tasted like left-overs. That is no excuse. Drive down the street and Panda Express keeps bringing out fresh trays up until the doors are locked.
Guess I need to sharpen my chopsticks. 

At this rate, another valley landmark might soon be going away. The Mesa Serrano's on Dobson and Guadalupe shuttered its doors. We ate there and the food went downhill too. When it opened it had the most amazing food and service. This makes us old-times sad. We remember how great both locations were and we miss the good meals we ate there.

I didn't bother to call and tell them how lousy their food was since they probably would have offered us a free next time meal. I think not. We do not plan to return to this restaurant...at least not in this lifetime. Mediocre food...I can cook that at home!