I planned a birthday dinner for my wife and had a total of 11 family members there.  Only positive on this review is the food and drinks were good.  However the service was the worst I have ever experienced.  I thought we were on a reality show or something.  We had chips and drinks and the waiter asked if anyone else was  coming and I said yes 2 more but they are half hour away.  He said okay and left.  We did not see him again for 20 minutes   my sister in law accidently spilled her margarita that was full.  My mother in law had to get up and ask for a towel to clean the mess on table.  After that still no one came by to check on us.  My wife got up and found the waiter and told him what happened.  He reluctantly offered to get another one, and brought it in a small glass, not a margarita glass, and he left the first one with dirty margarita on the table.  At this time my wife got up and asked someone for the manager to come over.  He did and she explained what happened, and then the waiter comes over and starts arguing his case in front of everyone.  He says I told him we had 2 more people arriving in 30 mins so that's why he never came by.  After a few more back and forths the manager said don't worry we will take care of this.  Waiter took our order, food came, and after he dropped last  plate on table he left.  Didn't come check to see if we needed anything or how the food was....nothing.  my daughter noticed all water cups were empty so she got up to find someone to fill our cups.  Busboy came and did that.  He looked like he was 14 years old.  Waiter came by and asked if we wanted dessert and we said no, just 3 boxes.  He dropped them off and disappeared again for 15-20 mins.  My wife flagged him down again and asked for the check.  Meanwhile the same 14 year old looking busboy came and picked up everyone's plates and accidently hit my wife in the face with a napkin that was on the plate.  It didn't hurt her but he looked at her and didn't say a word.  It's possible that he didn't speak English because he never spoke but still apologize in your own language is better than nothing.  We spent over 150 dollars that night, but that shouldn't matter.  Wife and I have gone out and had water to drink and share a meal and spend 12 dollars and tip 5 because the service would be amazing, even though they know the tab is cheap.  This is my first time writing a review but I felt it necessary because the service was that bad , and in my opinion Derrick the manager did not represent your restaurant good at all.