The restaurant looks great and our waitress was super.  We order some appetizers, including the made at the table guacamole.  We were told how the pumpkin seeds really set off the dip.  Wrong.  There wasn't any sort of seasoning that we could taste and the seeds were distraction and were NOT visibly appealing.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great by any means.  The salsas you offer were offensively bad however.  My friend commented the house salsa reminded him of the stuff they served in the junior high cafeteria.  When I tasted it I had to agree.  Then we tried the avocado based salsa.  It was suspended in gelatinous mass that reminded me of mucus.  So not good I had one taste and had the waitress remove it from the table.  The remaining salsa wasn't bad, but was so watery and runny you couldn't keep it on a chip.  To have a name like Z'tejas and not have a salsa that is even passable should be embarrassing for you all.

The cornbread looked great and who doesn't like free cornbread?  Um, that would be us... After we tasted it.  Bad texture and devoid of good flavor.  Throw some green chilis in there and lose the honey butter.  Honey butter doesn't lend itself to cornbread.  Fry bread yes, cornbread no.

My friend had the famous tortilla soup.  It suffered the same mucus condition afflicting the avocado salsa.  I can't remember ever just looking at a soup and finding it unappetizing... Not so looking at his bowl of greasy goo covered in cheese.  Seriously?  Have you even had tortilla soup?  

My buddy had the mushroom enchilada.  Everything about the plate made it look unappetizing as it was drenched in flavor-lacking sauce and devoid of any "zip" or "zing."  He ate half and gave up. My entre had been recommended by another server--the steak burrito.  I ate 2/3 of it before I realized I was eating to finish, not because I was enjoying it.  The whole time I kept waiting to be impressed, or even satisfied.  I threw in the towel.

We momentarily considered dessert but given the lackluster performance thus far we both knew it would just be more let down.  Each of us, at some point during the meal announced "I'd never come back here for this."  On the way out we said in unison, as we eyed Zipps across the parking lot... "We should have gone there to eat!"  There was not one memorable dish.  Not even a memorable flavor.  The meal just sucked!

Our server was great and seemed apologetic as she saw the unfinished plates.  I have to imagine she sees that a lot.  I cannot fathom they have many repeat customers.  Within a stone's throw you have four restaurants that produce meals far better than anything I saw you offer at similar prices.  The Rokerij, Richardson's, Phoenix City Grille and even The Vig.  

Their first priority should be getting a decent salsa.  Next would be actually trying the food they are putting out and then seeking to make it taste like something good.  

I'm hugely disappointed with the quality of their food.  I give décor and service big thumbs up.  But I won't return for just those two things, there has to be good food too. 

PS: I'm shocked to see the rave reviews of the food.  I can only assume such reviewers spend a lot of time eating at Denny's.  Filiberto's serves up far better tasting food for a fraction of the price.