I don't think I have ever been to a restaurant where I have treated so poorly by the wait staff. I'm actually rethinking my Green rating because I sincerely think this is my worst restaurant experience.

The one good thing I can write is that this place is really cute and it has an inviting patio. Lots of string lights and cute bistro tables. I really thought I was in for a great evening. Oh how wrong I was.

My friend and I walked in and the hostess immediately sat us at a four top right in front of the door. Unless the restaurant is packed and the drafty table in front of the door is the last spot available, I do not want to sit in a place where incoming guests will constantly bump into my chair. I pointed to a seat in the back and after trying to convince me I didn't want *that* table, the hostess led us to the back. It's not the worst thing that could ever happen and that instance did not ruin my evening, it was just weird.

We sat and were greeted by our waitress, who initially seemed very nice. We both ordered water to start and I asked her for a drink menu. Apparently the drink menu is on the back of the regular menu. It's just so small that I missed it the first time. She told me that Friday night is the $4 frozen house margarita night, so I went with her suggestion. By the time I finish pulling out my ID, my dining partner was ready to order. We got a queso appetizer, the vegetarian tacos with a side salad, and the machaca plate.

While we waited, a few more groups came in, were greeted, and received their adult beverages. It had been ten minutes since I ordered my drink, so I tried to look for our waitress. 

She finally popped up five minutes later, but avoided all eye contact with our table. When she did see me, she quickly ran outside. I understand she might have had a few tables outside, but why have an inside section to wait as well? The table right next to us had an amazing server who brought them two orders of drinks in the time it took to get my water glass refilled. (Margarita was still MIA at this point.)

Then, the queso came out, brought by two hipsters. It looked like an over-microwaved styrofoam plate in a skillet and tasted just as bad. My friend tried to make the best out of the situation, but I was ready to call the manager. I really, really regret that I did not. 

Nasty queso juice dripped all over the table and there was no silverware or napkins to be found. AND no wait persons or a hostess to ask for said items. (Twenty minutes after I ordered my margarita, it was still MIA.)

Our waitress finally popped up and asked how the appetizer was. My friend cut me off and said it was different, but okay. He took rare this opportunity to ask for silverware. The waitress made an excuse that it should have been on the table already and went to grab some.  When she came back, I asked about my drink.

With another lame excuse that could have been avoided if she ever check on us in the then-thirty minute absence, she finally brought me my drink. It was OKAY, not worth $4... more like $2-3. 

Two seconds later, the food came out. At least we had silverware?

1) My veggie tacos and side salad were okay. Is it bad that the BEST part of meal was the white, iceberg lettuce salad?
2) My friend's machaca was bone dry. Isn't machaca supposed to be tender, rehydrated, and edible? 

All in all, the salsa was the best part of the meal. Yet, one cannot enjoy a dining experience on salsa alone. This was sincerely my worst experience at a restaurant and I will not go back to Mucho Gusto.