Overall it was very Underwhelming. After reading numerous reviews of this place on TripAdvisor I decided to give it a try during my visit to Arizona. Sadly it missed the mark. To the extent that I wonder what the others who have rated this highly have used as a benchmark. I travel weekly for work & therefore eat out often across the nation so I have a lot of experiences to compare this to. 

Food: 
I was torn between the fish or chicken. I asked if I could get 1 chicken and 2 fish however I was told they do not allow mixing meats. So I asked if I ordered fish tacos if I could have 1 fried and 2 grilled. I was then told customizations are not allowed. Being mindful of my health I prefer not to over indulge in fried food however I definitely wanted to try a variety since I don't live in AZ & reviews made this sounds like the best place ever. Ultimately I ordered the chicken tacos since my server said it was made of grilled chicken breast and I think it's tough to mess up a chicken taco. I was wrong. There were 3 tacos for $12 and about the size of my palm (I have small hands); they do not come with any sides. Contrary to what I was told they were not chicken breast. The flavor of the chicken was subpar and I had to pull off the fat that outlined the pieces of chicken. Aside from this I wasn't offered chips and salsa so I'm
Not sure what the requirements are for that but I imagine it's a purchase of some sort. 

I was surprised to learn that a restaurant attempting to classify itself has fine dining or upscale doesn't make any effort to accommodate guests. Quite different from
Most restaurants that truly fall into that class. Quite honestly there is more hospitality and service at Chick-fil-A and the food is better. 

Drink:
I ordered The Missionary which is a signature cocktail. They blend red sangria and their house margarita. It's more sweet than I like for cocktails. I asked my server if it was sweet before I ordered it and he said no. I had asked for drink recommendations. He didn't have much to offer however I heard him tell the table next to me how much he enjoyed the organic margarita. I wish I had received similar advice

Service:
One of the least accommodating restaurants I've ever been to. Working in the industry as a consultant perhaps I have a high bar. But for a high price tag and high claim in dining class this restaurant would do themselves  a service by researching trends in customer expectations and preferences. They will learn a number of things including that trends indicate customers prefer restaurants that allow customization, and highly value customer service.