The other reviewers were pretty close. I do think the place is super cute with lots of potential though. They need to redesign the new space they bought to match the cute original space next door. An artist could do wonders with those walls. They should make a super cool wall art mural like they have in the original space but even better. I liked the espresso bar and the old school diner look for sure but I sat in the new area and it was pretty ugly, dirty, grungy looking. Flies at the window. I hate that in older buildings. 

Let's start with the name of the place. Why is it called the lunch box and it has only four lunch options? The name is so confusing to me. It is more for breakfast which I did not stop by for. The menu is not correct online and it is very limited. It is also labeled American cuisine but with a mostly Mexican food menu. They do have a Gyro on the menu and some burgers but most of the their food is Mexican breakfast and I am not a fan of fast food Mexican food nor breakfast, usually. 

They do not serve drinks in glasses or cups. I was handed a water in a to go, plastic cup that actually had a bug or seed or something on the cup lip. Also, I have an issue with this from an environmental viewpoint. That is a lot of trash to generate every day. I ordered an Ice tea, and that was fine but only because they did not have any drinks that were diet. Really? I ended up ordering a turkey sandwich by default. The menu says it is actually cooked turkey but it was cold cuts or pressed. It was not fresh cooked turkey. Nothing special. It tasted like a school lunch sandwich. I could have made one at home for less than 2 bucks or bought at school for 50 cents more. It also had an odd taste to it. The sandwich came with fries that tasted very strange. I can not put my finger on it but they were awful and tasted very off. Like nothing I have ever tasted before. I have no idea why but i am guessing the oil. The potatoes were also rawish. 

I had no issue with the service as others stated. In fact the ladies working there are delightful! (thus the one star instead of zero) Yes, at first it seemed slow because I did not know if I could just sit myself or what. However, then it picked up. They are busy so the ladies work hard. However, they were very personable. Surprisingly, the place had a lot of customers. I sure do not get that but it seemed like the people in there were not foodies.