I just had the most unpleasant experience at this location. I ordered the carne asade QUESEDILLA, and was given the carne asade fries at the drive thru. When I realized it was the fries, I waited for someone to come back to the window with no luck. So I parked and went inside to get it fixed. I stood at the counter for a couple minutes before someone decided to finally come to the counter to help me. On top of already waiting far too long to be assisted, the lady that helped me was so unbelievably rude to me. I told her the situation and from the get go, she started arguing with me telling me that I ordered the fries. I have never ordered the carne asade fries in my life and was actually ordering for a co-worker straight from the order she wrote down for me. So I KNOW I ordered the quesadilla. The lady kept blaming me and telling me it was my fault. At this point, I was furious but didn't want to cause a scene. So I stood there quietly while they made the quesadilla and decided to check the prices of both items and noticed the fries are more expensive than the quesadilla. Typically, I am the type of person to just shrug it off and not worry about the price difference. However, when she handed me the food with attitude and immediately walked away without offering any type of compensation for the price difference, I decided I had enough of being treated like crap and wanted my money back.  As she was walking away, I had to grab her attention again and she was NOT pleased. I explained to her the price difference and immediately she threw her hands in the air and said again "it's not my fault you said fries". I was so baffled that someone would treat a customer so badly no matter whose fault it was that the order was wrong. No matter who is at fault, I came in here calmly to get the issue fixed. I did not deserve to be treated the way she was treating me.  She then said something to one of her co-workers (which she had likely been talking badly about me the whole time- too bad I don't understand Spanish). He told her the price difference between the items and she opened the register and basically threw a dollar at me and said "Here". Mind you, the price difference is $1.15 and I was charged the tax on the more expensive item. Again, I normally blow this kind of thing off especially because it really wasn't a big price difference. However, no customer should EVER be treated the way I was treated no matter who was at fault for the order being wrong. At this point, I only wish I would have made a bigger scene and demanded a full refund and ate somewhere else.