If I could have given 1/2 a star, I would have - and that would have only been for the crappy waitress!  I know good Mexican/Tex-mex food - I lived in CA for most of my life where Mexican food is a daily staple; I come from a Mexican-American family as well.
So, being a new resident of Charlotte NC & not knowing any of the restaurants locally, my family decided to try On The Border Restaurant because it was close to the other stores we needed to go to. 
   We arrived on a Friday about 4:45pm, and were seated within 5 minutes.  Waitress was devoid of any personality & Mexican food knowledge.  (That should have been a clue to get up & leave then.)
 We ordered a sampler plate appetizer and some "queso".  Very disappointed with the lack of any flavor, except old fryer oil, in the steak nachos & taquitos & whatever else was on the plate-  the "queso" was just some Velveeta with canned chilies in it, microwaved until it became blubbery/rubbery!   Yuck!   
  Sadly, our dinner arrived shortly thereafter- another huge disappointment!  I ordered a Chile Relleno & Chicken Enchilada plate.  However, what i received was a very overly deep-fried greasy & cold brown thing - it may have been a Chile at one point - with cold hard Greasy Jack cheese inside.  I couldn't even take a bite .  The retried beans were very, very wrong, on every level!  They tasted like canned bbq beans that had been smashed & burned & then over salted!  The rice was disgusting - it tasted like oil/grease & old rice.  The chicken enchilada was equally disgusting & lacked any flavor other than old fryer oil.   
  My kids ordered quesadillas- they took one bite & said it was gross ( they wanted to go home & have me make the a real quesadilla!).
  My husband was able to eat some of his meal, but had horrible indigestion later that evening.
  I think the local Taco Bell has better "Mexican" food than this On The Border!
  They should just probably change the name to
"On The Toilet"!
Never returning & sooo not recommending this place to anyone!
Severely Disappointed !!!
No bueno!!