Don't just walk away... RUN!  Tried it two years ago when it was under different ownership and called Tia Rosas.  It was horrible then, and nothing has changed.  My wife convinced me it was time to try it again, especially with new owners, so what the hell.  We were greeted and seated promptly and our server was very nice.  Chips were tasty, but the salsa left something to be desired.  We didn't have drinks as it was a Tuesday night and, well, we're trying to be good.  I ordered the pork tamale plate and my wife ordered the flying saucer with carne asada.  The food came out quickly, and the first thing that told me it wasn't going to be good is there was no smell.  Nothing.  Absolutely none of that delicious smell that precedes a plate of hot, tasty, well prepared food.  And the plates were cold.  No hot pads on the server's hands with warnings about the plate being hot.

There were two tamales on my plate, and both had obviously been previously frozen and microwaved and just tossed on top of some wilted lettuce.  Now if I wanted a frozen, nuked tamale I could have gotten that at home.  But at least I wouldn't have cooked them so long that the masa was as dry as sawdust.  And... wait for it... despite being overcooked they were not even as warm as room temperature.  The Spanish rice on the plate was cold to the touch and dry as a bone.  The refried beans were passable at best.

My wife's plate was smothered in about a pound of shredded lettuce that looked like it should have been tossed the previous day.  Once she scraped it off into an amazingly large heap, she dug into the carne asada.  I didn't sample it, but she reported it as tough, stringy and tasteless.  I wasn't surprised as I'd already tasted the sponge bob tamale I had been served.
  
I really hope the owners read this and understand this is an honest report of our experience.  I really wanted to find good Mexican food close to home, but I'll drive 30 miles out of my way before I'll take a chance on this restaurant again.  Seriously, a frozen microwave Mexican dinner from Bashas would have been more satisfying.