I'm from New Mexico so when I heard of Gill's being a New Mexican restaurant I was excited to try it. When I first walked in i noticed that there was no one there but me and my guest,which raised a question in my head. I asked my friend "wow do you think no ones here because it's not a good place to eat" since it was around 12:30 lunch hour I thought it would be busier. We went ahead and sat down. Started off with a nice waiter and burnt hard greasy extra salty chips! They were gross! I stopped eating the chips and ordered the green chile chicken enchiladas and my friend ordered the red beef burrito. The food took sooo long being that we were the only ones there I think we should of gotten our meal a lot faster. I guess Gill is the only cook back there! I dug into my enchiladas and tasted nothing good! They were so bland and had absolutely no taste. I also found 3 bones in my first bite and 2 more on my second bite from the chicken. I then stopped eating them and tasted the beans which were just ok and the rice which was probably the best thing on my plate but still gave the rice a 4 out of 10. I then tasted my friends red chile ground beef burrito and it tasted like a mix of chile powder and water which  is NOT New Mexico style! So I asked the waiter if I could please have a chile relleno which is my favorite food and I love all chile rellenos and thought to myself I couldn't go wrong with my second choice. Boy was I wrong! The chile pepper was hard as if it had never been roasted and peeled as they should be and it barely had any egg batter on it and to top it off it super greasy! Yuc what a disappointment. This restaurant is an embarrassment to the people that are from NM because gill's Taste of Taos is nothing close to real New Mexican food! New Mexico food is amazingly delicious and this place is a joke if they think they're making New Mexico food! It was the worst food I've had since i was a child and my mom would make me eat creamed corn as a kid!  Just as bad!