So disappointed!  They closed one that did such a good job, and opened this piece of crap.  Let us start with the interior, you walk into a greet station complete with seating to wait.  WAIT, no this is not where you go to get sat, you open another set of doors and are now in the bar, wait WHAT?  Here you find the greeting station, and now we wait looking like deer in headlights wondering who is going to seat us.   Ahh finally someone seats us right at a waitress we absolutely do not like.  Should I say, hmmm sure why not, HEIDI, if you get her run away.  They must have been in a hurry to get the place open because everything about the decor screams last business in the building including the horrendous panel dividers separating the dining from the bar.  We are sat in one of the booths that is open at both ends.  The booths that are against the wall are raised to where if someone is sitting in them you are looking right at they're crotch. So we place our drink order and a cheese crisp, and I notice the bus boy/chips and salsa getter is too busy placing settings at empty tables then to bring chips and salsa to us, (by the way there is only 4 tables sat so they so needed the settings done).  We get the chips and salsa and are told the cheese crisp will be out soon, (menus sitting on edge of table so obviously we are ready to order), and Heidi walks away.  Here comes the cheese crisp, and there goes Heidi again. Ok now she comes back to see if we are ready to order omg. We order and she does her best at saving us money by saying shes going to give us items off of the lunch menu instead of regular menu we looked at.   Now for the food her sour cream enchilada/ chicken,  she picked most of the chicken out of it saying it tasted cooked, frozen and thawed, OR it was from a can.  Mine was shredded beef tacos, shredded beef had no flavor and tasted pretty dang awful.   Lets not forget about the rice,  where do I start.  It tasted old, was very sticky and in wet clump piles.  It is time to pay and get the $%#@ out, wheres Heidi, shes staring out the front window.
The bill is here yay!!!!!!  NOOOOOOOO......  2 Dr. Peppers, 2 dinners, 1 cheese crisp $52 WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Took 5 minutes to get her attention even though she is helping the table right in front of us repeatedly.  Guess what she put that tables order on our bill too......  Maybe we wouldn't notice and pay it?????  8 minutes later we get a corrected bill, $30 for half eaten food.  While all this waiting is going on we are paying attention to the wait station.  It consists of I believe a 5 shelve wire rack.  At the top is to go boxes and cheese crisp boxes.  The next shelf down has odds and ends and 2 pitchers on plates, one is water and other is tea.  The next shelf down has the utensils in it, yep underneath the wire shelf with the pitchers on it.  The next shelf is where they are putting all the dirty dishes.  We can't see the bottom shelf.  And the best part is the garbage can is right next to the shelves with nothing preventing the food from flying up as it is thrown into it.  This was chance number 3 at the new location.  THERE WILL NOT BE A 4!!!!

WE ARE DONE WITH YOU CARLOS O'METHINKS NOT!!