Horrible!!  If your still curios, keep reading.

Been to this location on two separate occasions.  

First time, soon after they opened.  We were seated in the bar area.  Drinks and chips came out quick and that was the best part of the night.  I had to flag down our waitress several times to get a refill.  Chips weren't refilled.  Although at the door leading to the patio were about 6 of the  "kids" that refill drinks and refill chips just standing around not doing a lick of work.  Our dinner took about 1/2 hour to come out, and it was just eghhhh....  i chalked this experience up to grand opening issues.

Waited about 3 weeks before heading back.  This time around it was 9pm on a Saturday night.  Again we were seated in the bar area.  One of the appetizer plates on our table had a thick glob of dried cheese on it.  The hostess took it back and then brought me a "clean" plate.  As she approached i saw her scraping something off it.  She dropped it off and and i pushed it to the side and walked over to 3 empty table before i found plates w/ no dried on food on them.  They must have issues w/ their dishwasher albeit human or machine.  We sat there for 15 minutes, in that time, no one ever took our drink order or ever  brought chips or water.  As I looked around, again there were people standing around by the door leading to the patio doing NOTHING....just standing around chit chatting.  At this point i had enough.  As we walked out, i turned around and decided to speak to the manager.   When he finally came out, i told him that we had been there for 15 minutes and no one took our drink order, that he had a staff of people standing at the door doing absolutely nothing.  He kinda of just stared at me w/ a deer in the headlights look.  He never apologized, just stood there looking around.

As you read other posts about this location, you will read about the other service issue.  You would think this place being so new, they would want to hit it out of the park with every customer that walks thru their door.  Save your aggravation and money and head down the street to Manuel's or Macayos!