I am a really big fan of Javier's and I recommended this place for dinner for my out of town group. I hyped everyone up and I was pretty hyped myself to have dinner at one of my favs. It started out with dinner reservation that were set for 7:00pm. We arrived at 7:00 and had to wait for 20 mins to be seated as they claimed they had to prepare our table. We got seated at a booth that was way too small for our group size. By the way there were several tables and other booths that were surrounding that one which were empty, so basically not very busy at the time, so not sure why we had to wait the 20 minutes. Because our booth was to small they moved us to another table that was more appropriate for our needs. We then ordered drinks and guacamole. Our drinks came extremely fast, followed by chips and salsa. The waiter came back to get another drink order, so I asked what happened to the guacamole? I'll check on it he said. 10 more minutes goes by and still no guacamole. The waiter comes back and ask if we want more drinks? Still no guacamole so I ask him to cancel it. I abruptly told him, I can't understand what takes so long to get guacamole. I said you keep bringing out the expensive drinks, why can't you grab the guacamole? He replied with I'm really sorry sir it's my mistake the guacamole is in the back prepared and all someone needed to do was bring it out. He now comes back with drinks and I ask, so why does that table across from us have their food when they ordered 15 minutes after us? He replies with, honestly what you ordered takes longer to prepare. Good answer I guess. So finally our food arrived, but only half our order. He says yours will be out shortly. 3-5 minutes later the rest of the order shows up. Well to my surprise mine, that takes so much longer to prepare is almost ice cold. I'm not sure I understand why considering mine was the reason for the delay. He said I'll tell the manager you are not satisfied. So we all finish our meals and no manager. I had to flag the waiter down to get the check. I'm convinced it was a bad night. However as a consumer I have a choice of where I dine and I will most likely will not be dining here soon, if ever again.