I really wanted to give this place more stars but I cannot. Walked in to beautiful decor. First impression of appearance was positive. We sat at one of the bar tables, my best friend, her husband, my boyfriend, and myself so that they could watch the March Madness game on a Sunday evening. Initially, there was a decent crowd with probably 75% restaurant tables full and 60% of the bar area. Our Server was friendly but that's about it. We ordered 2 dip trios, which comes with salsa, quac, and queso. Queso was cold on both of our plates and we we're only given one basket of chips. We he came back to check on us 10 mins later, we requested that he heat up our existing queso and bring us our 2nd basket of chips. He replied with "yeah that wasn't my decision" and walked away... what wasn't your decision? We ordered two appetizers and we need the other half of one of these... and just please microwave our queso please! So anyways, he comes back with new queso......still cold. We complain, he says "yeah you're actually not the first person to complain about it today" and leaves again. Just clearly not getting it. We end up getting one new decent queso to split between the four of us. Onto entrees. We waited forever. My friends have been there before, in addition to the Shadyside location. They always get the same thing. My friends salad had been sitting in the window long enough for the cheese to not only melt, but harden into a solid chunk of cheese. Her husband's 412 burrito, which the primary ingredient is steak, came without one spec of meat. My boyfriend was too hungry to care but he said his fajitas weren't great but weren't terrible. My steak nachos were cold and very skimpy. I've had bigger portions from Taco Bell. The manager came over and sent back the burrito and my nachos for remakes. When our meals come out they are still sub par. Only 5 tiny pieces of meat in the $12 burrito and my nachos were edible but with cold queso, yet again, I could barely eat half. The manager, Jake was kind enough to comp our meal which we appreciated because I've never had such a terrible dining experience. He seemed overwhelmed and frustrated with the staff. Ultimately, we were there for almost 3 hours waiting on terrible food. Also, we all felt really sick the next day. So whether it was bad quality or they messed with our food, I won't be returning.