Had the worst experience ever at this location. I had the unfortunate event of ordering my food and getting home to find that my order was wrong!!! I ordered TWO chicken bowls , one for me and one for my husband. Along with 2 chicken legs for my 2 small kids,,, well not to mention that not only did I have to miss out on dinner with my family and drive back 15MINUTES , but I also got such a disapontment with the managers way of "fixing" things. Since they did not get my order right and failed to add a second chicken bowl to my order the "kind" store manager was going to give me 2 free chicken bowls ( I would get home and have 3 chicken bowls) ,,, I said no , I don't need 3  chicken bowls I only need what I ordered 2 chicken bowls. I said I wanted my order refund since I had to drive back and miss dinner with my family and my time and gas is not free , and giving me a 3rd bowl would not work since we are only two at home. The assistant manager Guillermo said no, his boss the store manager told him I get 2 bowls and that's it!! When I asked him what he wanted me to do with the third extra bowl that I didn't need, he shrug his shoulders and said that's all you get. He got his store manager on the phone and I got the same attitude from him. I'm not pleased that they tried solving the problem by being wasteful with food after I told them it was no good since no one would eat it and would just be WASTED FOOD. They could of just refunded my order of only $20, APPOLIGIZED for their mistake instead of giving me attitude  , saved a paying  coustomer, and NOT HELD UP THEIR DRIVE THRU LINE for another 15 minutes and piss off even more customers. As a business owner my self, I would rather lose $20 and keep my coustomer happy and coming back ,,,than to anger them by "fixing" my mistake with what I THINK is right even after the fact they just told me it would be wasteful. As I was leaving with my one chicken bowl the asistant Guillermo was so apologetic and said if it was up to him it would have been a different story. I wonder if he really sympathized to see me so irritated or if he just said that since I asked for regional managers information. Sooo what did I leave with after that? Just the 1 chicken bowl that was missing to begin with ,,, AND STILL WRONG!!! I asked for no tomatoes or pico de gallo,,,and yes sir, sure enough my food had pico de gallo on it when I got home. I even double checked that the only tomatoes on it was the one from the pico and the lady said yes. It's sad since I'm pregnant and have been having cravings of their pollo bowl and I had been there 3 TIMES THIS WEEK. Still have proof of my receipts that I plan on e -mailing their regional manager Jose Camarena.  Shame on me for not reading their reviews before going to this location. Sad to read so many people are dissatisfied as well with this location.