Initially coming into this Filiberto's for lunch, I thought I had accidentally stumbled into a Halloween themed haunted house.  I check my phone for the date and see that it is too early for Halloween.  Interesting.  Someone tried to pass this place off as a restaurant.  Wow, you got me going, good job.  Scared the shit out of me!

Let us hit the brakes and back up a bit.  The parking lot here has had zero maintenance performed on it.  I think this building used to be an old Carl's Jr. or Jack in the crack that was poorly renovated and has a really piss poor paint job on the exterior.  Potholes in the parking lot made me think my truck had a flex capacitor in it and brought me back in to time to when I was in Philadelphia, dealing with the world's shittiest roads.  Nope, still in Arizona.  I assume there is a lobbyist in the vehicle alignment business working hand and hand with this establishment.

If you can get through this minefield of the parking lot, might as well go for broke and come into the restaurant.  There is an entertainment factor due to the signs all over the place yelling at you to not fill up your cup with soda if you have not paid for it.  Classy.

I don't expect fillet mignon from Filiberto's but I also don't expect to have the cook stare at me the entire time I am waiting for my food.  That guy looks really pissed off.

Been here several times and wanted to enjoy the chip and salsa bar with almost zero chances to seize the opportunity.  The chips that are left are broken if there is any in there at all.  Ask them to put more in, the cook will just stare at you.  No chip refill.  There is a plastic fork laying in one of the salsa containers.

The air conditioning control unit is hanging about a food off of the ceiling only suspended by the failing duct tape trying so hard to defy gravity, like Sylvester Stallone trying to save the girl in the Movie "Cliffhanger."  The walls here looked like there was wallpaper ripped off and never replaced.  A few of the seats have no padding on them,  but plenty of graffitti to read to help pass the time.  My particular booth on one visit read "Fukkin Crakar" written on it.  Maybe I should bring my Mom here for lunch.  I can teach her all there is to know about racial slang.

The bathroom is constantly trashed with no soap and am amazing amount of piss all over the floor.  No worries, there is yet more gang graffitti written in languages I can't read all over the stalls which I assume is not a positive message (like "have a great day, champ!")  There is no sign to indicate the men's room from the women's room either, the first time I was in there the men's room sign was sitting in the urinal.  Think they replaced it? 

Bagging on Filiberto's is easy and I know that, but this particular location seems to really go out of their way to have a beat to shit restaurant.  It is more depressing than the condition of a landscaping pick up truck I once owned.  

If it wasn't for the Tuesday 99 cent menu... well...I really don't know how to finish this sentence.