Beef that tastes fishy & other awful experiences...

The arguments that I have seen for this restaurant on other sites as to whether or not it's authentic Mexico City food is not even going to be brought up here; there are plenty of other things wrong with this restaurant and the food that simply go against common decent meals.

First of all, it should be noted that unlike most restaurants, especially Mexican restaurants, chips and salsa and non-alcoholic beverages come with 1 refill only; after that, you have to pay for extra.  The bowl of chips is small - my fellow diner and I went through it quickly waiting for our appetizer.  Then, after the bowl was empty, we were never - never even throughout the entire meal - offered our 'refill' for chips.  I understand a restaurant may not want to be wasteful, but this is just cheap and tacky.

Second of all, all of the menu items are about $2.00 overpriced, compared to other Mexican or TexMex places I have been to.  $10.99 goes about as far as 2 tiny - empty - "cheese" enchiladas (about 4 inches long, w/little inside but cheese suffocating the outside), and two tacos with some meat blobbed on and nothing else.  In Mexico, this should run me about $4.00, and in other AZ Mexican restaurants, about $8.99.

Third, the food was just plain awful.  Nevermind the appetizer of the skillet of cheese - think cheese pizza without the pizza, with extra oil and a nauseating stomachache to follow.  We couldn't even eat half of it.  And there's no dipping - although hot, it's harder cheese that has to be cut with a knife.  

Then onto the aforementioned enchiladas and tacos.  The shredded beef tasted like fish.  Makes me wonder what's going on in their kitchen.  I lifted up the taco and water poured - not dripped, poured - out of the shell, explaining why the shell was then soggy and vile.  Think wet cardboard.  I ate half of the first taco and couldn't stomach it any longer.  The enchiladas exemplify the cook's answer to everything - drench and hide the food in cheese and sauce.  Nothing was inside, except a tad of what seeped in from the outside.  I didn't touch the beans - they too looked like they were soaking in a bowl of water, but I tried the rice: no texture - almost mush, very bland.  This should be one of the basics.

And buyer beware: the "Suiza" sauce - which at first glance on the menu one might assume that the sauce is a special house sauce that adds that great vibrant kick to food - is actually just sour cream.  Whether they were trying to just sound unique or what on the menu, I don't know, but as someone who doesn't like sour cream, this is only a nuisance.  

The service...I suppose E for Effort.  Neither of us ate hardly any of the "food" (and we aren't the 'send-it-back' type people), and the waitress was completely oblivious.  When she asked if we liked it, I gave a look like - no - and my boyfriend said it was 'okay'; and we clearly didn't want any boxes - you'd think something might have been done at that time - since she did *ask*...but no.  We were sent on our way and told to "come back soon!"  Nice, but dense.

Overall, Mexican or not, this can't be a good representation of Mexico.  If a Mexican restaurant can't get tacos right, they shouldn't be in business.  I would never waste another dime there, and would discourage friends as well.  Bad food, overpriced, with severely lacking service...that's probably why the place was nearly empty when we were there on what should have been a busier Wednesday night.