Ok I'm posting it here because it happened to be the closest one (and the one I just ate at) and I'm sick and tired of all this Roberto's is the sh*t sh*t!!! As you can see I'm not a fan at all. 
First off let's talk about what they do right: the staff at every location I've been to is very friendly and professional. They are courteous and quick and I've always had them get my order right. The locations are invariably clean as well. Kudos for that. 
The problem for me is the food. I am a damn good cook - I make damn good food - and I'm from Texas. All of my grandparents were from Mexico and since I've been eating this food all my life I feel like I'm pretty well qualified to comment on this. Mexican food done right is the best food in the world. Done wrong - well if you haven't seen the episode of South Park where the dead celebrities are haunting Ike (Kyle's little brother) and Billy Mays's undead spirit is hawking Chipotle-Away because it can get the blood stains shooting from your ass at high velocity out of your underwear from the burrito you ate earlier - well let's just hope you don't ever experience the Mexican Screaming Shits. It's not pretty. It's actually pretty damn ugly. And it smells bad. Nuff said.
The food here is mediocre at best and I have found it's rarely at its best. I've tried a number of different items and each one is always greasy and covered in cheese. Now anyone who knows me knows my opinion on toppings, condiments and fillers. When they are the star of the meal, it's a sign of mediocre (at best) food. So why is everything on this menu loaded with it? Hmm...not a good omen but we'll see.
I ordered a breakfast burrito here (sans cheese) and was less than impressed. Granted the sausage was ok - not great, not horrible, just kinda...meh. The burrito was hot and made to order, which is good. However, it was wrapped in a tortilla that felt like it had been slathered with lard and heated. How do you serve a greasy tortilla? REALLY??
Now I've eaten at Roberto's several times since I moved here - my friends have always said it's great drunk food and the first few times I went I was a bit drunk so I guess I must not have noticed. The last bunch of times I've gone though I've been sober and every time I just like it less and less. I just cannot ignore that the only thing I usually taste is the cheese (which is not good at all since I'm lactose intolerant) and I'm just really not a big fan of things tasting cheesy. I had the burrito without it and - guess what - it was mediocre. It wasn't bad, it wasn't good, it was just...meh. Nothing about it shone. I couldn't even taste the pico de gallo which it was supposed to have. Hell I can buy a better burrito at Carl's Jr!
Thank you - but no. I don't think I'll be going back to Roberto's anymore unless I'm just desperate and can't find a Del Taco. It's really a shame, too. Oh Roberto's you had so much promise. Too bad you couldn't deliver.