I was waiting to try this new spot so I finally did.

As you can tell, I'm not a fan.

I'm not a hater nor a guy who has a bad experience and opens an account just to trash a place. So this is my opinion based on my visit:

Service: Pretty bad. It was like a bizarre play with two waiters who didn't know what the other was doing. Things like one bringing more salsa and the other asking if we wanted more salsa. Or one took off to the kitchen after taking the order and the other showing up asking if we were ready to order. Awkward. 

Decor: This is probable the only highlight of the place. Nice decor, different flare, pretty interesting artwork on the walls.

Ambiance: The music was super loud, the light was extremely soft (flashlight recommended) and the music playing was hideous. But come on, everything starts with the name. Joyride? Really? AYFKM? What has that to do with a mexican restaurant? The wheels on the wall might give the feeling of a joyride to nowhere.

Food: The only dish that barely approved was the beet salad (not that mexican, though). The cochinita taco uneventful (plus it's a huge pet peeve for me that restaurants use names to call dishes that have nothing to do with the real thing). Carne asada taco, meh, plus the tortilla was breaking and everything was falling apart. The street corn was a tragedy packed with butter. I tried the strawberry fresh water wich was actually pretty good although super sweet (maybe ordering one and water it down would be the right way to go). The almond horchata, same thing with the cochinita. They label something with a name that is so far away from the real thing that it doesn't make sense at all. The rice was also gooey and hard (not well done and it seems that they were stirring it while cooking)

Price: OMFG, are you kidding me now? 3.50 for a taco? And that's the less expensive one. Everything is super expensive specially for what you get.

Sorry to the team who brought this concept but there's a lot of work to do if they want to be there for the long run.