For you Yelper's looking for reviews-- sort by DATE. You'll notice all the negative reviews for the most part are recent, this place is not what it once was!

This place is under new management. I'm not sure when it happened (probably within 2 months or so) but this place USED to be a staple that I would go with the wife at least once a month. In our little area, it was our favorite Mexican place. Always very fresh and fast and incredibly low prices.

Since it's been bought out we've gone twice but refuse to go again. I'm not sure the circumstances, but the (owner) is this nice enough Indian guy but what he's done with the restaurant is bizarre. They now serve Indian food (which they were COMPLETELY out of Sunday when I asked to try) the quality has gone down massively, night and day and when I went today (final straw) he was the only one working the kitchen; there were two other tables waiting for their food when I ordered and it took about 45 minutes for my food to come.

I got a shredded chicken burrito with cheese & potatoes. The chicken had a nice helping of bones/cartilage and was insanely dry, the potatoes still had skin on them making it very gritty and everything just tasted old. (not even sure if it was safe to eat) He also forgot my cheese. Considering a Filibertos is literally right next to it, this guy is done. When your a restaurant and your food is much worse than a fast food joint, you're doing it wrong.

It almost seemed like the store was just bought out by someone who really has no place/interest in running a Mexican restaurant and is trying to integrate Indian food or even switch it to an Indian restaurant in a very bizarre fashion. Beyond slow, WAY worse quality and massively under staffed. I really wish I knew the circumstances of why it was bought out. Possibly the previous owner's were ready to sell and this Indian guy saw an opportunity but really has NO place running a Mexican restaurant; shame.

Edit: Whelp, looks liked they closed. Complete shame but good riddance. They were taken over and ruined the restaurant.