To say this was the worst Mexican meal I have ever eaten would be far too kind!  It qualifies as one of the two or three worst meals I have ever eaten in my life!

Jen and I were in Matthews running a few errands, and decided to have lunch there.  I knew from the moment the waitress arrived with the salsa and chips that his was not going to be fun.  I just didn't imagine that it would be so horrible.

The salsa was like a bad tomato puree with a jalapeno, a bit of onion, and a few spices tossed in and blended to death.  It tasted equally mediocre as it looked.

Jen ordered the Camarones a la parilla ($13.69).  The waitress immediately asked, "Do you like real spicy food?".  I can't imagine why!  It had a bit of flavor, but would not qualify as spicy anywhere in this part of the known universe.  The guacamole had to be the worst guacomole that ever came out of a can!  By the way, this was the better of the two items we ordered, and Jen actually seemed to like it.

I couldn't decide between the Carne a la parilla ($14.69) and the Fajitas de Camarón, Pollo o Carne Asada (Daily $), so I asked the waitress for her suggestion.  She said, "The fajitas are great, and you can still have the beef."  Okay, fajitas it is.  If that was the better choice, this place needs to be burned to the ground tomorrow!

The menu describes the dish as, "Shrimp, chicken or steak fajitas with onion, mushroom, zucchini, tomato, poblano peppers & tortillas".  If you like your beef completely flavorless and chewy, you will love this.  I did see a single piece of mushroom on the plate.  The zucchini was cooked to absolute mush.  There were no poblano peppers on my plate.  There might have been some pieces of green bell pepper in there.  This was bland, chewy, garbage!

It's rare that I don't clean my plate, even with a bad meal.  I had to stop eating after the second bite!  I actually had to leave the place to keep from embarassing myself!

The check for this disaster was $36.00+  Do yourself a favor.  Walk over to Beantown or Thai Taste, have a good lunch, tip the server well, and still save a few dollars!!!