As a long time patron of Richardson's I am always taking new people in and encouraging others to come downtown and try it!  This occasion, February 28, 2014, one of my good friends and I stopped in for a much anticipated lunch together.  This is the first time I have ever considered never returning.

The restaurant was not busy  There was only 12 people in the inside dining area between 11 am and 12:30. We arrived at 11am and chose to sit at the bar inside. The young woman at the bar greeted me and served me a glass of wine and then proceeded to continue her "set up the bar" duties.

 When my friend arrived we waited several minutes and then I had to call to the server to ask someone to take my friend's drink order. 5 + minutes later our server/bartender still had not brought the requested beer although the server/bartender was right there on the other side of the bar in full view. 3 feet away from us. Remember the restaurant was not busy.

We ordeedr the bacon-wrapped shrimp appetizer to share and it arrived in a reasonable amount of time and was amazing, as usual.  Unfortunately we could not seem to get ANY service for a glass of water or a second glass of wine.  Again I had to ask the server to please ask the bartender, or whomever was supposed to be working behind the bar, to please see if someone was available to serve us. At this point we still had not been able to order lunch.

The Bartender/ young woman who initially served us come up to take the drink order and I asked if the three salads on the chalk board were good.  She assured me they were excellent.  I am used to the house salad, which is excellent, and we assumed we could count on something of that quality. 

We ordered the beef tenderloin salad split and another glass of wine and a beer. 12-15 minutes later we still did not have our drinks. There was NO ONE new inside the dining room and one party out on the patio and several servers so as far as we could see there was no reason for the total lack of service.

Another 10-15 minutes and the salad showed up on one plate. 

This salad was a very un-inspired 'Cesar" with limp flavourless beef flopped on top of a mound of rusty romaine lettuce and some basic croutons with some shaved Parmesan Crude and messy presentation and it was certainly not what we envisioned.

The server went to "find" some small plates and the salad was then deposited on the bar for us to split. No serving pieces were provided for us to accomplish this. She also did not offer to assist or to take the salad back to the kitchen to be re-plated. 

Maybe I am being picky here but I can get a terrible salad at any Denny's or Village Inn. Richardson's is known for service and quality. The service was non-existent. The salad was terrible, overpriced and tasted flavourless. The only thing that was good was the wine (which we had to practically beg for) and the shrimp appetizer which is all on the kitchen's skill.

So feeling very un-welcome and very disappointed in the salad, lack of service, and our expectations for a great lunch - we gave up and decided to forgo anything additional. 60 dollars later we were happy to just leave. 

I am terribly disappointed. Richardson's is my go-to restaurant for special occasions, lunch with friends, happy hour - you name it. I can go to Postino's (closer to my house) or Windsor, Zinburger - any number of other options for a great meal. I fully expect Richardson's uniquely prepared high-end food when I come here and for 60 dollars for lunch I would hope to be at least not frustrated and hungry when I leave.