After pursuing my fellow yelpers reviews of Maria Maria my friends and I decided to give it a shot......I figured everything would come out on 1 side of the 50/50 split but my opinion ended up being exactly the same as the overall consensus here!  

Service......Maria Maria was 1 step BELOW the worst service I've had in the last 5 years.  Is it wrong of me to tell you our waitresses name so you can AVOID her?  It was pretty clear she was just there for the paycheck and couldn't give 2 s*its about our experience.  Our water glasses were more empty then full, had to ask for refills on chips, appetizers came out literally at the same time as the meal, WE GOT ID'd (just a mini annoyance...) Allow me to go on.....my friend with a sensitive stomach asked if her enchilada's would be spicy and the waitress told her no......lets just say she could only consume a bite before she was done!  When she told the waitress she actually asked if she could bring out some sour cream.   HELLLOOO??!!  

The food.....was actually pretty good.  Nothing amazing, but better than the local taco bell.  You could probably get the same thing at an On The Border Chain for about $50 less.  EVERYTHING was totally overpriced, including the drinks.....$10 for a margarita?  

Atmosphere....seemed really cool until we realized it was actually about 84 degree's inside.  I am not exaggerating, there was sweat beaded on our bodies!  (ew!)  We asked why it was so warm and our waitress made a face and agreed before she "remembered" they were a green restaurant and hence were conserving energy.  HIGHLY suspicious however when at 7pm the lights dimmed and the A/C came blasting on (aka when energy rates decrease....coincidence? I think not!)  NO offer to move outside under the misters or to a different table, even after I mentioned I was worried the projection tv was going to give me a headache.  VERY sports bar in a otherwise classy place

All in all 4 out of 4 people agreed we would not return to Maria Maria anytime soon.  I would recommend it for a sunday cocktail if you can tolerate the heat, or if you happen to WORK at tempe marketplace I would suggest the chicken chopped salad.  (Which wasn't chopped btw, but was delicious......for $14 bucks)   TO-GO!