This was one of the worst restaurants I have ever eaten at....

The service was left wanting to say the least, the staff were rude, inattentive, and seemed far more interested in talking to each other, texting on their phones or just doing their best to avoid customers... their were slow to take our drinks order, I looked at the time it took about 15 minutes... our food order took far longer.... then when our food come out it came out in four trips.... (there were four of us at the table, I am glad not more I would hate to think how long that would have taken)

The food.... while the menu looked good and the food sound appealing , although a little on the pricey side for what it was... when it came out I don't think it could have got much worse...  I order a chicken dish that was poached... I think that my napkin would have had more flavor in it... I am certain that it was just cooked in plain water and all of the flavor that might have existed in the chicken was left in the poaching water, I know that it wasn't in the chicken that I was severed... my wife ordered a dish she ask is this spicy? she was told not at all.... I would have liked to ask the server what their meaning of not at all is, if only I could have found him and kept him at the table away from his phone long enough to ask... I like spicy food as does my wife, but we could not eat it.... a-la Guy Fieri, Triple D, atomic chicken wings... I think that they put quite an amount of habanero if not bhut jolokia in it... fun thing was though they forgot the salt or anything else that might have resembled flavor.... my sons ordered fried chicken strips.... I think that they were left in the frier just short of becoming shoe leather... if they were trying to bring visions of the Sonoran Desert they did with the chicken strips!

From reading Yelp these guy are just all over the place... sometimes good... sometimes you get them like us.... I would like to hope that it was nothing we did to upset them.... if it was us I am sorry that we upset you that much!

The only good thing was they were able to serve the beer cold... it was the only the got right all night...

Oh when we went to complain... well good luck finding a server... paid... left... disappointed