MOLDY BREAD!!  Its unfortunate that I'm having to write this review when I truly love their food - its delicious.  However being served a sandwich on moldy bread is completely unacceptable.

I ordered the pulled pork sandwich yesterday.  After eating 1/2 of it, I went to pick up the other half and noticed something green on the bottom of the bun.  After smelling it sure enough it was mold.  To me that just shows complete negligence by the kitchen staff.  Immediately after showing it to our waitress the manager came over and apologized and took the sandwich away.  They offered me something else off the menu but at that point me and everyone else at our table were a bit taken back in disgust and feared that if the bread was moldy, what else were they neglecting back there??  After about 10 more minutes of sitting at the table we said we were done and they brought us a check for $60 (talk about insult to injury), which did not include the sandwich.  I'm not about trying to get free stuff but after our entire table was disgusted by what happened losing our appetites, I would think a proper manager should take action, comp the meal and apologize profusely for what happened.  Not the case here.  There was no attempt to do anything further for us or make sure we were okay, so we paid the bill and left without anyone saying anything further.  

I initiated a call to the manager 20 minutes after leaving the restaurant.  I felt that it would be more respectful to call the manager in private to express my disappointment rather than make a huge scene and scare off the people who were eating at the time I was.  Not only was I upset about the moldy sandwich and losing my appetite, but also disappointed with the lack of care from their manager and their staff when we left.  Its one thing to have eaten half of the moldy sandwich without knowing, but its an entirely different thing for them to make no additional effort with you whatsoever to resolve the situation until I called them out on it.  I was literally sickened by the entire experience and hope my body is strong enough to fight off any mold issues without calling an abatement company.. by the way, the waitress was very nice and we left her a generous tip.  Food for thought, check out both sides of your sandwich, both the top and the bottom!!!!