So bummed...Casa De Mina was my favorite Mexican food restaurant in the valley but after 3 consecutive poor outings I have to cut this place loose. Tonight was the icing on the cake for me, after waiting 30 minutes for a table (no big deal it was after all a Friday night) we are sat by the door to the patio, not great but still I'm ok with it because of my fondness for this place. Our server was prompt and courteous, the guacamole appetizer was tasty, not the best but over all worth the price. We order and wait 57 minutes for our food, my wife ordered the Chili Verde and I ordered the ribeye steak MEDIUM rare. After the long wait my steak arrives burnt to a crisp and missing the side dish it comes with (pappitas) I sent the steak back for a redo,10 to 15 minutes later I get my new steak. Its about a quarter of an inch thick, If that, and I knew right away that there was no way it was cooked medium. Sure enough... well done. They did include my forgotten side but it was ice cold as it had obviously been sitting out where it was originally forgotten. I sent the whole dish back and let our server know that after waiting over an hour for dinner I'm leaving without a meal. Very unhappy, our server was apologetic and stated that due to the language barrier with the cooks they didn't understand how to cook a steak medium......excuse me? Language barrier aside any chef worth their salt knows to cook a steak medium unless specifically stated otherwise, and this was a ribeye not carne asada,you don't cook a ribeye well done!!!(unless that's your thing). Again not her fault but I was shocked, we recieved our bill and she did not charge us for my dish, correct, I didn't eat it!!! That is the least that could of been done but that was it no comps no coupons not even a visit from the manager. Now don't get me wrong I'm not looking for a handout but 54 dollars spent and I didn't get to have a meal is unacceptable. No manager on duty is what our server stated when I told her my displeasure with how I was handled, the fact that a manager never came by to try to keep a customer was poor form. No manager on duty on a Friday night???? Just baffling. Again I am so disappointed because their food is normally very good but letting your cooks destroy your business because they can't understand what's written on the ticket and not having a supervisor there to ensure that this doesn't happen is beyond not ok. Sorry Casa but you lost me, my familly and anyone I come in contact with. I wish you well.