I think this place is confused.
I am not sure what the theme is here, it reminds me of a taco shop in San Diego, but I am not sure if they think they are a sports bar a fast food place or a restaurant. So lets go into that a little bit further. 

So sports bar...the place has about 9 or 10 TVs...9 or 10 TVs that all should have been bigger in my opinion. They are all about I want to say about 40 inch TV's they should have gone a bit bigger, unless your sitting right below one, you really can't see what's on it with any discernment. And if you are sitting below one you have to look almost straight up, which makes for an uncomfortable experience. They were playing the NFL network, about the only reason this place even gets one star...but you couldn't even read the ticker on the bottom of the screen from across the isle...so in my opinion they went to small with the TV's. 

The beer menu...they don't have one!!!??? The counter girl couldn't tell me what they had off hand really but did know it was happy hour and rattled off some 3 odd tap beers. PBR, Coors, and some other garbage swill...not impressed.  I wandered over to the bar area, they have a full bar, but might have gone a bit overkill with it, maybe they think their a nightclub?! I ended up ordering a Corona...12 Oz Corona $4.25 outrageous price. Happy hour at Sushi Brokers 22oz Corona $6. Better deal and its a sushi place, so literally $4.25 considering they are paying about .80 cents a piece for them is outrageous. Overpriced beer, plus the Corona tasted a bit stale, it was cold, but it seemed like it was maybe heated and then cooled one too many times. No good. 

Fast food place or restaurant...you decide!!?? 

The seating is general seating, you walk in and walk up to the counter like its a fast food place, the menu is above your check out girl, pretty easy to read, lots of suggestions. I ordered the Chicken Fajita Burrito. THIS COMES WITH NOTHING. Chips and salsa are additional. So Chips Salsa and the beer with burrito...$14.25...where am I? Tee Pee's, Manuel's, Macayo's...with these prices I feel I should be sitting at a table and should have a waiter, not seating myself. 

On a separate note, I never actually was given a receipt ever...showing me prices...HUGE RED FLAG...I only got a food ticket to show what I ordered.

So they give you a buzzer chip like the ones you get at a Cheese Cake factory and tell you when your food is ready to go to the counter and get it. OK...so about 10 minutes go by and mine goes off. Not to bad a return time, but granted it was slow considering I was the only one in the building, besides staff and this was 5pm on Friday by the way. So I walk up to grab it and get a look in the kitchen. It's dirty!!!  I mean real dirty, this place was dead but the grill looked like it had been cooked on for a party of 500, it definitely hadn't been cleaned in a minute. Not sure if I really want my customers to see that...they are definitely not True Food, even thou their prices reflect that they want to be. 

So I sit down, a bit hesitant already. On the plus side the burrito is a descent size, not as big as Chipolte but bigger then Taco Bell. And it tastes OK, not great not worth $8. Chips and salsa...chips are just OK nothing to write home about, definitely had better...the Salsa...actually was pretty amazing...but they give you a huge basket of chips with one cup of salsa, not enough salsa, to many chips. So I go up to the counter and ask for more salsa. $1.29!! I also ask for some guacamole. $2.49. So almost $4.00 extra for this. My check is now almost $20!!! 

I have to go back up to the kitchen counter to get it, once again this gives me time to look into the kitchen on how dirty it is. Gross. So here is the kicker thou...I get my Guacamole...charged me 3 times as much a Chipolte would or any other place for that matter. Best part, my little cup is only part guacamole, when I get to the bottom of the cup, its filled with shredded lettuce, so your not quite getting a full cup worth of guacamole, their shorting you and adding a filler. It's a rip off. 

So to top off my fast food experience, as its apparent I have to put my own dishes away in a little tub above the trash along with your basket and tray. As I am doing this, some girl comes in off the street goes to the counter and asks the girl for a donation for her dead brother or something in exchange for some candy...and of course she makes a beeline for me being the only customer in the joint, and yes hits me up too. Not my idea of a good dining experience in any circumstance anywhere.

So I would give this place a half star for having the NFL network on...that's about it. But once again no half star system on yelp.

But I would not suggest going here, being in the restaurant and hospitality industry for almost 20 years, I don't expect this place to be open very long unless they make some serious changes. Not worth the experience, there is no novelty. Don't go.