Yay! I'm a fan of the chickenwaffle cone! :) 

 For one, There's no Jorge. This Self proclaimed Mexican Restaurant has no Jorge there! I was really feeling some type of way about this. I really thought I was going to support (under the impression by the name Jorge) that it would be ran by an actual Spanish or Hispanic since it had a Spanish Name, served Mexican specialties like Ceviche. I thought a "Mexican Soul Food Jazz Joint"?! OKKKK :)

But come to my surprise this Mexican Chicken and Waffle Place is owned by the same owners of the US Egg! I was ready to leave for being mislead. Really, this is like mockery because they also have  semi Soul Food like Jalapeno Mac & Cheese, Shrimp & Grits and the obvious Chicken & Waffles. When I found out that the owners weren't Mexican or SOUL, SMH, BUT, None the less, I was there, been wanted to try it despite the SIKE but, still thought why not?!

Although, surprisingly, I didn't hear or definitely didn't feel the VIBE of a real inspired Jazz Joint, which the menus there also come inside Album Covers from different artist from Black Jazz Artist (DUH!) to White 50's Jive (?) groups. That lost me too, this place is weird. The name you think sends one message: Mexican Soul Food but when inside the place it feels like any other old downtown Scottsdale bar catering to the rock crowd.  

Anywaysss, I went in and like everyone else said on their reviews, although it wasn't busy (about 5 employees, 3 customers) there wasn't an instant acknowledge to greet us. We were New Customers who had never visit this establishment before but was eager to try the Mexican Chicken Waffle Combination!

The employees were just chillen, over the counter laid back, the bartenders were a rocker type white boy and a non-social (maybe new?) long hair, skinny female. The bartender guy told me the happy hour specialty drinks were his own recipes. So, we tried the El Diablo & The Moscow Mule. Both taste like too much syrup, kind of strong with weak liquor but, like he said, "Drink it or wear it"(? - I don't know).

We ordered some apps; The Chicken Waffle Cone, The wings and I wanted to try the shrimp & grits but was advised "don't do that" may not like it (sad I was craving some damn shrimp & grits too)  but instead I took the warning and ordered the Jalapeno Mac & Cheese. Why?!

The Chicken Waffle Cone was soooo good. Hard to eat how its served but it was seasoned  just about right. A pinch more of seasoning wouldn't hurt & maybe a little longer browning would of made this chicken waffle cone IT. But one down side to this, that I recommend adjusting is, that if this is a Waffle Cone, you expect some syrup with it, no? Add some syrup on the side along this app, waffles and syrup go hand in hand. The coleslaw bed was good too.

The wings tasted like any other bar food. Kindda disappointing too cos you would think they would be fried wings, no? (I don't know maybe based on expectation from their competition) but man, the mac & cheese?! Why, didn't I stick to my first choice? The Jalepenos Mac & Cheese taste like out the box macaroni with a non brand cheese melted on top, cooked to good temp tho, but it was so bland and taste-less, like no salt or pepper, the very least.

My guest I took with me was really to leave as soon as we got a feel of the atmosphere there but hey, I tried it, I guess.