Lets start at the beginning of the awful service.  After waiting for the spill to be cleaned up from the server dropping soda on the floor, I was able to join my table.  We were a party of 13, which I thought might have something to do with having to wait 15 minutes to get a basic margarita.  I asked the waitress what the wait was for the 3rd time and she explained the bartender was really busy.  Then I got ants in my pants waiting and I went to the bar.  Guess what?  No bartender.  After 4 minutes he showed up to tell me that he could not serve me at the bar AND at the table.  Regardless of whether it was a separate ticket.  That way in case I got cut off at the table I couldn't go to the bar.  Since, I had yet to have anything but water, I was obviously irritated and called the manager over to give the okay.
Now, back to the table I go, the margarita is finally there.  I order my food, the kids food, then the rest of the table orders theirs.
It comes out, tastes good, but not all of it arrives.  So, we go back and forth until it finally does all get there and everyone is starting to eat, time lapse 30 minutes of joviality ensue.  Well, knowing the speed of their service I and the poor quality of their margarita, I order a vodka soda double tall with a slice of orange.  My companions order their drinks and we wait.  Apparently, in vein, as when the libations return with the manager, she passes out only the drinks to my companions and none to me.  The manager stated she couldn't serve me because the table had already ordered a lot of alcohol.  She didn't ask me how much I had ordered, or any specific individual, but brandished a receipt with the orders upon it.  She didn't ask who was driving, we had two cars and neither driver was drinking.  She didn't ask for anyone's ID's prior to serving us, but expressly conveyed her knowledge of alcohol service that she learned in class last week.  
Welp, I was having none of it.  I asked for my check and told her we were done with the non-sense.  The server then had to go back through each item to figure out how to split a check.  My friend actually had to work the POS system to help the manager correctly divide the checks and 20 minutes later we finally hit the door for the last time.  
Moral of the story is: if you want to have good food, drinks, and service, then head to Serrano's and invite the staff to join you somewhere else to experience the pleasure.