Yikes!  I went to Pasqual's with friends for dinner to catch up. The one good thing about this place is the location which is probably why they continue to stay in business. Minus the crappy parking on Monroe Street, the area is filled with local shops, coffee lounges and so fourth. Pasquals is the only "Mexican" restaurant in the area. 

We started off sitting ourselves because there was no one at the hostess stand to seat us. I will give them a pass for this. While the restaurant wasn't terribly busy, they only had 2 serves and 1 bar tender for the entire restaurant so I am understanding in this regard.

The biggest downgrade is the fact that chips and salsa are not complimentary with your meal. This was the first time I have ever gone to a sit down Mexican restaurant and not be served free chips and salsa. So, I bought an app for the table. Think it was about $4. Excuse me for expecting something spectacular but there was nothing special about their chips/salsa. The salsa is basically watery tomato sauce with some chunks of tomatoes and the chips where super thin. Save your $4. 

As for our meals, I was the only person to not send my food back due to taste. Granted it was only 3 of us but when more than one person complains about their food per table, you've got some serious issues. My friend who is a vegetarian stated his veggie taco had meat flavor causing us to believe they cook it on the same grill as the meat. My other friend chorizo tacos apparently tasted like they had cinnamon in it and weren't spicy at all. I order the steak fajita burrito which was 95% filled will onions. I had to dig through my burrito like a tunnel just to get to the steak which I found clumped up at the very end. Rice and beans were very cold. My black beans looked like they had been sitting under a burners roasting for hours.  I didn't send my food back. I was just done with the entire meal. We did voice our complaints with our waitress who was very apologetic and tried to accommodate us as best as she could. For that, I was very appreciative. 

I cannot justify ever dinning at Pasqual's in the future. I really do hope management and the kitchen can get with the program and revamp their entire menu. The prices are ridiculous considering what your actually meal entails. ONE veggie taco being $7?! WHAT?!