Well, if you plan on coming here, expect horrible service.

I had called in to place an order since it was Taco Tuesday.  How can you say no to $2 tacos!  When I placed the order, it seemed like the person in charge of to go orders understood my order, only to find out once I got there that she missed one of them.  When I informed her, Katie or Casey (didn't quite catch the name), she seemed to give a bit of an attitude as if she was not responsible for the mistake.  No apologies about it.  My friends and I had to wait a little bit longer for the one order that wasn't placed.  Okay, that's fine.  We want our food.  Once the last order came out, she had just passed us the order in the bag "here's your order."  No "I'm sorry about that."  No "Is there anything else I can get for you?"  No "Have a nice day."  Real smooth customer service there Texicali.

I'm sorry, but this was the second time that I've had really bad service, and it was only take out!  Note, that it wasn't even busy in the restaurant during lunch time, so I don't understand what was up with the attitude.  The first time I went in for a to go order, there was only a group of five of us and everyone received their bill except me.  Being the good person that I am, I informed the girl (first time was a different girl) that she did not give me my total and she didn't run my card.  She kinda gave me an attitude with it.  Well, excuse me for trying to be good and pay for my order.  

For this place, the food is only alright.  The first time that I came in, the Crispy Chicken tacos were good.  The second time, it was soggy and tasteless.  The food item that I thought was really good?  The free chips and salsa.  Both times I never had any issues with that.

I work just within a five minute walk of this place and am very disappointed with it.  It was the horrible service that makes me just not want to go back.  My coworker even agreed that it was the most horrible service he's seen in a restaurant.  They definitely lost a Tuesday regular due to that.  Guess I'll just have to pack my lunch or drive out of the Music Factory for food during my work hours now.