Save your money and hit the Wendy's next door. I certainly wish I did.

This place is awful!  I rarely say that but it really was!  Our flight was delayed so we decided to hit up Sammy's for a quick meal.  There wasn't any signs so we seated ourselves.  Immediately we were approached saying that kids cannot sit in the bar area (I felt very far from the bar btw) and we had to sit upstairs.  Upstairs???  A foot away and up a 6 inch step up.  Um I beg to differ on the stairs comment.  But whatever we will go with it.  

We get seated and order a couple drinks.  We weren't super hungry so we shared the Chips with Guacamole and a Burger with fries.

First off, the chips were straight up obvious out of a bag...and cold and stale.  The salsa and guac had to have been from a jar because I couldn't imagine them making anything homemade here. Both totally bland but we ate about half of it.  Definitely a disappointment.  The burger was a "build your own" and we ordered it with carmelized onions $1.50 and jack cheese $1.50.  There was like two strings of onion (for that price?) but the burger was ok overall.  The fries were cold.  The best part was this coleslaw on the side that looked like they got it out of the gutter.  It was yellow-brownish and literally the serving was the size of a tablespoon.  We laughed at how small the serving size was...maybe they didn't want us to get us sick?!!  So gross.

The wine and the "Can't Drive 55" drink both $13+ were a bit overpriced.  Ya think?  I know I know-its airport mark ups.  What do you expect?  I wasn't picky - I was going on a mini vacay!

I think the whole time we were there we only heard one Sammy song.  I definitely will choose somewhere else the next time.  I've never been disappointed with anything I've gotten from the airport until now.  Sammmay!  This place is a hot mess.  A definite need for some tender loving care and some pride in your food.

BTW I have been to his Cabo Wabo on the strip and have always been happy with everything I've ordered there.