In my younger years, I walked out of a many of restaurants, in Madison, and elsewhere.  But I honestly cannot recall walking out of anyplace, anywhere, in the past 20 years.  The change is likely as much a result my better behavior, as it is in less surly service and better food when eating out.

Well, Tex Tubb's, you got me today.  I promise, I didn't make a scene.

It's Sunday and I stopped about 12:30 by to pick up a few tacos to take home for lunch after doing morning weekend work at my office.  When I arrived, there were a total of three other customers in the restaurant.  Two were sitting at the bar, appearing to be finishing breakfast and margaritas.  The third person was a young woman picking up a to-go order.  As soon as I sat down at the bar, the waitress and the to-go order gal got into a very extended "discussion" over a 30 cent discrepancy in the bill.  It took three or four readings of the menu and the same number of reviews of the bill for what appeared to be a possible resolution.   

As that little tiff was winding down with the first payment of the bill, the phone started ringing and the manager materialized from places unknown.  She went behind the bar, and took an extended  telephone order.  As soon as she was done with that, she went back to to-go girl and engaged in yet another extended discussion which resulted in re-running the debit or credit card with a 30 cent credit. 

Meanwhile, the first waitress disappeared.  Customers started coming in.  Another waitress appeared.  But still not even a greeting for me.  Since I am now a mature diner, I told myself to sit tight, they would get my order in and I would be on my way quickly.  After all, for a good 10-15 minutes, I was the only person physically present in the place who wanted to place an order.  

But, no.  Manager finally came over and gave me a menu and I ordered a soda as that seemed doable.  Then manager disappeared never to be seen again.  Many customers were coming in.  Looked like lots were coming from the Trek ride on the Square.  Waitresses 1 & 2 were having a hard time deciding which tables they were going to wait on, but, for sure, they were not going to take my order.  One guy from an early arrival table was literally chasing one of the waitresses to come and take an order as it was easy to see now what was going on.  So, I just got up and left.  Not sure anyone saw me.   I am sure no one cared.

I agree with many of the reviewers that the quality of the food took a nosedive some time ago.  It's never as good as it once was but I would say you get good decent food about 70% if the time.  If you get the right bartender, they will make you a really fine Patron silver margarita on the rocks.  I will tip them 15% on a to-go order just for that.  The fresh salsa bar is a choice amenity.  No chance for a margarita today.  No need for the salsa bar.  One star today.

Maybe the metrics work for you here, Kevin, but you gotta do better than this, at least that's MHO.