Let me first say how excited I was that a taco shop of any variety was opening near my house and place of work.  Staring outside my work window watching them refurbish this location for the past 6 months got me excited for something new.  I have been 4 times and have told myself never again. This last time (9-7-2014), I really mean it. 

Ordering is a weird thing. Since each item has to be placed into the computer, individually the process takes forever. There is no number system when you order. Just one item at a time. This adds up when you have five people in front of you.  They give you a pager after you order. One visit, my pager never went off. The employee walked aimlessly around the restaurant trying to locate the person who ordered it. When she finally found us she asked if we would like for them to make it again because it's cold.  Really?  Why did they ask us knowing its cold?  We said yes,  25 seconds later our food was back.  It was apparent they just zapped it in the microwave.   

Food.  Food is okay.  Each time I ordered, it came out slightly warm to cold. The "crispy" tacos shells as they call it, is the same exact thing as the hard taco shells you buy from the grocery store and heat in oven-no flavor, dry and stale. The soft tortillas are also store bought/Taco Bell tortillas.  So really the price you pay is not worth it.  They have two flavors of rice; Mexican and cilantro lime rice.  Both tasted like they were microwaved.  The have Latin fried potatoes that also tasted like they were microwaved which are dry and crunchy.  I also decided to get a side of green sauce .75( I think) for a shot glass size cup.  The same size you pump ketchup in at other fast food places.  I felt totally ripped off. 

I hope management reads these reviews.  They need to change the tortillas and hard shells at the very least. With better options nearby, I won't be surprised if they are closed within a year.  

Overall, not worth the price and headache for the wait and stale food.  You're better off spending that money at Garcias down the street, tee pees on Indian school and 40th street or a Filiberto's.