I had been looking forward to trying Camus' successor for a couple of months, and finally go the chance to on recent Friday night.
We had a large group of about 12 or 15, five or so of which arrived about 15 minutes early. So we ordered drinks in the bar area which had some seemingly graffiti-type art that seemed totally out of place in this hip, downtown hotel lounge/restaurant. We mentioned in passing to a waitress that we were here to give someone a head's up and she looked physically sick as she sighed, "Oh, you're the large party? Yeah, I have you." Well, that's not the way to start things off, that's for sure.
I totally felt for her - at first. Large groups are very intimidating to serve. Except... the rest of the restaurant was virtually empty. I could go into a laundry list of things she messed up, forgot or simply did not know, but I think J-Man S. already pointed most of them out for us (and that was only our side of the table...)
So, on to the food. I was *starving* so I ordered a bowl of $4 miso soup to hold me over until my burger arrived (had I been less starved, I would have ordered the tofu curry or been more adventurous, but all I could think about was grilled animal flesh). Ok, so it took about 40 minutes to get the apps out - seriously? Anyway, I thought RA had, hands down, the worst miso soup, but this place takes the cake. Yeah, it's only 4 bucks, but I was *so* bummed when it finally came out that it was lukewarm and had the consistency of gravy, was flavorless and had not a single vegetable or piece of tofu in it. REALLY?!
After an extended conversation with the server about the cheeses offered for the burgers, mine still came out cheese-less...sigh. I had to *send it back* even though I knew it would take anywhere from 15 to 45 minutes for the corrected meal to come out (her average time for fixing her many, many screw ups). Once I finally had my plate, I found that the fries were shockingly still hot - and pretty damn good, too. Too bad the "house fries" that were supposed to be a mix of sweet potato and regular were all regular save for two. The burger was also pretty good...but to give a back-handed compliment, burgers are hard to mess up and at that point, the napkins looked delicious.
I did sample Bonnie's tofu curry and thought it was pretty good - the tofu was crispy and the curry sauce seemed flavorful...but I don't trust my opinion at this point because I might have eaten anything. The serving of chicken teriyaki could have fit in a tuna can - sad, sad, sad.
On top of that, after an unsatisfying meal, I trekked to the bathroom. I was surprised to find it was filthy and completely out of paper towels and soap. Iiiickkkk. Now that's just unacceptable for a place that charges $12 for a drink. You couldn't pay me to go back to C4 - if they can't even keep the bathrooms clean, I can't imagine what the bar or kitchen looks like.