If I could put less than one star, I would.  This place is vindictive and not worth spending any money in.  A month ago, I reported an encounter with a manager that complained of my comments about an employee that was rude and angry.  When I challenged his threat, my response was to walk away from a place where free speech was not allowed,  I wrote to the general manager but never got a reasonable response other than he would look into it.  I left there stating clearly that I would not go back there and wrote a negative review on YELP.  
.  
A week ago, I was approached on Facebook by an Assistant GM to come in and discuss my complaint.  We could not make it back from our vacation in time to meet with Jake Kloster but went in tonight hoping to meet with him to discuss my previous complaint.  He wasn't there when we got there and the manager on duty came by and said it was nice to see us back since we left.  He said, I hope we can put this behind us.  We had two drinks at the bar and moved to a table along the bar to accomodate my wife and son.  

While waiting for them to arrive, the same Bar Manager that previously welcomed us, called me outside and accused me of harassing the help.  We were greeted very warmly by the staff, especially the bartender and server that were objects of my alleged  harassment by the bar manager. He repeated comments I made almost verbatim but comepletely out of context, and suddenly, I felt set up.  They must have been watching me on their TV security because every time I got up someone followed me.   Every time I went to ask the bartender if she complained, I was bumped away from the bar by thugs,.  This is a clear case of harassment and when I finally asked the bartender that was allegedly offended, she said she was uncomfortable,  When I asked her what was said that made her feel uncomfortable, she could not be specific and looked shook up when the bouncer appeared to threaten me. She was shaking and had a chalky face and looked ready to cry, so I decided to just finish our drinks and leave. I walked back to my table and was told if I would not come outside with them, they would throw mw out,  This was clearly a set up from the time we walked in and at no time would they talk to the person I was with to verify fact from fiction.  This was clearly a case of harassment to warn me off,  I am not warned but angry that this cabal of liars and criminals tried to set me up.  This was clearly a case of trying to shake me down.  I will never ever go ther again and I warn anyone  from going there.  

I swear that all this is true and the establishment has gone out of there way to target me.  They invited me back just to set me up.  What a Bush League place this place is.  The remark that made the bartender uncomfatble allegedly was when the bar manager pulled down the big screen for the ball game, I mockingly said, I could bring my porn from home and watch it on the big screen. This whole deal was phony and cooked.

There were others in the crowd that made remarks far more suggestive than mine and I vehemently deny anything was ever said that crossed the line.  These are a group of oafish louts that protect for your buddy at any cost, kind of clique.  The place is not somewhere you want to waste good money.  Stay away and go somewhere else where your money is appreciated. Apparently, someone thought my post was funny, so it must be one of the Managers there.  Anyone who feels threatened in a place should recognize the bullies here.  Keep your wives and daughters away from this place.  It is just a matter of time before they are caught, which is probably why they left Scottsdale.