I called over the phone to to set up a pick up order of Chips and Salsa and requested the price over the phone then repeated the amount to the lady on the phone for verification to assure I went down there with enough cash for the food and tip based on what she quoted  me. I don't quite remember what I paid when I picked up the last order but the price she gave me was very close and the amount sounded correct. I went to the bar to pick up my order and the bartender made it very apparent I was an annoyance to him by his body language and the way he approached me rudely asking "Did you need help? I couldn't tell because you seem to be just watching TV?". I was shocked by his response because I was just trying to be patient while he finished what he was doing and was attempting to be courteous. I told him I was there for pick up and gave my name. When he picked the ticket off the food he told me I owed literally twice as much as what I was quoted. After I explained what I was quoted he told me "You must have gotten confused" which in my opinion is pretty hard to do when you are only calling in an order of chips and salsa. I explained that I double verified the price so I would know if I needed to stop at an ATM for extra cash before hand. At this point the bartenders attitude began to change even more for the worst as he attempted to scold me about being more clear when I call over the phone and next time I order just know what the price is no matter what the person says on the phone!!! I then asked to speak with the manager still being able to keep my cool. He then shook his head and laughed quietly as he walked to the back mocking me. The manager backed his employee not even listening or addressing what might have caused the confusion and simply reduced the price and walked away without wanting much interaction with me as it appeared him and the bartender where friends. However I know the GM was not in that day (I have seen him before when we ate there previously) and I'd like to the the situation would have been handled much more professionally if he were there. But after 10 years of personal management experience I can assure others this situation was handled horribly and the owner/GM really need to look at the quality of people they are employing.