Hmmmmmmmm.....

Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.....

Yyyyyyyyyeah.

OK, so Sexx32, sorry, I mean...MEXX32...hey it's not my fault you named your glorified bar/happy hour spot after intercourse. What do you THINK people envision when they read Mexx? Anyway, after being UNDERwhelmed recently at this owner's place two doors down, Delux, (Mexx32 and Delux are owned by the same absentee owner) we took our saddles to Mexxx32 because in passing, the space looks ultra-modern/hip and the food looked pretty decent, from afar.

However, once seated...the cooks in the (open) kitchen were goofing around WAY too much. It's disconcerting as your first impression and visual to see rowdy dudes not paying attention to food preparation in the kitchen. And the waitress was just straight-up r-u-d-e. English is my guest's second language and the middle-aged woman "serving" us had NO patience for my guest or my guest's questions about drinks and the menu.

We ordered an app and the plate had a sizable gash in it. Just what I want to think about when dipping my chip into a sauce: bits of shattered porcelain. Mmmm, torn stomach lining. I asked for a fresh serving in a new dish and the incredulous waitress looked at me puzzled, as if she KNEW there was no way any dish in Mexxx32 could possibly be broken and in-service. She actually reproached us midway between our table and the kitchen, yelling "That's not a chip, that's avocado!" Confused looks by us. Her gaze turns again towards the dish. "Oh"...upon looking closer at the broken dish, "oh it's cracked." And she reluctantly retreats to the kitchen.

This is Service 101 and it appears to be a HUGE issue at Mexxx32: don't treat your customers like a scolded child and at least pretend to have patience when someone is visiting your restaurant for the first time and is not familiar with your menu AND is making a first (and last impression). Also: your cooks should act somewhat professionally when in FULL VIEW of the guests.

I haven't done this in a lllllllong time....but we walked before the rest of the food came out. Screw you, Mexxx32; there are a million restaurants in Metro Phoenix and we'll never return to your poorly-managed space.