Where do I even start with this so-called Mexican place?  The salsa tasted like they were chunky/watery canned tomatoes, simply poured into a dish and served with blue corn tortilla chips.  Then came the less-than impressive server who didnt want to suggest anything to us.  I would've had more help by asking the hot sauce bottle on the table!  It was odd for only 6-7 diners to be here at around 6:30 pm?  It wasnt even like the server had a reason to be so hurried.  Anyway, I ordered the Tamarind Citrus Chicken with a mango salsa and asked for it to be extra, extra spicy  (this was obviously before I became a pescatarian).   My dinner buddies each ordered a chicken quesdilla and a taco plate respectively.

My dish was pretty bland, considering I said 'extra' twice.  When I politely requested for some unbottled hot sauce, the server took my plate and returned it in 2 minutes with SUPER-DUPER-DEATH DEFYING habanero paste smothered on the chicken breasts!!!  I mean it was straight habanero paste, anyone who knows where the habanero chili stands on the scoville scale knows how damn hot it is!  It seared my lips and tore up my esophagus.  Its like the server was punishing me for asking for more spice!  The spiciness didnt actually hit until maybe 3 minutes, after which I was sweating bullets------AK-47 bullets.  It was very inedible, I mean I admit I LOVE spicy, but this was literally death.  I just ate around the breasts because I honestly started feeling light-headed and kinda out of it (no, not from drinks, from the habanero)  My plate was basically untouched, I couldnt even bother letting the server know my disappointment.  I was sad cause I couldnt even fill up on their chips and so-called salsa.  Either way, my poor toungue, lips and throat needed atleast 72 hours to recuperate from this harrowing experience.  As you can see, I didnt enjoy anything at all here.  The best part of the whole dinner was walking out of La Paz.  Ill never look back.

p.s:  this took place back in May '09