So I received a second opportunity from ownership to come give this location another try, and I didn't think it was possible but the service managed to become even worse as well as the food. When we walked in the door there was a line and no hostess. The first family had been waiting before us and by the time someone seated them and then us about 10 minutes had passed. The server we had was less than enthusiastic and didn't greet us or get a drink order in until we had been siting for over (again) 10 minuets and three different people had seen us. For a Friday night it was a ghost town, and so was their Cantina. I brought two other couples with us for a group date night and they would all agree with what I am saying. The chips and salsa were fine but the chips some how managed to have no salt on them and it had all been piled up on the bottom of the bowl, and we constantly had to ask for more salsa they gave a table of six people 4 cups of it and two of those people being from Texas... personally speaking we love our salsa. We also had to ask for our own drink refills which having been a server myself is unacceptable. I got a create my own dinner with 3 kinds of enchiladas. The cheese enchilada was so hard I couldn't even cut it with my knife that was sharp enough to cut through meat easily and the onions were invisible to my tongue. The Chicken Tinga enchilada was so mushy and watery I didn't even know it was chicken until I opened it up to check it. The spinach mushroom enchilada was good on the spinach but lacking int he mushroom department. The sauces on all three of the enchiladas were good though. The black beans were so cold that the cheese they put on top never melted. and the rice was yummy minus the very, very dry corn in it. At least he got the order right the kitchen just didn't do what they are paid to do apparently. When it came time to check out I was shocked at what came out of his mouth next... If we split our check to the three couples he couldn't do the military discount. BUT if we kept it in one check he would. Having been in the business myself I know how much of a pain splitting checks are but seriously?? These men that are with us don't want to have one guy pay for everyone, let alone they deserve to each have the discount just for serving our country. I was completely amazed and offended for them. On top of that I had the email for a buy one get one up to $10 for labor day weekend that the server forgot about. The only decent experience was the manager working this shift. She stepped up and fixed my check then added the discount for the Military onto all of our checks which she said she wasn't suppose to do. I love OTB but needless to say I will not be going to this one again anytime soon since this was suppose to be their second chance for us to try them out per- owners. When I lived in Texas I went 4-6 times a month and this establishment is an embarrassment as to what On the Border's standards are. They need new staff. And their 21 year old rule for the cantina is losing them money still, when they desperately need the business having been almost completely empty on a Friday night.