The absolutely WORST service of any restaurant and this is the second time I have been here where service is bad. I guess I never learn. First time here about 9 months ago and had lunch with my ex husband and kids. It took 15 minutes for the waitress to even greet us and I had to ask TWICE for her the she finally decided to show up. 

Second time, and most definitley the LAST time here was last night. I reluctantly agreed to meet here even though service really bad last time I was there. My date and I sat at the bar and had dreadful service and was basically ignored by some schmuck named Austin. We did manage to get 1 beer in a timely fasion then that was all she wrote. He floated around the bar, ignored us as we tried to get his attention. I finally flagged him down to ask for some chips and salsa. He forgot to get them and 15 minutes later flagged him down again and asked where our food was, and he asked us if we ordered from him. Seriously?? So went in the back and got us chips and salse something that realistically took him 20 minutes to do which should have taken 2. He then apologizes for forgetting about us, and offers us each a free drink. He brings me my beer, and then totally forgets about my date again! So after 10 minutes and no beer, we realize Austin has left the bar and is hanging out in a different part of the restaurant. I then talked to the blonde female bartender and asked her WTH was going on with our flakey bartender who ignored us and forgotten about us not once but twice, and she told us his name and we asked for help, bad service, our last round of drinks supposed to be comped and my date's free beer NEVER arrived. So she gave him his beer and talked to the manager and our whole bill was comped because the dufus actually never opened the tab or charged us. The blonde bartender was VERY nice and attentive, however cannot believe just how clueless and unattentive the previous bartender was. Most of the wait staff and bartenders need some serious training on how to give good service. Appauling service, so so food, and I will not come here again.