If I could rate this place as a zero, I definitely would. My husband and I decided to try Qdoba, as we had never been there before. Stopped in for a quick bite of lunch, I ordered a shredded beef burrito, my husband, a veggie burrito. The girl behind the counter looked confused when I told her I wanted shredded beef on my burrito and that it wasn't a veggie burrito. After understanding that I actually wanted beef, she put three whole pieces of meat. I seemed to have inconvenienced her in asking to put more meat on my burrito. My husband then had to remind her that he'd ordered a veggie burrito, and actually wanted veggies on it. Once we finally made it down the line, we went to pay for the food. The girl rambled what the price was and before we knew it, we had paid almost $23 for two burritos, chips and a small drink. Something definitely did not add up correctly. We looked at the prices we were charged on the receipt and compared to what they had on the menu boards, and realized we were charged significantly more than what the menu stated. My husband went to ask the girl behind the counter what was going on and she said they had changed the prices. She then called the manager over, who again, reiterated that the menu prices had changed, they just hadn't received the updated price signage. There was nothing anywhere in the store stating that any of their prices were changed, we had to hear about it after we were already over charged for our items. At this point in time, the "manager," interrogated us and asked, "didn't you look at the price on the pos system before you paid??" The pos system didn't display what we had ordered nor did it display the price. My husband demanded to be refunded back the difference, and the manager said they were not allowed to give refunds, and they would need to call corporate in order to get one. We were interrogated again and asked if we had already started eating the food, which was said in a very sarcastic way by the manager. She then spent a decent amount of time on the phone with "corporate" asking if she could give a refund, to which "corporate" offered to give us food vouchers for another visit. As we don't live in the area, there was no way we were going to accept that and wanted a refund of the difference. The manager said she didn't know how to use the computer or issue a refund for what we were asking, and ended up refunding the entire meal. She then acted as if she was doing us a favor by allowing us to keep our food items. We probably would have been better off not even touching the food, and going somewhere else. The four pieces of meat that were in my burrito were not very tasty, and overall the food quality was very poor. To top off the experience, the cashier mishandled the customers food behind us. Initially refused to offer her food at the menu price, and treated them worse than she treated us. The best part of this experience was walking out the door, and vowing to never come back.