Rarely am I ever this disappointed with a place...All of it - the food, service, and experience.  Given that it had 3 1/2 stars, that usually tells me a place is worth checking out.  Not this place.  All minuses.  I have to say I agree with Ryan N and the other reviewers' not so positive experiences.

My friend and I wanted to try something out in the Arrowhead area and I am even the one to want to give it a chance.  Family owned is always a pull for me.   

We first started with the Spice Jalapeno Bean Dip.  NOT spicy at all.  All it was was a big bowl of refried beans with a few Jalapeno pieces in it.   Ok, not happy but at least we have the meal still to go so I wasn't going to be bothered too much.  First strike.

The wait for our food was unusually long which is worth it if the food was good and had care put into it.  There was nothing special or dif. that should have made the wait that long.  The place was not busy.  It was only a third full.  Second strike - since the food was not worth the wait.

I ordered the Tacos Morongo.  It specifically says that they use HANDMADE corn tortillas which was the sole reason for me ordering them.  When I got my meal, they were definitely NOT handmade.  Hmmm...ok...so I decided to try it still.  Eh.  Not horrible but for the long wait, definitely not great at all.  Mediocre.  Third strike

My friend got the steak fajitas.  It was more like veggie fajitas.  It was so bombarded with green and red peppers that you couldn't SEE the meat.  We found 5 pieces.  Ok, maybe where they lack in qty, they make up for quality.  Sorry, no go.   Fourth Strike.

What put the icing on the cake (in a horrible way) was the waitress and how she handled things.  The next time she came by our table, I was already done with 1 1/2 tacos.  She asked how it was.  What happened next just about put me over the edge.  She asked how we were doing but was WALKING AWAY to another table as she did.  I am sure she expected the typical "fine".  I asked her why it didn't come with handmade tortillas.  She started babbling reasons.  I then calmly told her how I was very disappointed that it didn't come with them and that it was the sole reason I got them.  All she said was "I'm Sorry" all while still WALKING AWAY!   I don't need the world given to me or even a comped meal but it would have been nice if she actually stopped, cared or tried to make things right like bring me the handmade tortillas.  Fifth, sixth, seventh, and eighth strike.

I'd let Ajo Al's know but their website doesn't give you any way to write them. 
I usually give the benefit of the doubt but with the strikes coming for all sorts of reasons, I just can't.