Mission not accomplished.....
Let me start off by saying that I am not trying to trash this restaurant but I was not impressed by my experience that I had there the at all. I decided to check it out because of what the reviews said on yelp and ended up being a bit of a let down and that kind of makes me wonder if some of the Yelp reviews were done by family, employees or friends. I love to eat out and try to do so as often as I can (or cash flow allows), so me and girlfriend tried 2 apps with 2 main dishes trying to get a feel for the food and enjoy a good dinner. First, when we walk in the place it was very empty and it still took the hostess a bit long to seat us, why? I don't know. Second, we have a seat take a look at the menu and the server greets us (by the way nice server but kind of spacey) he takes are drink orders and recommends a few dishes. After a while we get our drinks but not the bottle of water that I wanted and paid for (it never got there) and the cocktails were imaginative but bland. To spare going into details the food was not bad, but just okay. After all the hype I was expecting more but honestly if I wanted great modern Mexican/Latin food I would definitely go somewhere else like - Mucho Gusto or Barrio Cafe ECT.... I think that what made me realize that I would not come back here is, when I felt the snotty and stuck up feel of this place when I responded to one of the employees about what I thought about my meal. I wasn't rude but said it was just okay but they made me feel like I was wrong for not loving it. The staff is a bit arrogant or at least similar to how this town seems to be and the prices reflect that... I am by no means cheap but $12+ drinks?, portions that don't match the prices(way over priced for what it is) call me what you like but I'll stick to great food and some what reasonable prices somewhere else. If the food were amazing the price wouldn't even be an issue i.e. Mastro's City Hall. Like I said earlier seems kind of odd that some people have given this place 5 stars when it's avrage at best. In a city were there are places that deserve high praise(4-5 stars) this is not one of them. The Mission honestly gets 2.5 to 3 stars for food, 3 for the setting (kinda cool but trying to be too trendy) but lost it when it came to the service, drinks and overall lackluster food, portions/price. I love Matt's other place Zinc Bistro but this just makes me wonder about chefs crossing over to cuisines that they enjoy eating but perhaps don't understand. I might give it another try sometime to see if it improves but I don't think I'll be back... So sad so sad, I guess I'll just have to wait for the next big thing......
Mark-