I've tried this place over the last couple of years. And, having moved within about a minute of the place was hoping that my last couple of visits would be improved upon but... to no avail. 

This place still suffers from lack of real professional food management in several areas. The food still ranks a 3-4 on the 1-10 yummie scale. The drinks are about 3% alcohol and 97% mix.  And of course it always turns me off when you stick to the dried "something" on the vinyl seats or sit down to a dirty table. The staff definitely needs better training in clearing a table.

I tried this place twice since moving down the street in hopes that it could become a new hangout. WRONG. For dinner, the Mai Tai was literally 99% pineapple juice and maybe, MAYBE they sat it next to the rum for a minute but beyond that... not a well made drink. Probably made it a "virgin" for a 9 year old or something.

The fish and chips were miserable. The batter on the fish was not light and  crispy but spongy and burned tasting - as if the oil was last changed for the New Year's party seven months ago. The "chips" were some thin product made of potatoes but were tasteless and limp from the same bad grease.

The waitresses (we had two for some reason so one must have been in training although both seemed just as incompetent) were dressed in some weird combination of bad party wear and beach rejects. Quality places should have some sort of professional dress code to maintain the overall image of the concept, not a fashion free for all - even in casual places.

I'm no snob and have eaten in 5 stars and dives from Hawaii to Maine but... i like to feel like the food was actually prepared by someone who could at least spell food and served with some fun and care. I like the food to be tasty and resemble the type of concept i'm visiting and worth the money i'm spending - no matter how much.

i might give this place one more try but the last three visits have yielded the same mediocre experiences... after all... desperate people do desperate things.