I can't imagine I am even talking about the same restaurant that some of the other reviews describe.  Driving down Scottsdale Road looking for a breakfast spot, we noticed a young lady holding a sign advertising David's, so we went around the block and went in.  Sunday morning, 9:30am.  There were quite a few customers seated.  First impression was...this must be good!  NOT!!!
No one greeted us.  We took the last booth available. (still other tables available)
After at least 10 minutes a young wait person asked if we wanted coffee.  We said yes, and cream please.  Soon heard the next booth being told there was no coffee available...it was brewing.  Coffee arrived maybe 10 minutes later....sans cream.  Asked for cream again.  Nothing arrived.  We took some from an empty table.
Finally the person came to take our order.  Most of the staff looked dirty, and needed to either throw away, or at least wash their shirts.  Disgusting.  Looked like they had been working in the kitchen overnight, they were splattered with food.  Not exactly appetizing.
We saw many more groups of people come in....stand around waiting for direction to a table, or at least be spoken to.  The staff seldom offered help, or even a hello.  I couldn't believe how many customers just turned around and walked out.  
Finally...the food arrives.  My waffle had a blob of frozen butter sitting on top.  The syrup was ice cold.  The 2 eggs (over easy) had been fried to a crisp...the edges were brown and burnt.  The bacon was overdone and cold.
My dining partner had an omelet which he described as 'just okay'.  The potatoes served with it were described as just nasty, greasy.
The table of 4 ladies that sat behind us waited forever...with no water or coffee...but finally got to order some breakfast.  A burrito was delivered to their table with no salsa.  I heard the customer ask for salsa....twice.  Never did arrive.  Another lady was complaining her toast never arrived. Server said he couldn't remember what kind of toast she wanted.  The lady said just bring me SOMETHING please.  Never did see toast arrive.
We could see that many of the other diners were very unhappy with their experience also.
Other tables were complaining because there was never any coffee ready.
Can they only brew ONE pot at at time??  For a restaurant full of breakfast customers??
And they needed more staff.
I made the comment this place needs to be featured on the TV show...Restaurant Impossible.
This is not the way to run a restaurant.  Really.
This is "season" in downtown Scottsdale!! People come here to spend money!! Very disappointing to see a restaurant floundering....that could and should have turned those table probably 3 times in the time we spent there....if it were managed and staffed properly.
When we paid our check and walked out, I noticed we had been sitting in there almost 2 hours. 
No....we will not be going back to David's again.