Very disappointed. Had previously been here three other times 1st time amazing (busy , waited aproximately 10-15 min but great food completely different people and cook... 2nd time around 1/2 of the previous waitresses where gone and took a little longer even though their was only one other table with people waiting in the entire restaurant.. from this point forward its all gone down hill. This time around it was just a disaster. Looks like all new management and waitresses. I asked our waitress and she said most girls left and that she was new.
There where aproximately 5 tables in the entire restaurant including us with people, so not too slow or supper buissy either.
1st thing bad (we where served Really Hard Chips)
2nd they brought my husband an orchata that tasted burnt.
3rd When placing my order I explained to our waitress that i wanted my egg whites cooked but my yolk still runny/ blanditos/ tiernitos (spanish :) ) I literally said it those three ways for her to understand what I wanted and she gave me the look like she didn't really understand but just nodded. At that point I noticed that she wasn't writing anything down. Being a previous waitress one thing I learned is that you write everything down and if you don't understand something you ask. But i figured she might have photographic memory and will remember everything. 
My husband ordered two sides of cheese....

To top it all off, we had to wait aproximately 45min after all that only to get the following 

2 sides of cream instead of chesse....then when i asked is this for us? she said my husband ordered it...when stepping away i asked my husband he said no and when she returned with my order she said oh im sorry it was cheese you wanted right?? Then placing my plate with one semi burnt egg and one egg that had been leaked and over cooked... even a child could have done a better job. I then proceeded to tell her excuse me ! .... (still trying to be polite ) these eggs are a little too cooked for my liking. She then said ...thats how runny eggs are.. I then told her really, then with my finger i poked both eggs and said nothing is comming out from them so you are telling me these are runny? She then said oh i guess one popped and I said Im sorry im not going to eat that... she said well ill see what i can do.
If you are a new waitresses and some one is telling you something is not right you do not argue especially if they are correct.
Food was not good and services was worse.
From now on we will be taking our business elsewhere.