I have just encountered the worst service I have ever received in the entire time I have been a customer at El Pollo Loco and I plan on telling all my associates and family about it.  I am going to post this on your Facebook page and add it to Yelp.

My daughter and I decided to have El Pollo Loco for dinner, one of the few "fast food" places I eat, mainly because it is chicken and I can see it on grill cooking so I know exactly what I'm eating.  I usually order a 2pc dark with pinto beans and a salad. 

When we arrived at the drive through it was 6:37; there was a car backing out, I should have followed her.  At 6:39, I noticed a truck get in behind us, so we were stuck.  I looked at the clock it was 6:39 and the line was at a stand still.  I know that the service is not always quick during the dinner hour, but I didn't imagine that we would not pull out of he drive through until 7:11.

Each car in front of us took at least five (5) minutes to service and we were stuck, because once you are in the drive through line, you can't get "out" of the line.  

When at 7:02, we pulled up to the window; Brandon the window server was very casual and nonchalant.  He took our money and disappeared for six (6) minutes before he came back.  No apology for taking up more than 30 minutes of my time and when I stated to him that we were in line for over 30 minutes, he just laughed and said. "Well, the car in front of you food totaled $78 (or 70 something)."  

Huh? What did that have to with why we all had to wait, while we are stuck in a drive through with no method of escape?

I checked my bag and noticed that I didn't have the pico de gallo that I asked for, that took an additional that took an additional three (3) minutes, hence the time was now 7:11 when we drove off.

Where was the MOD or the shift supervisor?  Why didn't somebody come out and explain that they were experiencing unexpected delays, they ran out of chicken, they were training a new crew? Something would have made the wait more understandable. 

Horrible customer service.  I have lived in Las Vegas for over 15 years and El Pollo Loco became one my favorites instantly and anybody who knows me will tell you that I eat there almost weekly.  

They have now lost a very loyal customer.

Thank you for your time.

Carmelita R. Brown