I don't know if the fact I was sober, or read previous reviews caused my visit to Laurita's to be so disappointing.

I was hungry, craving enchiladas, driving around aimlessly, we checked Yelp and decided to try Laurita's, after reading all of the reviews about their "cheap, amazing food."

Looking at the menu, the "cheap" part of the reviews was instantly disproved. Figuring we were hungry, there already, and willing to try it, we went ahead and ordered. 

My wife's order went through pretty much without a hitch. I tried ordering my food, then asked a question about how much a side of rice was. The cashier's mind went on the fritz and couldn't grasp that I wanted two plates of food and a side of rice. She kept asking questions in a circular conversation. I had to just walk away.

My wife attempted to pay with her card. Their machine asked them to input the last four digits of the card. What did they input? Nearly every combination BUT the last four. I will explain. Let's say this is the card #: 
ABCD EFGHIJ KLMNO

They entered KLMN (three times).
They entered the four digit security code once
They also entered IJKL, JKLM and perhaps even GHIJ.

This should have been a major red flag. If you can't count to four, how can you properly prepare our food?

Our food was brought out, and I attacked it with the fervor of a cheetah on an African savannah, Impala in it's grasp.

Once more, the Disappointment-O-Meter jumped through the roof. When I order cheese enchiladas, I would like cheese enchiladas; not, shredded cheese wrapped in a corn tortilla, drenched in sauce, and with a splash of melted cheese on the top. If I wanted to eat a tortilla filled with cold, shredded cheese, I don't need to pay $2.50 each for that.

The chicken enchilada was a little better, however, after such a weak offering in the cheese enchilada arena, Laurita would need to have served me a mind blowing pair of chicken enchiladas to make up for it. 

Their food was mediocre at best. I can see how drunk people may think it is amazing. Then again, you could feed some Vegas drunks from a dumpster and get the same reaction.

If you want overpriced, bad, undercooked food, with extreme frustration when attempting to order and pay, go to Laurita's.