sad part is Ive been putting off writing this review for awhile b/c I didnt want to think about it. 

BAR: I live really close to this casino maybe 7-10 minutes. the 1st time I came here the bar was kind of hidden behind the Roxy. But we really enjoyed it. Especially the gentleman bartender I want to say his name is Robert or Raul. Well since the renovation we came bk and sat at the bar which opens out to an awesome view of the mystic falls scenery and different colored christmas lights. 

My last visit here was not too long ago, shortly after my bday inwhich my bf gave me a VERY EXPENSIVE NEW PURSE. We'd seen it while shopping almost a year ago and he remembered and went bk to get it. Sweet right? well I put my very new expensive purse in the empty chair nxt to me. . Ladies understand this. . 

the guy kept grabbing my purse and the chair closer to him. so i pulled it back since this made me very VERY nervous. Then he yells at me saying how do you know someone's not sitting there? I said b/c there's nobody sitting there and no food there. so he slides a drink in front of it. after taking a huge sip? wth? really? I ignored him, an hr later and to make a long story short he gets the manager and she sides w/ him and instead of being mad at the fact that he grabbed my purse out of my hands and threw it across the bar - she gets a chair to put my purse nxt to the chair it was already in. 

Luckily the guy and his imaginary friend finished cussing me out and left. I will never go bk. The bartender the male and female were both nice to me but neithe rof them stuck for me to tell the manager that no, there was never anybody sitting there and this guy was being a jerk to a local patron. 

The custoemr that sat there after him was so nice and bought my bf and I a round of drinks, so nice. he was visiting from CA and was great.  Sad how you can have both ends of the spectrum within minutes. I cant blame the bar/cantina for the behaviour of this guy but I can blame them for the handling of the situation. Looking back I should have just left when he started harrassing me but hindsight is 20/20. 
I will never go back to this casino again.