Just moved from TX to Pittsburgh and I'd been craving some good Mexican food. I finished up some light shopping in the area and decided to give Qdoba a shot...big mistake! I'd never eaten at a Qdoba before this incident and most likely never will. I did not know it was cafeteria style food but decided to try them out anyway...hey you never know right? Unfamiliar with their menu I go with the craft two, quesadilla and nachos. The cheese quesadilla was ok but the nachos were luke warm at best! Who sells luke warm queso on nachos? I politely asked the manager if my food could be reheated and I was given was a whole lot of attitude! I was there by myself and the manager did a really good job of embarrassing me and making me feel un-welcome. She was very argumentative, rude, and combative. All I wanted was hot food, I swear. I'm an easy going person and I understand how it is working in guest service but I don't condone or tolerate being rude to others! It's not necessary. But what blows my mind is that SHE IS THE MANAGER!!! Really?  She kept saying I'm sorry I can't heat up your food. I said can I just please have hot queso. So she puts some cheese in a ramican and hands it to me. No, I aplologize let me make it right or anything. Instead she made it seem like it was my fault and how dare I expect to get my money's worth! I sat down and called a friend in NYC describing my experience. I didn't even want to eat anymore. She just humiliated me in front of others! I went up to her letting her know how I felt and she still wouldn't listen. She just kept talking over me and continuing to be rude to me. I had to call corporate. They listened and offered coupons to give them another shot but honestly I'm not ever going back to a Qdoba again because of this location! The Caucasian manager with the chubby face, long kookaid red hair with the nose ring ruined my experience! Thanks a lot! Word of advice customers don't expect to get cold food...they expect for it to be hot and if it's not the customer expects for you to be apologetic and to offer to make it right! No exceptions!!! There's no excuse for bad service ever!!! I wish I could rate it zero stars!! Don't eat here!! You've been warned!!