The day my Mexican-born husband (now ex) said the food at Roberto's (Henderson location) was pretty good, I knew it'd become a staple on my "go-to take-out food" weekly menu. So, a year ago, when I moved to a location equidistant from two locations (Durango and Rainbow), I knew I was a winner!!! That is, until yesterday (Saturday, 14Nov15 at 5:40pm).

The moment I approached the cashier, I knew there was trouble. Just the look on her face was evident that she wasn't having the best of days...but who doesn't have those kind of days, right? She was "decent" with what she said. How she said it needs some work...lots of work. I ordered their "12 rolled tacos" special (w/beef), chile verde burrito (which I had to repeat twice) and a mango agua fresca (which she thought I said 2 and asked me to verify - I wanted one large one). She placed the cup in front of me, which was torn down the side from the top but I don't believe anyone standing where she was would've seen that. I asked for another cup, pointing to the tear and my perception was she grabbed the cup in a much more aggressive way that seemed unnecessary, tossed it and grabbed another, in a similar fashion as the defective one. I paid cash, got my change and receipt and stepped aside. After she rang up the next customer, I asked her for the drink as they need to dispense it (where the soft drinks are self-serve). She barely looked at me and said "ice". My mistake - this was the first time I ordered one of their aqua fresca drinks so I was not aware that I had to put ice in the cup first. I said, "oh, ok" and got my ice. She filled the drink and while I waited for the food, I went to the salsa bar, got sliced cucumbers and waited. I heard her call out for an order that was similar to mine - the burrito was a chile relleno burrito. She scanned the people standing in front of her and we made eye contact but she didn't see who placed this order. So I didn't think anything of it. Another order was called out...she had to call it twice, and the second time, in my opinion, was done in a very condescending tone. But with the attitude that was coming from this girl, I wasn't surprised. That was when I looked at my receipt....there it was - chile relleno burrito. 

Great...now I have to approach this girl again (not just to collect the food). And really, I was ok with the chile relleno burrito. I never had it in a burrito but I was willing to try it. I decided I was going to point out the error and say that it was fine.... I only wish I could have. 

I waited for her to finish with a customer and I said "excuse me, I wanted the chile verde burrito, but...."  I was given an attitude-filled, overly exaggerated "No"... you said chile relleno". She doesn't remember that I'm the one who placed this order but she remembers that I said chile relleno? I almost fell to the floor. Again, I said "Excuse me? I said chile ver..." And I got the same "no", only this time, it lasted a second or two longer than the first (I kid you not!) I couldn't believe this. I've worked with the public for 24 years and was stunned, no, appalled at the sheer gall this girl had. If she hadn't interrupted me the first time, none of this would have happened. We were literally yelling at each other. There was another man behind the counter next to her who was trying to help and I certainly appreciate his attempt to resolve the issue but little miss attitude was more than I cared for. I said to him that I'll take the food but I'm never going back there. And I know that means nothing to them. One customer, $20, maybe once a week will not hurt them. The only mistake I'm kicking myself for is taking the food. I should have said that I didn't want any of it and I want my money back.

Attention: Roberto's at 8680 W. Warm Springs Rd, my order #1759, was rung up on NO. 643990 Reg 1, "employeeFE" at 17:38 (this is on the bottom of the receipt)....you will want to teach this one girl to leave her attitude at the door before she clocks in for work or you may lose more loyal customers like myself. And if she's confronted by ANY customer, she needs to listen to them before responding. None of this, including this very poor review, would have happened if she just listened to me.

Lesson in life: Anyone who starts any confrontation with an aggressive defense is lying just to save face. The way she handled this is a perfect example.