My entire experience at El Toro Loco was un desastre (that's Spanish for disaster). I love to eat out, so I have been to a lot of places in my life, and I can say with 100% certainty that as of the date that I am writing this review, this is hands down THE WORST restaurant I have ever had the displeasure of going to. My group was fairly large (8 people), so we expected to wait for a table on Taco Tuesday. Well, we got to the door and there was a sign that said "No taco Tuesday special today." Okay, whatever, that's fine. We still wanted tacos. And margaritas. When it was our turn to sit, we were seated in an alcove behind a wall upstairs. It was kind of weird, but nice to have the privacy in a way. As soon as we sat down, we were brought chips and salsa, which seemed great (the salsa was clearly not freshly made by the way...), but then trouble began. 

With a large group, it is easy to get distracted talking to each other, so finally, it became clear that we had been there for 15 or 20 minutes and no one had come by to take our drink order. We snagged a passing server, and he looked startled and said he'd take our orders. Everyone ordered the house margarita in various sizes  except for one person who ordered a corona, and we got some queso for an appetizer. Ten minutes pass...twenty minutes pass...we ask the server about our drinks and he assures us they will be right out. Tick tock, tick tock...thirty minutes pass. Okay, this was getting ridiculous. After 43 minutes (yes, I timed it), drinks were brought to the table in tiny plastic dixie cups. None of them had salt or a lime, and none of them were more than 8 oz., certainly not 'jumbo'. I looked around at everyone sipping their margarita mix (no alcohol?!) and wondered why I had no drink. The server said it was coming right out. I was getting agitated, so I went downstairs to talk to a manager and was told that she was too busy to speak with me. The margarita I ordered came out 23 minutes after the rest of the drinks and the server brought me the queso at the same time. It was cold and congealed. So, after being at the restaurant for nearly an hour and a half, we had not even had our order taken. We tried to order food and another round of drinks, but they never came. I headed down to the bar to order beers and was told by a bartender to "hold on like ten minutes", but was never served. Two girls by the bar told me they were leaving because they hadn't been served at their table or the bar in almost an hour. It was busy, but not busy enough that I couldn't easily walk up to the bar. The bartenders were literally doing nothing. After 2 or so hours, someone else in my party attempted to get a manager to get us our check so we could leave, but we were never allowed to speak to a manager and they never brought us the check. 

El Toro Loco is the most unprofessional business that I have ever patronized and deserves to be shut down for their blatant disrespect for customers.