Aw shit y'all done fucked up and let me in this bitch.   I hope there is some sort of Retweet-type function on Yelp and that every person that reads this RY's (Re-Yelps, hahha I fucking slay me) the fuck out of this review. I've never even patronized this place, so I'm sure true Yelpers are gonna find all sorts of wrong here, but I. don't. give. a. fuck.  

First, I have eaten at Julio's Too, but the one in Tempe on that street by the stadium, BEFORE IT WENT OUT OF BUSINESS.  While I was waiting for whatever the fuck shitty thing I ordered, I ate some of their shitty chips and salsa, and I'm not gonna spray a bunch of unnecessary expletives about it like all the sentences you've already read; it was simply terrible salsa.  I don't remember if my shitty entree was shitty or not, but I'm pretty sure it was shitty.  I never went back, and it was like two blocks from my dorm. 
So tonight, I pull into the Old Town area around 9 or so(I know, what the fuck was I doing in Old Town?!), and drive around a bit seeing if I can snag a street parking spot like I'm usually able to.  I'm no Chris Angel, David Blaine, David Copperfield, (just listed all magicians past and present that I am aware of), but most of the time I pull up right when some drunk ass is pulling out of their spot and I snag it, whilst talking shit to the person right behind me who no doubt then had to park in bumblefuck and then ride one of those pedi-cabs that always have strange motherufuggin drivers that like to talk about their collection of over 50 "My Buddy" and "Kid Sister" dolls each clothed in a time period of French History.  (the Kid Sister that lived in Versailles was kinda smokin).

But I digress.  I parked at Julio's Too at 9:00 p.m. on a Friday night in Old Town Scottsdale.  Yes, there was a sign posted in front of the spot that said: 

"Restricted Parking
Julio's Too
Vehicle Towed at Violator's Expense"

SUCK MY MOTHERFUCKING DICK.  You seriously are that full of yourself that you think your giant parking lot should be strictly reserved for patrons of your shit ass burrito joint, when you know good and well that 999 of 1000 cars that drive by your shit ass burrito joint on Friday night are full of people that are going to one of 15 places around your shit ass burrito joint that are not your shit ass burrito joint??

So you are.  And you towed my truck from your lot.  When I got back there, I understood because your lot was slammed and people were pouring into your shit ass burrito joint.  Wait, no, that doesn't seem right actually.  Now that I think of it, THERE WERE NO MOTHERFUCKING CARS IN THE ENTIRE FUCKING PARKING LOT.  Yet, you still thought it best to call the tow company, which you are clearly having sex with, to come tow my car out of the one occupied space in your entire lot.

So now, instead of enjoying my weekend being broke and staying home reading books on the first weekend of NFL football like a loser, I am going to embarrass myself by borrowing money to get my vehicle out of the impound LIKE A TOTAL FUCKING LOSER.  

Suck a dick Julio's Too.  And if you should arrive to find a brick thrown though your window with a note taped to it that reads: "FUCK YOU, YOU TOWED MY 2004 FORD F150 PICKUP THAT IS BLACK WITH TAN TRIM, AND HAS A SCRATCH ON THE FRONT RIGHT BUMPER FROM WHEN I "ACCIDENTALLY" HIT A BICYCLIST.", I can 99.999999% guarantee you that that note-brick was not tossed by my completely-content-after-writing-this-review hands.