It hurts me to give Pedro's one star, as it was such a staple of my high school and college days, but this last trip was just not good. I hadn't been to Pedro's in years due to a not-so-great experience at the now closed west side location, but I decided to take a gamble the other night on the east side. When we walked in at 7 on a Saturday and the place was almost completely empty we should have taken it as a sign and turned around, but we were both hungry and decided to stick it out.

Disappointment number one: the tortillas were dry and tasteless. I used to crave their fresh-pressed tortillas from the east coast, so it was a total bummer to get sub-par room-temperature tortillas first thing instead of the warm, pillowy ones I used to dream about. 

Disappointment number two: the salsa was really sweet and thick. If you'd have served it to me in a neutral location, I'd have assumed it was spaghetti sauce that was missing some key herbs. It didn't taste fresh. 

Disappointment number three: the rice was so dry that it was almost crispy. The flavor was just overcooked - no spice, no richness, just an overheated taste. 

Disappointment number four: I have ordered a chicken chimichanga from Pedro's several times in the past, and I have always ordered it no sauce - I'm not a fan of pouring sauce all over the top of my crispy tortilla, and there was always plenty of flavor in the filling to make up for it. This time, the server/cook took my request of no sauce to mean none at all. I was served a fried tortilla filled with plain shredded chicken and nothing else. The chicken didn't even have the pepper on it that they mix in for the tacos. The filling had no cheese, no salsa, no tomatoes, no onions, no anything that you usually find at least one of in a chimichanga. So. Weird. I can't be mad, I guess, because I did say no sauce, but I've never had it served to me with literally nothing but a tortilla and chicken before, either.

Upsides: the chicken itself was good, and had a fair amount of flavor for being plain; the tortilla shell was perfectly crispy; you get after-dinner mints with your bill (the kind often served in silver dishes with a spoon by registers that look like little pastel pillows). 

It might be worth stopping in on Tuesdays or Thursdays for their half-price margarita special (I imagine those haven't changed over the years), but I don't think I'll be back for dinner.