If there were NEGATIVE STARS, I would rate this a -5.  This was my first visit to an El Pollo Loco and it will be my last - not because of the food, but the poor customer service provided. The associate who took my order and served me at the window was rude and beyond approach. He was rude and abrasive when I was ordering at the intercom. Being my first visit, I was not familiar with what was included in meals. While I should have walked into the store instead of going drive through (because it was the first time I was there), I was unable to due to having small children alseep in the car with me.  After each item I ordered, he was short and rude. He made me feel like I was wasting his time and I felt rushed.  Then coming up to the window to pay - there was no hello, no how are you, no how is your day going. It was - $7.32.  Then he takes the money and walks away.  Much later, he comes back and asks if I want salsa.  I say - yes.  It was not him, but a woman who later bags my food and asks the same thing, if I want salsa.  I say - yes.  As I say this, I see him standing next to the bag of food and he glares at me and tells the woman (who is bagging my food) - no she didn't she told me she didn't want salsa. Then, they both turn and look at me.  Now, understanding that the staff is a bit younger, a bit inexperienced with customer service and providing a lasting impression - I try to take it with a grain of salt and not say anything.  As I am driving off with the food, my child (who I thought was asleep in the back seat) says to me - mommy, why was that man so rude to you? Did you do something wrong?  My intention was not to get anyone into trouble.  But I could not, in good conscience, leave that type of treatment and not address it - especially when my young child could detect that behavior was rude.  If a child could observe this interaction and understand that it was rude and inappropriate - why/how can this associate not know?  He clearly wanted to make me feel like I was burdening him when I was ordering the food at the intercom and he wanted to continue with the same attitude when I was at the service window.  I understand that ONE ASSOCIATE does not make a business and is not the sole representative of the company.  But I can firmly tell you - that I will NEVER be visiting another El Pollo Loco again.  I will share with my family and friends my displeasure and I assure you - there are many places to go around our neighborhood - we don't need to spend money at an establishment where young punks snap at you when you try to order food.  This was, by far, the WORST experience I have EVER had with customer service.  And the sad part is, the food was not bad - but because of the poor service - I will NEVER return. For medicore food and bad customer service - I paid almost $10 for an individual meal - so sad.