I love Chipotle. From MN, MO, KS, NE, CO, and NV I've had a lot of Chipotle. My waistline says too much of it to be honest. But while I love Chipotle, this location sucks. The parking lot...is super tight to get in and out of. The outside seating area faces Eastern Ave so you can inhale a big burrito with sides of car exhaust and tire particulates floating through the air if that's your thing. Step inside and enjoy the confusing, overly funky layout to stand in line. And once you get ready to order, it all goes wrong. 

In the quest for speed the guy making my burrito was a slob. I knew I was in for a bad Chipotle experience when I looked at the second tortilla press which was buried under a pile of napkins and other crap. If they can't keep their front line clean...it's not a good sign. 

Moving on the guy who was making my food reminded me of the tweakers I used to see in Southern Missouri. This twitchy guy forgot to put meat on my burrito. Then he ended up spilling salsa on the counter and he barely got some on my burrito. Then after telling him "and guacamole too even though it costs extra, please" I get asked again if I want guacamole. And then when Mr. Tweaker guy goes to wrapping up my burrito he makes it explode! See all those states I listed at the start of this review? I've had a lot of great Chipotle employees make a lot of silver foil wrapped mega burritos of indulgence for me. I know my typical order can be made without my burrito exploding onto the floor. Yet all the foil in the world couldn't save my burrito...the pieces of it are likely resting at the Apex landfill as I write this. And now faced with the embarassment of having to scoop my 1st burrito into the trash Mr. Tweaker dude decides to whip up Burrito #2. At this point I'm like **** this, and I just let him do his thing, pay for my stuff and get the heck out of there. But I always get chips and guac and salsa too...and so guess who gets to fill that order? Yep, Mr. Tweaker dude. And he's in so much of a hurry that plastic cups end up crash landing into the salsa...and I'm just thankful to walk out of there with cups containing anything. So after getting to my car I get to try and squeeze out of the parking space, and I finally get the heck out of there. And when I get home and open up Burrito #2? It tastes like.....well this is a relatively family friendly review site so I'll spare the profanity. 

1 Star. Because this location seriously sucks. And by the way the kids meal chicken taco was so bad, my 3 year old spit it out and refused to eat it. 

(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #16)