I've never been all that into skiing. I always considered myself more of a snowboarder. Skiing just always seemed so easy. Anyone can make a pizza slice with their skis and head down a hill. Piece of cake. You see children doing it all the time.

That's the thing about skiing though...it's only really easy at the beginning. Most people can do it, but it takes so much time and energy to get truly great at skiing. There is a night-and-day difference between the people on the bunny hills and the people hitting the double black diamonds.

In this way, making tacos is pretty much exactly like skiing. Anyone (even a child) can make something and call it a taco...but to make a truly great taco...that takes something special. The Taco Shop does not have that something. The Taco Shop hasn't begun to even consider the possibility of taking the ski lift up the mountain. The Taco Shop is stuck on the bunny hills.

I arrived shortly after 9pm with a small group of friends. There was a decent sized group of people there when we arrived, but they had all finished eating. By the looks of things, the kitchen was waiting for our orders to come in. I ordered three tacos at the counter: carne asada (steak), carnitas (pork), and a roasted veggie. When you order three tacos you also receive beans (black or pinto) and rice on the side. 

We waited somewhere between 5-10 minutes for our food to be brought to the table. While we waited we had some time to take in the decor. The place looks nice enough. They were clearly on a budget, but it all came together okay. It appears they're going for a bit of a west coast nautical theme. They have a surfboard mounted on one of the walls and the color scheme is indicative of a Southern California beach shack...but, confusingly, they don't offer any seafood tacos. No shrimp. No fish. Nothing. Weird. Oh well.

Before the food arrived a friend asked if they make their own corn tortillas in house. We were informed they do not...and you could tell. The individual tortillas were extremely thick to begin with, and, inexplicably, they doubled them up.

All three tacos I ordered looking fairly traditional. The carne asada was served with onion, cilantro, and avocado, the carnitas had just cilantro, and the veggie was topped with a bit of cheese. My guess is that this minimalist preparation is designed to really highlight the meat...which is unfortunate because the meat wasn't noteworthy in any way. The carne asada was pretty well cooked but had virtually no seasoning, and the carnitas were the exact opposite.

All of the issues I had with the tacos could have forgiven if there had been some selection of homemade salsas to accompany my tacos, but, alas, there was no salsa bar in sight.

Onto the sides...the beans were fine. Nothing special, but not bad. The rice on the other hand was terrible. It had the consistency of Uncle Ben's minute rice. I would not be surprised if it had been microwaved.

I've really struggled to figure out why it would take more than 2 minutes to dish out tacos when the kitchen isn't making its own tortillas or salsas. You're basically just scooping meat into a shell.

If you're looking for good late night food hit up any one of the food carts dotted throughout Madison. If you're looking to support a local business in the vicinity walk straight out of the Taco Shop and head to Ians Pizza. If you're looking for a mediocre taco you can find Qdoba and Chipotle right on State St.

To make it in Madison you can't be on the bunny hills...you have to master the double black diamonds.