Don't Bother!  

Saw a chef or an owner from the Taco Haus on one of the local Phoenix news channels one morning, and listened to the ohhh's and ahhh's about how much they pushed the freshness of their food and how wonderful it is.

Figured that one night when I wasn't cooking, I'd send my hubby up there to get something after watching the tv show. I should have checked out the reviews on Yelp first, but I thought, how nice... something new close to home!   We used to get take-out from Blue Burrito that used to be in that same location.  Really didn't care much for them either, but it was convenient for what we needed at the time.

Tonight, my husband went to pick up some dinner and while waiting, he thought he'd order 'The Bentley' margarita at the bar.

A tiny 8 oz glass, packed with lots of ice for $15.00!   Don't think so.  Unreal!  You can get a great double marg at other places for much less than that and still be made with a premium tequila!  Strike 1!

So, he's waiting around for our food and the waitress hands him the goods and says that 'everything is in the bags, including our chips and salsa'.

Of course, he takes her word for it, doesn't look in the bags and gets home only to find no chips, just salsa.  OK, so we have some chips in the pantry to heat up with our dinner.  Not worth going back to complain.  Strike 2!

On to the 'Chopped Salad'.  About 1/2 of a cup of warm, wilted greens topped with thawed frozen corn and peas?  Huh??  And, no dressing??  FOR $10.00???  Come On, Folks!  Maybe they think that they can get away with this stuff since it's take out and you won't bother to bring it back since you're already home.  Strike 3!

Now, the pork belly taco's.... One - 3 inch flour tortilla with a 1/4 cup of diced, fried pork for $3.50 each? Another ripoff!  Strike 4! 

Also ordered their 'Bacon-d Beans'... at $5.50 for roughly 12 oz?  Totally dried out like they were made yesterday with the lid left off the pot and undercooked because the beans were hard in the middle.  No flavor at all.  Strike 5!

Cuban sandwich was awful... if you like thick slices of bread, deli meat  from the local grocery store and French's mustard, here you go!  Strike 6!  

Lesson learned - Won't be back.  We really wanted to like this place, too!