Me, my wife and 2 friends are going to the Cardinals vs Charger game so I was not expecting the service to be the best due to the line and proposed wait time at every restaurant in the Westgate complex, BUT the service was soooo bad that it there was a rating lower than 1 star this place would get it. 

So after waiting in line to put our name in to get a table (normal).... the people in front of us get told its an hour wait for a party of 2 (normal)... The person ask how many in our party, I respond 4, and they say 30 minutes (not normal)... How can you sit a larger party 30 minutes before you can sit a smaller party? If I had 6 could we get in sooner because I would have made 2 new friends with the people in front of me.... 

We get a text (which is a nice feature instead of carrying around the vibrating coaster), and go to get our table where we were seated promptly, and it was clean. From this point on it was pretty much a disaster. 

I ordered a Tijuana burger, my wife ordered a casadilla, and our friends ordered some nachos. This normal bar food should be a piece of cake to cook. Not so... After 15 minutes the waitress (who was dressed like a patron with no identification that she actually worked there), comes back to the table and says they are out of chips for the nachos.... WTF... YOU ARE A MEXICAN CANTINA!! HOW DO YOU RUN OUT OF CHIPS?!!! 15 minutes later we see food coming out of the kitchen with chips....We are a little annoyed at this point. We have also waited 30 minutes so far and have only received our drinks..... 

The waitress comes back to check on us and tells us our food will be there soon... 
10 minutes later she comes back to check on us again and says our food will be there soon again. If you are a keeping score we have now waited 40 minutes and have no food. At this point its 20 minutes to kick off and the bar has emptied out. I can understand a wait when you are packed, but now the place is a ghost town. I ask the waitress how much longer, please give me a time... She said ANOTHER 20 Minutes... 

So now it takes an hour to make a burger, nachos, and casadilla? The manager never came out to apologize... Maybe give us a drink coupon to come back after the game, or maybe just comp the 1 round of draft beer we had consumed in the 40 minutes we were waiting to get our food. We paid for our drinks and got food at the stadium. 

Just because you are busy on game day does not mean that you get to give crappy service. I have never heard anyone say.... "I'm surprised that place went out of business, they had such great service"... This will be our last choice on game day or any other time I am at Westgate.