Incredibly disappointed in this place. After a few recommendations, we decided to try it for take out. We wanted a good variety of foods, so we ordered cheese enmoladas, a gordita, a chile relleno combo, a pastor burrito combo, chilaquiles verdes and a pambazo. All of this food for us to share and the best part of it was the salsa, which they happened to charge us for. 

The cheese enmoladas were stuffed with a dry, flavorless shredded chicken. The gordita wasn't too horrible, but was definitely understuffed. The chile relleno seemed as if it was stuffed a few days prior. The cheese had a brownish color and was slimy with a gritty texture when rubbed between the fingers. The pastor burrito was very small, understuffed and was served on a cold tortilla. The tortilla was actually still ice cold on the bottom of the burrito by the time we got home, so the filling must have not been very hot either. 
Chilaquiles verdes were a complete joke. It was seriously a handful of chips, a small spoonful of green salsa and a tiny sprinkling of cheese. It did come with some sort of a pollo asado on top, which is unique and it was flavorful, but it was very old and dry. It is served with just beans and some iceberg lettuce, but for $8, this is no bueno. Something also caused the bottom of the container to melt, so I had to transfer it to another plate, but I still found pieces of styrofoam in my food. The pambazo was flavorful and pretty decent. The filling (chorizo and potatoes) had some sort of a bitterness to it. I think maybe the potatoes or chorizo were burnt, but it was one of the better dishes. The combos were also served with rice and beans. The rice was old and hard. I'm certain that it had been out the entire day. The beans served on all of our dishes were entirely inedible. They had a really funky sour taste, so they were either spoiled or just plain bad. Either way, discarded all of them. The salsa that we were given and charged for was really great! It was a red salsa and tasted like it was homemade. 

We did order 30 minutes prior to closing, so we figured that a lot of the issues were due to the late order, but the food was really unacceptable. If they didn't have quality food to serve or it was ready to be thrown out, just tell us that you're not longer taking orders. It really sucks to pay for something and then have to discard at least a 1/3 of it. After all of this, we would still try El Nopalito again because of people's recommendations, but only if someone else was paying. Not happy.