Dear people that run Isla,
Your customer service skills stink! We had a party of 12 come visit your restaurant. Our waiter was very nice, in the begining. We all ordered drinks, appetizers and were having a fiesta of sorts.  Our food comes and it was fabulous!!!  Top notch! I'm a mexican food conosour so I know a thing or three about the flavors. You hit them on the nose! Congrats!
The problem came when we recieved our check. We politley asked our server to split it for us...his response, "you're in Vegas, no one splits checks." This was NOT our first restaurant to go to in a group and yes, Mijo, other places DO split checks. So we asked to speak to a manager. This man who obviously hates his job came over to our table and tells us again that they will not split the check and that WE have to figure out what each indiviuals total is and then they can run our cards or cash or whatever. Hmmmm....really?!?! Isn't this kinda his job??? So we asked our server is he could at least group our individual purchases together since the reciept was HUGE and not in seat order...he told us that he threw away his notes from when he took the order....REALLY?!?!?!  Well this did not sit well with us at all. Fortunatly, one of the ladies we were with works for MGM which owns TI and she doesn't just work for them, she is an Executive...so she used her super powers to let this the manager who looked like he wanted to shoot himself more than we wanted to that she knew his boss and that she knew the rules and regulations and that yes, they can split our checks and make us happy.  Well whadya know! He skipped his unhappy butt right over got everything figured out in a jiffy.  By the time we got our original check and actually paid, it was an hour, AN HOUR!!!! We missed our show we were supposed to see and we wasted an hour arguing with a guy who could have done the right thing in the first place. I was astonished at the lack of helpfullness and genuine niceness. So, no, even as great as the food was, I will not be going back there to eat or drink or breath!!!  
Thanks for wasting my time-
Kelley!