Far from being a good tasty meal.

Well where do I start do I start? Do I start with the waitress who has an attitude? do I start with the owner that's almost falling over cause he's drunk or the poor quality bad tasting food.


Upon walking into the restaurant most of the tables were covered with dirty dishes drinks and food. No big deal I thought. But when it takes 5 minutes to get a table cleaned off so you can sit down that kind of become the problem.

So we get a table cleaned off like I said. And the waitress has a huge attitude like we're being an inconvenience I guess I thought she was having a bad night. So she asked us what do we want to have to drink and we order our drinks. So she brings out a basket of chips and salsa the chips taste over to expand the salsa taste like store bought. You know how to salsa that's from the store has kind of a metallic process taste. That's what this salsa tasted like. To me that's not a good sign. So about 5 minutes have passed and she takes our order. I got the chimichanga with shredded beef and my fiance also got a chimi Changa with carne asada and she got it wet with red sauce. We also got a plain quesadilla for our daughter.

What about 5-10 minutes has passed we still haven't gotten our drinks. My 5 year old says out very loud Dad where are our drinks I am thirsty at this point I am wondering the same thing. So very tall man who is dressed very nicely is working behind the counter by the bar area and you can tell he is very intoxicated. I asked him if we can get our drinks and we finally get our drinks after I have to get up and he apologizes for spitting and talking and slurring his words.

So we have drinks and we finally get our food. The chimichangas were presented very well and they look fantastic but looks can be deceiving. I cut my chimichanga in half and take a bite of my food. And was very disappointed. The meat tasted like it was cooked in a crock pot with just water and it also tasted like recycled meat, you know meat that is a day or two old. The other thing was I would think my food was come out with beans and rice but it was just a chimichanga. Also the quesadilla was just a quesadilla there was no beans or rice with it. So I had to order beans and rice for everybody cuz we want beans and rice with our food. My fiance who was pregnant took a couple bites and she said let's just go.

I go to pay for our food and it comes out to $71 and I think to myself I didn't order any alcohol or anything. So basically I paid $71 for s***** food s***** service and watching a drunk guy fall on tables what trying to clean them which you never did and all the tables were still dirty when we left. So to all these people saying this is great fantastic Mexican food or authentic Mexican food I say to you you stop lying to yourself and everyone else. A frozen burrito probably would have been better than the food we had. We ended up going to a roach coach and getting some killer street tacos