It pains me to give this establishment 1 star, but I would give this specific place 0 if I could.

I dont know if I went in on a day where the girl making burritos (I have no idea her name bc she had no name tag) was having a horrible day, or if she was just trying to hurry and leave. I went in at 920 after Beatles Love and ordered my normal chicken burrito. There was 1 scoop of brown rice and 3 people, she asked what type of rice and I replied white, she then turned and rolled her eyes sooo hard I thought they were gonna get stuck. I advised her I'm fine with brown and she carried on, the chicken was wayy too charred and she put like a freakin cup full of hot salsa on my chicken. I then asked for cheese, sour cream, and gauc. She had about a sprinkles worth of cheese left, no sour cream and 1 spoon full of gauc, again there was 3 patrons waiting. She then replies, we have no sour cream, its 930 already... OK YOU CLOSE AT 10 AND I SHOW HER IT WAS ONLY 920 AND YOU HAVE NO SOUR CREAM!? She then gives me 1/4 of a scoop of gauc and proceeds to roll my burrito. I was pretty annoyed bc why am I gonna pay for something that doesnt include everything I want. She then asks the patrons behind me if they were alright not having sour cream, they also have the look of disappointment like myself,  At this point the cashier chimes in and says "I can make some real quick"

OK, its at this point my pina colada has kicked in 100% and I say "are you serious? I asked for some and you did not offer me any, yet you offer these folks some?" She rolls her eyes and pays me no mind. Throughout this visit I have been patient and just went with the flow, but no way in hell are you gonna piss on me. I tell the cashier that the ladies attitude needs to be brought up to the manager and she turns and says "I did not give you an attitude (with an attitude btw)" and Im shocked! She says this in front of other patrons and workers! I told the cashier my comment quietly, but she went and put me on blast!

I dont know if this woman didnt like me bc Im brown or whatever but she was a total B word! I paid for my shitty burrito, which I wanted to turn around and throw at her face and walked out the door. Im legit disgusted with the workers there! 

Also, if you ever e-mail corporate over any discrepancies good luck, all they send you is an "I'm sorry to hear about your experience" letter. Pathetic!