I typically like to take my grill and cook for myself when I go to University of Phoenix Stadium for a Cardinal game.  In retrospect, I wish I had this time around. But, since I had a car full of family, I chose to make it easy on myself and find a place to eat at Westgate....so we wandered into Calico Jack's Cantina. Thank Goodness the Cardinals won, because this experience would've ruined my gameday otherwise. 
We were seated right away, and a waiter came over to take drink orders, which we got in good time. So far, so good. We were offered chips and salsa. But then the waiter tells us that they are putting all the food orders in at 11am, when the kitchen opens, in staggered order so it doesn't overwhelm the kitchen. Tells us it could be 35-40 minutes. No problem. There was a sign on the wall about a grand reopening just two days earlier....that should've been an indication they haven't ironed out the kinks just yet. Food was coming very slowly out of the kitchen. There were other football fans, Eagles fans, behind us screaming profanity at the TV in earshot of my kids. Best of all, the GM-- a younger looking guy in a hat, was plainly drinking beer from a can BEHIND the bar.  Is that even legal??  Waiter comes out at 11:35 and says it's still going to be another 25 minutes...OK..still good, and I asked to pay ahead so when our food comes we can eat & bolt for the stadium.  12:10 comes and no food-- and we're not alone, I talked to a guy in the bathroom who waited an hour with no food.  So when I ask the waiter says our order hasn't even been started and it'll be another 30  minutes and I ask to have my charge refunded. The waiter does this and offers a free round of beers for the inconvenience.  We asked if they'd just take that round of beers off our bar tab...DENIED! 
I won't be giving this place another chance, and I wouldn't recommend it for anyone else either.  But I will offer some advice to the GM....1. don't drink on the job---very unprofessional!    2.  If you have a dining room full of hungry folks drinking and watching football at 10am,  why wait until 11 to open your kitchen??  You're asking for an overwhelmed line every Sunday.  Open the kitchen at 10 and give your kitchen a fighting chance.