Taco Haus service is terrible. While waiting to give our initial orders we had the same person come to our table twice with somebody else's food. we witnessed her actually drop off an appetizer  to the wrong  table, it was a group of people they each were  wondering who ordered it.

We were about to leave when we were finally asked  what we wanted. We LOVE brat haus so we figured it will be worth the wait.  
We ordered a cheese and chorizo dip with chips, we also asked  for a side of salsa

The rest of the order is 5 carne asada tacos, one fish taco,  one pork belly taco  and (I think) one chicken.
 
We also order two beers and a mixed drink I can't identify from  memory right now 

we are brought soup which nobody ordered. we told the lady this was not ours, then we are brought empenadas which we also didn't order we tell her this is not ours either. she takes it.. as if  its our fault we didn't order them. 

Then some of our drinks come. We get one of our beers and the mixed drink. The  second beer the guy says "oh we don't have that, I'm sorry I forgot we were out' 


Finally our tacos come with the substitute beer, and then our appetizer comes out slightly after.  Fine we ordered them at the same time no big deal..you'd think right?

The appetizer was supposed to be melted cheese and chorizo. Its stone cold to the point its hard. No chips would pierce this wall cheese. 

I'm feeling lucky for some reason so I ordered a second beer as the food was dropped off.

The  tacos were tasty,  They were good. there is no denying that. Smaller portions than I'd have liked but that's understandable for the price. 

The waiter comes back for that 'how's every thing tasting' check places do, usually it occurs right as you take the first bite of food.. no we had actually finished our tacos  and there were bits chip  sticking out of the concrete cheese.  I told him that was cold and bad  and I'd like the check. 

He comes back. gives us the check and  tries to give us three  free margaritas.  We decline pay and when he brings our card back.. the elusive second beer  shows up.  I assume the beer was locked in a deathmatch with the side of salsa  and only one could emerge to victorious.

Our original plan was to drink quite a few drinks, go see a movie and  then catch a ride home. We spent literally two and a half hours  and paid over $50 to end up buying more drinks at the nearby safeway.. and stopping at jack in the box for snacks and going home. 

This all could have been avoided if the staff knew what  they were doing. 

One other positive thing, the people walking around filling the water glasses were super attentive and and always there. Maybe they should be given some food to run out to tables as well.. 

Steer clear of taco haus, especially if you're a huge fan of brat  haus.. it makes it so much more heartbreaking.