After looking for a place for dinner my girlfriend and I decided to give this place a try.  Before we entered I said this place looks empty. It was 7pm on a Monday night so we figured it might just be an off time. We decided to go in and we greeted and seated at a completely dark table, we asked to be moved to a table with more light. Just after another group was seated at the dark table and proceeded to use their phone flashlights to read the menus. After being disappointed that there are no free chips and salsa my girlfriend ordered tortilla soup, chicken taquitos, and I ordered the al pastor tacos.  I first tried the soup and thought it was disgusting, we both said that we make way better tortilla soup than this place. I grabbed a taquito and squeezed it and oil soaked out through the tortilla and onto the plate. Completely soaked in oil. Bland chicken inside. Although they were the best things we ordered I would never order them again. Shredded pork and a bland overly oil marinade. Nothing like traditional al pastor.  Margaritas were not "the best in the world" as advertised. Tasted like cheap tequila and sweet & sour with too much sweet.  Waitress was prompt at first but I think she was the only one in the restaurant and took her over 20 minutes after the food to check on us. We were done and waiting for a check for 10 of those minutes. The only reason I ate the food is because I was so hungry. After leaving I told my girlfriend I felt like I wanted to throw up that nasty food and go eat somewhere else.  Both of us left with our stomachs feeling like we were sick and she developed a head ache. The owners and managers were having a meeting at a table while we were there and had very negative vibes felt by us both without discussing it.  I noticed them checking out female customers and talking about them.  Very much the opposite of professionals. Oh yeah and one other thing they a song actually came on while we were there with the lyrics "the Mexican food really sucks here" I couldn't believe they would allow something like that to play there but it was very fitting. I think they were playing pandora or something because radio advertisements would come of every now and then. Also weird. If you like good, real, authentic Mexican food do not go you will be disappointed.