I have been a few times, usually happy hour when I would treat those that make it able for to pay my mortgage, so I expect it to be crowded and bit slow. However went here one night with a date to kill some time before my daughter would be home after going to her first high school dance and really wish I had stayed in the school parking lot and caught a nap. The service on the Friday was just horrible and the place would not have been remotely considered crowded sine we took outdoor seats by the fence of the outfield. After sitting for at a table for close to 30 minutes and enjoying the conversation I was having we realized that we had not received one bit of service from a sole on staff there. I actually went to the bar and got drinks and was greeted with courteous and pleasant manner and did have to wait too long after my arrival at the bar to get my order and return to to my table or should I say section since the the area we sat it was not at all crowded. Half through our drinks (now in there about 50 minutes) a little perky waitress with the worst attitude shows up and says " oh i see u have drinks I will be back later." My date at this time whim I actually have known for years and is normally very reserved asked if it would be possible to order food or is the kitchen closed, The response she received was an extremely and sarcastic remark in the lines of this is a place where we serve food and things went down hill from there. After a few seconds of going back we dismissed the young lady and requested to see the manager. Once he showed it was as if he had a 3 option plan to resolve issues and that was it, unfortunately none of the options where at all what we wanted. We noticed the time and realized we needed to leave but realized it was actually time to leave to be home to greet my daughter. The manager to his credit realizing we had felt satisfied offered to pay for a cab for us to get home. Now if you read this far you will see I have had one drink which I Have not finished because the waitress. I asked if I appeared to have already had to many drinks and he says well that it was his staff had advised him. At this point I would say I had not showing how upset I was so being the size I am (6'2 and I make it to the gym 4-6 times a week) I made sure him and his staff and the bouncers pretending they had something else to do I had not had the opportunity to get intoxicated because f the horrible service and he could take the cab offer and not suggest again. I will admit that I am glad I did not fall back on my youthful instincts because I realize that any place that would have a bimbo, a total inept moron and bouncers with courage of a cowardly lion they deserve to hopefully loose their liquor license some day.