It was a late night and the wait staff let us in. I was really happy to come across a Mexican restaurant that was so close. I was a bit apprehensive due to the 2-1/2 star rating, but the excessive traffic due to tunnel closings made my normal go-to-Mexican restaurant out of the question. We were promptly seated and ordered the following.

White Cheese Dip
Tacos de Carne Asada: no pico de gallo; no rice
Steak Quesadilla
Chorizo Quesadilla
Taco: meat and cheese only

We were brought the obligatory salsa and chips and told by the server that the white cheese dip was out. No big deal, we will deal without. We were happy they let us in. I tried some of the chips and salsa and was a tad put off by the fact that the salsa tasted like it was made without love. There was garlic powder in the salsa. Who uses dried spices in salsa? Not only was there garlic powder, there was TOO MUCH garlic powder.  I decided to wait on the entrees to arrive.

When our entrees arrived, I was happy to see that the food looked appealing. I was sad that there was lettuce on the tacos de carne asada, but that was my own fault for not paying attention. I put some tomatillo sauce on and ate one of them. I was not excited. The meat was very greasy and flavorless. The tomatillo sauce tasted like it just came out of a bottle. I took a bite of the beans and they were undercooked; they were slightly crunchy. I was not having a good time. I tried some of the chorizo quesadilla and was hit by an overwhelming amount of cumin and paprika -- not a good chorizo. 

I decided to finish my tacos de carne asada and move on. The best tasting part of the meal was the beef from the taco, but it was not very vibrant and it tasted like the seasoning that comes from the grocery store. I really wanted to like Cuzamil due to it's proximity, but it just doesn't work. In the future, I will go to Gran Agave when tasting Tex-Mex or Mexican and Los Cabos when tasting Cali-Mex. Both of these other restaurants give you more food, greater and better flavor, and are lighter on the pocketbook.

I won't return.