Let me start off by saying, I LOVE Chipotle. I don't just like the place, I love it. I've been obsessed with their burritos since this location opened over a decade ago. I've tried everything on the menu more than once, and although I have my favorites, I can honestly say there isn't one item on the menu I don't love. I consider myself a bit if a connoisseur having eaten Chipotle so many times, this being the location I frequent the most.

So it pains me to say that everything that makes Chipotle great, from the delicious marinated meats to the scrumptious cilantro lime rice, is almost completely absent at this location. I've eaten here less and less often over the past several months because the consistency of the food quality has deteriorated. Not once, not twice, but multiple times the meat has been so poorly seasoned it doesn't taste a thing like Chipotle. Not just the carnitas, which at times are salty beyond being palatable. Not just the chicken, which has been increasingly bland. But even the barbacoa, which lately has tasted along the lines of boiled beef.

The rice is a serious letdown, and anyone who eats Chipotle knows this is what makes their burrito special. Poorly seasoned, and yes, frequently undercooked. Sorry, but there's just no mistaking that crunch of uncooked rice. My son had a full two sides if it in his kids meal. That represented half of what was on his plate. We requested new rice, and one of the guys in the back seemed stupefied we'd bothered to complain. The replacement rice from the next batch? Exactly the same as the first.

The guacamole with our chips and guac was also smooth and creamy, not the typical chunkier texture.

Chipotle needs to take a serious look at this restaurant, and decide if it really represents the quality brand they've established. Or maybe it's a case where they've become too big to care. I've already contacted the restaurant as well as corporate, and there's zero improvement. Sure, if you don't eat Chipotle often you might think it's a decent burrito (key word being "decent"). If you're a regular, you know how bad it's become.

All the long time workers at this one appear to be gone now. Maybe the current crew just lacks the ability to keep Chipotle tasting like Chipotle. What a disappointment. I recommend trying a different location. I don't plan on returning here.