Wanted to give this place a shot being that it was Cinco de Mayo.  Wow, what a HUGE mistake.  My wife arrived before me and put our name on the waiting list at 6:15.  She was told that it would be about 30-40 minutes.  At the time, that didn't sound bad given the time of day and the fact that they should be busy on Cinco de Mayo.  At 7:15, we approached the hostess to ask how much longer since we had seen multiple parties conclude their meal and leave the restaurant.  It was at that time that one of the hostesses informed us that the "kitchen manager" had told them to not sit anymore tables until he said so since they were trying to cook for a party of 60-70 people.  I thought that was the most ridiculous thing I had heard in a restaurant in some time so I asked to speak to the manager.  After about 10 more minutes, out comes probably the worst "people person" manager I have encountered, Chris Olender.  When I explained our scenario to him and that at this point I was pretty irritated for not being told it would still be another hour before we would be sat, he did nothing more than shrug his shoulders and say there was nothing that he could do about it since they were trying to take care of the large party in the back.  Keep in mind that by now, there were at least 10 empty tables right up front that everyone who walked by could see.  It was almost laughable as the hosteses continued quoting new potential guest over an hour wait.  You could see the look of disgust as each person would question why they couldn't simply be seated at one of the many empty tables right in front of them.  This "manager" went on to say what did we expect, since it was Cinco de Mayo and that we should have simply came in yesterday or any other day of the year when they aren't busy.  Unbelievable!!!!  Simply put, I was willing to try to give them some business but I will never make that mistake again as Chris seems to live by the theory that his restaurant is down on the strip and that the customers just have to expect food and service to be misearble since those people are trapped.  That is NOT the attitude to have with locals as now I know why they are surely slow every other day of the year as Chris was quick to point out.  After reading other reviews, I am convinced that this restaurant will be closed soon enough and Aliante continues to sink further into irrelevance.  Such a shame because the Hotel/Casino is a beautiful facility but clearly isn't being managed correctly.