This place does not deserve not even one star.  As we open the door you are slapped with an odor of mugginess, mold, mildew, grease, humidity and stinky dirty carpet.  I understand this restaurant has lots of memories to mesa residents and has been around but the ceilings have watermarks, the walls and artwork look greasy and dusty.  Chairs are filthy and dirty.  Hostess/cashier needs to be more welcoming and attentive. Our waitress was not courteous at all. Not once did she come by after our meal was served to see if we needed something.  Either people don't know what real Mexican flavor is all about or El charros clients have some serious taste buds issues that need immediate attention.    HOW in the world is this place in business!! I am sorry if I am offending anyone BUT the food is disgusting.  I ordered a Chile relleno it should be renamed omelet with a green Chile inside it.  Rice was overcooked and mushy,  Beans were so so. One of the people in my party ordered the 2 tacos and tamale.  OMG!!! Tamale with tomato sauce something out of a can???? Tacos, don't get me even started there, how could they serve this????The meat was too dry, too dark, and shredded to the point where it looked like ground up road kill from 3 days ago.  The only decent thing on our plates were the chicken taco that was edible.   I consider myself very adventurous and trying new restaurants and cuisines and I have a very adaptable palate but this is not good homemade/american/mexican food.   IF they are going to close only for the summer use that time wisely upgrading or doing some cosmetic changes to the restaurant but most of all get new cooks and training your current staff. A smile goes a long way.....
I hope that this restaurant is only in business due to their established and loyal clientele because if you are a new customer I wouldn't even spend a penny.  I left feeling hungry but most of all pissed because I actually paid for bad food.  Next time I am taking my client to any hole in the wall restaurant or street vendor where I am sure I will find some flavor in my food.  I am so disappointed with this place and can't believe they said this was a good restaurant.