We tried this last night for the first time. Place was very clean. Lighting was minimal, it seemed really dark inside. We both ordered the fish tacos and an order of chips and salsa-to go. Fish tacos were amazing, they had a tasty orange sauce on them. There are three tacos in an order. Plenty of well seasoned fish on each taco. The tacos came with lime wedges, extra orange sauce and a green salsa, and a grilled green onion that I wasn't sure what to do with. The chips are made in house I believe, they were delicious. The salsa was really good, not spicy(which I like), and not super tomatoey. It was more orange in color and it had a little sweetness to it. I don't know if it's standard for each order of chips and salsa, but a large container of awesome guacamole was in our bag too. We will definitely be back, I need to try the ribeye tacos that everyone else is talking about!


I returned a few days later to try the ribeye tacos. I ordered the ribeye tacos and chips and salsa to go. I ate the tacos and some of the chips. Later that evening, I was going to eat the rest of the chips and salsa, when I found an unidentified object that looks like a fried bug or bug part on one of my chips. The business was closed when I found it, so I brought it in the next morning. One of the chefs was the initial person I showed it to. He couldn't tell me what it was. He brought in another employee from the back kitchen, who told me it was a piece of potato. Sorry, does not look like potato to me! He asked me if I wanted another order, I said no. He asked me if I wanted my money back, I said yes please. I had also brought back the containers of salsa and guacamole. The employee proceeded to open the containers, then gestured to them, as if a refund was out of the question because the containers were not full. Well no sir, I unfortunately did not have the pleasure of finding a nasty 'something' in my food until I had already eaten some of it. There was half of the container of chips left, and half of the salsa and guacamole. Which is beside the point. The employee just kept shrugging his shoulders and pointing to the containers. I asked if there was a problem issuing a refund, and he just said 'well', and pointed to the containers again.  I told him to keep his money and his food. He told me I could try coming back later. I walked out after he said that. I didn't bring the food back to get $4 dollars returned and 'get something over on them'. I'm not in the practice of trying to get food for free, which is what he was insinuating. I brought it back because I thought a food business would care that they served something questionable. Stuff happens in restaurants, but make it right. I have my ideas of what it is on that chip-make it right. I will definitely not be returning to this establishment.