Let me first say that IF I was able to give ZERO stars I would for this restaurant.  Apparently, they do not read their reviews, as if they did maybe things would change...MAYBE!

My husband and I decided to try El Charro out for the first time on Saturday, we were very much looking forward to trying this so called "Mesa Gem" since it is very close to our home.  Upon entering the building we were greeted by the hostess, she told us it would be about a 10 minute wait, and if we wanted, we could go in the lounge for drinks & they would come get us when our table was ready.  We proceeded to the lounge and after a couple minutes the bartender came and took our order.  She asked us if we would like chips & salsa while we waited and we told her that would be great, well she NEVER BROUGHT THEM.  Several minutes later she finally came back to check on us, and I asked her if the hostess would come and get us back here and she assured us they would, she then let us know that we could just eat in the lounge so we didn't have to wait on a table, we decided that would be great since we were very hungry, and she said "I will get you some menus"...since it was taking forever for her to grab a couple menus I decided to go to the front and see how long it was until we got our table since we had already been waiting over 20 minutes.  When I asked, they said "we called you at 6:51 and you didn't answer"...I politely told them that we were in the lounge and were assured that someone would come get us when our table was ready, the hostess apologized and said she will work on getting us a table right away.  I went back to the lounge and sat back down, three other patrons came in, were seated, given chips and salsa right away, and drinks were being poured all the while we sat with NO SERVICE!  The bartender finally came back after 10 minutes of ignoring us and asked "so, do you want to eat in here?", we said "we told you 10 minutes ago that we wanted to eat in here and you went to get menus and never came back, so no, we have decided to leave since we are getting terrible service", she looked at us, gave a nasty dirty look and walked off.
Needless to say, we will NEVER return to this place.  How it has been in business for over 34 years is beyond me.  Never in my life have I ever been treated so poorly at a restaurant.
I truly hope that this review helps others in their decision, don't be like us and give them the benefit of the doubt despite quite a few bad reviews.