What a disappointment yesterday. We wanted to have a late dinner and drinks after the football game and that wasn't possible at the Tempe z-Tejas. I love the location in Scottsdale so we thought this would be a solid spot to patronize. 

We were seated in the corner like they didn't want us there. But this allowed for us to watch the timeline and activities in the area. They started filling in the tables and actually moved other patrons after they had been seated so they could accommodate another table?? Those folks were more polite, I felt this inconsiderate to their experience. On the subject of other patrons another table did better by getting their drinks from the bar. Our server was too busy standing at the server station, "looking busy". He wasn't, trust me, I was a server for years. Not a good habit when the computer is in guest view. 

The female server in the area was on top of things and folks who were sat after us had drinks, cornbread and soup. We had asked for lemons twice to no avail, because our server never came back to our table by that time. The one thing we managed to receive was the "hard day" margaritas. These were over poured with alcohol and didn't taste good. 

It came down to the unfortunate situation of snagging a manager from a runner. I informed him of the deplorable service and he offered to be our server. It was so long at that point I couldn't stay. It was insulting. The manager comp'd our drinks and said we were are free to go. Like we were being removed from prison. At this point I was so irritated I would have preferred a more professional phrase, such as I'm sorry for the poor service, etc. The server never introduced himself, never even looked us in the eye or took care of us and his other tables in the slightest. Here is your tip: do not work in a college town at a place where people will come late at night if you can't be polite. It's part of the job. Maybe find a job where you don't serve people because you are not good at that.