Let me just say that if I could give this place a 0 star I would..

Aunt Chilada's, I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a very very long time & when I decided to take my family here for a birthday gathering it all went way down south & I can thank the staff here for it. Tonight I had my family 11 people including 4 children come here for dinner 9-13-14 around 5 o'clock..

My family had decorated the table with birthday items and we were in a secluded corner it looked like they had set up for large parties, from what I believe we were the only people in this side of the section of the restaurant. After about 10 mins of the kids laughing and the adults talking and the birthday squeakers going this place was ready to kick us out..

After we had ordered our server told us to stop being loud & for us to stop using the birthday favors. We said okay and had taken them from the kids.. Then adults were still talking amongst each other and a "non-friendly" "extremely rude" charge/supervisor/manager named Lindsay comes over with some other people and asked to talk to my mom who made the arrangements in the corner, I for one felt very offended by this. She is extremely rude to my mom and basically tells us if we don't shut up and stop bothering other people that we were going to be kicked out..

Mom: Are you asking us that we should leave?"
Lindsay: Yes, yes I'm wanting you to get out of our establishment." 

I'm not quite sure if those are her exact words but yes she said "GET OUT"
Who in the customer service business says " GET OUT" to a customer. YOU DON'T SAY THAT... HORRIBLE.

Who in the hell do you think you are to talk to my mother like that you pathetic piece of a "customer service" supervisor?!

She leaves with her little "helpers" and we sit down, my mom is beyond stressed out by this utmost disrespect. We are gathering our things to leave..

THEN we get it a third time right after Lindsey leaves!!

This idiot guy with some "professional" business clothes comes over to our table with security from the damn resort next door!

He starts telling us that we are being loud and blah blah blah.. I tell him " Sir, you and your charges/supervisors have come over multiple times to tell us the same thing, we have stopped being loud & using the party favors quite a while ago & you keep coming over and interrogating us constantly we get it we have stopped" 

Manager: "Okay, okay.. um thanks.. 

Now you have really pissed me off, I now feel offended because you are attacking me in front of my children. One of my children has a "developmental delay" he does not understand why you are being this way to us..
 
My husband stands up and says "why don't we just leave, they are probably going to just spit in our food anyways" yeah why dont we just go..

We stand up and start packing our things, what a horrible birthday dinner this has turned out to be. I have had bad service but to be attacking your customers because they are being "loud" is no excuse, they could have asked us kindly to be quiet but no, they would rather lose out on 200+ dollars of our money. 

The only thing good that came out of this is that they excused our couple fountain drinks and iced teas that we did order. 

Oh, and another thing the salsa tastes like crap, it was cold and tasted like something I would buy off the counter in the store for example: pace..

What a bad restaurant, don't go here, there are plenty of other good Mexican food restaurants around that are more enjoyable than this place..