If I could give my experience at Wedge zero stars, I would. I have been many times before and had a good experience, but last night was horrible. A group of friends and I chose to sit inside because outside was super crowded. Our server came to us, and asked us our drink order. She would not let my friend order a virgin drink, because "sweetheart it tastes bad." My friend even said I do it all the time ( and we have done it before at wedge), and she still just shook her head no. Ok fine, so we stuck to water. Then it came time to put in our food order and all six of us ordered, and I ordered nachos. Ten minutes later our food comes, and one friend gets soup and I get tacos. I practically have to chase her down to tell her that no one ordered soup and I ordered nachos. She snatches away the tacos and soup and tells me "sweetheart it will be a few minutes." I tell my friends to start eating, and 15 minutes later she comes back with ice cold nachos. Plops that down and walks away. It took you 25 minutes to get me nachos, but why were they cold?! On numerous occasions our server was just standing at the bar area, not doing her job! There were maybe 3 tables inside that needed service and she was exclusively an indoor server! Our water glasses were empty for almost 15 minutes before my friend kindly asked for a refill, and she looked at us silently, walked away, came back with a water carafe slammed that onto the table and walked away. Sweetheart, you don't go into the customer service business if you do not know how to provide even adequate customer service. Our server was just very rude, inattentive, and gave us major attitude for absolutely no reason. Another example of her incompetency, one friend asked for no sour cream with her quesadilla, our server answered with major attitude: "you know it comes in the middle right." Meaning the middle of the plate, and so you can't just write no sour cream on your note pad?! My friend said I know, but the server just stared at her so when the time came there was sour cream on her plate. The best part of this whole experience was at the end our server was suddenly sappy sweet and told what a pleasure it was to serve us--ummm no you sucked. And your nasty niceness at the end did not help your tips, sweetheart.