I had to take a couple of weeks to write this review since negative reviews aren't my thing and felt that a cooling off period was necessary.   We were guests of the Golden Nugget July 21st-23rd and we do choose to stay here frequently and enjoy all it has to offer.  After checking in on Monday afternoon, we noticed that Cadillac has a happy hour and figured that would be a great way to start our visit this time.  Jaycee and Norma Jean were at the bar and took care of us as we enjoyed some cocktails and an awesome quesadilla on the HH menu.  We decided to to return on Wednesday (23rd) night for another good experience.  This time no seats were available at the bar so we sat within earshot of the bar.  We ordered a beer and a Margarita and asked specifically for the Margarita to be hand shaken (as it has been since the cocktails conception), I am a stickler to this and most bars accomodate without incident.  The drink was delivered to the table and obviously was not shaken and had that poor layered appearance and taste.  We asked our server to please have her re shake the cocktail, simple enough right?  Mind you, we are within earshot of the service bar and we can hear the bartender complain about us and how she shakes all her drinks.  One, my many years of experience of working behind the bar I can taste the difference.  Two, shaking a cocktail makes a very distinct sound, which was heard for the first time when remaking my cocktail.  As she was belittling us, her guests, the server was trying to warn her that my wife was standing right next to her.  This didn't seem to concern her at all, She just scoffed at my wife and turned her back to her.  We could of let it go at this point and enjoyed our evening, however, the bartender had another agenda.  She proceeded to tell the guests at the bar that  my wife was clueless and had no idea what she was taliking about.  She didn't change the drink at all and now we like it.  This couldn't be further from the truth,  the drink was physically different, frothy and such, and we didn't enjoy it or the sticky glass with salt all washed down the side.  Obviously at this point we have had enough of her verbal abuse, paid our bill, after declining a freebie from the chef (manager of duty) since we asked for a manager from the server and she responded they were busy right now, hmm.  We asked the bartenders name, and to my surprise no one knew it, convenient?  One of the servers pulled me aside and said her name was Nicole, no idea if that is correct or not, doesn't matter at this point since I will never return to this place.