No! No! No! No!
(I could just end my review there.)

A friend was craving good New Mexican green chile and asked me for suggestions.
He scoffed at the first couple - then I mentioned I heard good things about La Ristra.
(I have noted those people and will never take food advice from them again!)
Gilbert is not a close trek for either of us - but in the search for solid New Mexican food, I am more than willing to travel. He also expressed concern about being Brown in Gilbert. I assured him I'd protect him (and my car is white enough to cover both of us!), and finally sold him using the picture of the banana burrito dessert on the menu.

We shared a cheese crisp that was just like any other cheese crisp, but the chips and salsa were good. The chips were really good. I thought we were off to a great start!

I ordered the beef, Christmas style, with egg. (Christmas style is half green chile, half red.) A fried egg on top is common in New Mexico, sides of rice and black beans. My friend had the blue corn enchilada, also Christmas style, with egg; sides of rice and pinto beans.

The first sad sign was when the plates arrived. Each was served with what they call a sopapilla. Well, it's in line with most sopapillas you'd get in AZ - but it is NOTHING like the ones in New Mexico. (If you've had one, you'd understand.)
Neither of us thought our food was bad, per se, but it was REALLY bland. Really, REALLY bland! My friend suggested maybe we went through a wormhole to a retirement home in Albuquerque circa 1983, it was so bland!
Well over half our meals were boxed up. At least we could take refuge in the banana burrito. Well, no. They were out of it.
All in all, it was such a disappointing dinner we were laughing about how we'll look back on it as a bonding experience.

I barely made it home before my dinner wanted to evacuate my body in a violent way - but I am hit and miss with dairy, so I figured it was the cheese, not the rest of the food. Until he sent me a text the next day that dinner pretty much wrecked him. The end. I see no need to go back under any circumstances.