I wanted to try a new Mexican place and the reviews here were good so we gave it a go. When we pulled up it did not look like the most inviting place. There were no cars in the parking lot. Is it open? It was. When we walked in, all of the booths along one side had been pulled out and a young lady was cleaning the wall. The floor didn't appear to be in the best shape either... Mexican music was playing and it was a little loud.
We walked over toward the food and saw some really good looking meats behind the window counter. It was tough deciding what to get! The girl who was cleaning the wall came over to ring up our order. She did not seem happy to be there and wasn't very friendly. My boyfriend ordered carne asada fries for us to share and I got the 3 rolled tacos combo (beef only, I could not mix & match with chicken) w/ rice & beans. They don't have regular iced tea here so I got Pepsi. The drinks were filled up so much that when I put my straw in, the soda started overflowing onto the table. My boyfriend got up and asked for napkins. We used those but the soda continued to spill over so a man came over and wiped it with a rag. What a debacle.
It occurred to me that they might put guacamole on my taquitos. My boyfriend saw them putting guac and pico on the fries. Oh no! I didn't even think about that! In my mind it's just meat and cheese (and maybe sour cream). So he went back up and asked them not to put anything on my taquitos. They proceeded to ignore this request and had to remake them. Ugh.
When we got the carne asada fries, we very meticulously scooped off the pico chunks, but there's no way to erase the liquid guacamole, so I had to eat around it. Aside from that, the fries were pretty good. But I was reminded why taquitos aren't that amazing. They were mostly corn tortilla with very little meat inside. We asked for a side of sour cream. It cost $0.65, even though it probably would've come on my plate in the first place. Whatever. The rice and beans were pretty decent.
As we were finishing our meal, a COCKROACH ran across the floor and under our table. My boyfriend squashed it and I suddenly lost my appetite. For me, a cucaracha is a deal breaker. We will definitely NOT be eating here again.