I've been to a fair share of Mexican seafood restaurants in the city and I have to say that I would not recommend going to Las Islitas because there are better options available!!! 

My wife ordered the shrimp ceviche tostada and the tacos el gobernador plate. Im somewhat of a fish taco aficionado so I ordered the plate of 3 tacos. The ceviche was just ok, a bit bland and nothing special. The shrimp tacos with melted cheese were pretty tasty when the green salsa was put on them.  In my opinion, the fish tacos were some of the WORST I've ever had!! The fish itself was not seasoned and was soggy from a lightly  breaded coating, but was overcooked at the same time, if that makes any sense!! Not enjoyable at all! Even worse, each taco was inconsistent with the amount of fish because one taco had a decent amount and the other two hardly had any, just a tortilla full of lettuce!!  It was not even close to being worth the $10 price for the plate!

If you're looking for a nice, relaxing restaurant, this is definitely not it! We were with a group of people and it was nearly impossible to hear the conversation because of the noise. The live music, which is usually a plus, was way too loud for the size of the place. Between the loud music and the chatter of the other customers, all conversation was lost unless you were sitting right next to the person. 

One more thing that I feel must be pointed out....the girl who rang up my check deliberately tried to keep my change, and this was AFTER a tip had already been added to my bill because of the group!!! Are you freaking serious??? I wouldn't have believed it had I not seen it with my own eyes. On a $37 bill, which was not worth it's value as is, the cashier put the $40 in the register and NEVER pulled change...then immediately started cashing out other bills! After 5 minutes, my wife had to go to the cashier to inquiry about the change, and the cashier still had the nerve to play dumb about it!!! 

If I could give this place zero starts, I definitely would! The only good thing I can say is that the server was nice and attentive. Other than that, I'll spend a bit more gas and go to La Palapa in North Las Vegas, which is outstanding!!!