The only reason I go to this location is strictly out of convenience, but after today I will inconvenience myself to drive to another location. The ONLY reason we went to this location today was because we decided at the last minute to get Chipotle, now I wish we went to the location off Rural and Baseline I believe. 

First off the place was a hot mess today. Food ALL OVER the floor in the dining area. Yes there were kids there and I know they can be messy but WOW food, rice and paper(yes I said paper, did not know that paper was on the menu, must be new) was all over the floor. Ya know I don't expect places to be completely spotless by any means but at the same time it's just not appealing to see stuff all over the place. 

Second, the customer service or should I say lack of customer service. If I wanted attitude and nasty looks by the employees I'd go to the MVD because you know everyone there hates their job and has no issue sharing/displaying that to others. The first guy in the food was just gave me a look of "yeah lady I know what the "f" I'm doing" with slight attitude, I move along and get my carnitas, beans and rice slightly annoyed. THEN comes the guy that puts the salsa, cheese sour cream and whatever  else you might want. Once again I get the same look as the last guy, just a little more dominant accompanied by MORE attitude. This guy also decides to OBVIOUSLY completely miss my taco with the sour cream and put in in between the two. Thank you guy, I really didn't want it on my taco, I like to eat it by itself. At this point I just want to get my food and leave. 

Third, I will have to say that this trip was better than the last. The last one, my boyfriend had to practically hold me back from completely lashing out at the VERY incompetent employee behind the counter. My order REALLY isn't that difficult and I really don't understand why it was sooo hard to comprehend. I always get the three tacos on corn with carnitas, pinto beans, white rice, corn salsa(extra), sour cream(extra) and cheese(extra)(I have to get extra because they never want to put an actual decent amount of any of those three on the food). The only thing I ask to be different is to place the tacos in the bowl instead of the foil because I don't want to EAT foil. Anyways, the first guy that was making my order just simply could not for the life of him understand what I was asking and on top of that was VERY VERY nasty/mean to me. Worse than a three year old throwing a tantrum. It was absolutely awful including the taste of the food!! I ended up throwing it away after just a couple of bites!! 

Last but not least, I have worked in the customer service for about 15 years now in one way or another. I know what it's like to have difficult, mean, unruly and just downright mean people. I also know not to take it personally and just bite my tongue because arguing with the customer is just adding fuel to the fire and will just not go anywhere for me or the customer. After all that being said, the way we were treated and the way horrible way the food was prepared, there is not anything(and I mean nothing) in this world that will ever bring me back to this location. 

Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me, fool me thrice, yeah...No not gonna happen! All in all this location is horrible, rude and messy. People have asked me where the nearest Chipotle is and I only tell them about the location on Rural, there is NO reason I should tell them about this one. Thank you for reading/listening to my rant.