**UPDATE** No word from the management.. guess I shouldn't be so sensitive.. The food there is pretty good.. just wish that the Mister and I weren't treated that way.. forgive and forget? Take the highroad.. at the yummy tortilla's?.. dial a clich?! LOL! Perhaps I shouldn't black ball this place any longer?? Help me to over come!! 


Well, I never! LOL! Tradiciones.. good food, good service, if you're Hispanic.. I sent an email to the manager with no reply and no surprise. I thought I would share my experience with you.

Dear Mr Braden,

I wanted to share our experience last night at Tradiciones with you. We have several friends coming in from out of town so the past Friday I had lunch and your wonderful restaurant. My friend and I had a exceptional time with great service (Mario was our sever) spot on menu items and overall were both very impressed. So I went ahead and made a reservation for a party of 15 with much excitement and anticipation. This type of excitement comes from years of dining and being a huge food enthusiast or foodie as my friends call me. This experience is in stark contrast to what happened last night.

My excitement carried with me the whole weekend so I decided to take my significant other there to have the same pleasure I had. Upon arrival we were amazed how busy it was and knew that a wait was imminent. After about 10 minutes I was able to make it to the front desk to put my name in for a table for 2. The hostess smiled at me and I told her 'dos', she raised her finger up to me and said "uno momento". Then she walked off and got another hostess, this was confusing as when she returned she started taking names of other guests and ignored me. Finally the new hostess asked me what I wanted. I told her I wanted a table for 2 she then told me that there was at least an hour wait. This was pretty obvious judging from the tens of other folks waiting for a table. Meanwhile the other hostess continued taking names then finally she added mine. I told her that we were actually here before the other guests the other hostess had written down. She ignored this and put my name on the bottom of the list. I'm not sure why she was acting like this towards me as there didn't seem to be a problem with any other guest besides the fact that I didn't speak Spanish. Our first instinct was to simply leave as it was perceived by us that we weren't welcome here. We stayed as the atmosphere still seemed lively and the smell coming from the grills were intoxicating.

After walking around the courtyard and enjoying some of the vendor stalls there we decided to venture back in so we wouldn't be missed. As we were standing there waiting I noticed that the patio only had a few tables and wasn't very busy at all. So we asked the second hostess if we could sit out there. She came back several minutes later to tell us the patio was understaffed and she couldn't seat us there though she offered bar seats instead. Perfect! We we're sat at the bar and were both excited to try the Cilantro Margarita! We ordered then, I saw her mixing it up, my mouth started to drool. She  then presented the drinks to us, cheers!  The drinks were wonderful and I'm not a big sweet drink fan. I then looked straight ahead and saw our bartender enter an order into the computer. As I watched her type I was amazed to notice that she named the check "Dos Gringo's"! Looking around I could tell she was referring to us as everyone else around us looked to have been there for a while. She turned around and I asked her "Dos Gringo's"? She smiled and started laughing like I caught her doing something wrong. She tried to explain that she gives everyone nick names and didn't make any apologies to us for the name.

Is it acceptable to call your non Spanish speaking guests Gringo's? I felt this was very offensive as I have generally heard the word in derogatory terms. Though this seemed to make sense as the way were treated at the hostess desk, were we just not welcome here? I continued to stew on this experience all the way until this morning when finally I decided to look up the word gringo to see if I were off base for my feelings. This is what I found...

gringo(gr&#301;ng'g&#333;) n.pl. gringos Offensive Slang, Used as a disparaging term for a foreigner in Latin America, especially an American or English person.

This solidified my feelings so I finally did some soul searching and decided to share our experience. If this definition is the case we will no longer visit your wonderful establishment, perhaps this will make a others more comfortable? If you can please help me to understand the term and the way we felt leaving last night I would truly appreciate your time.

Kind Regards,
Foodiebear