I have lived in Arizona for 25 years and the first 15 years in Tucson.   I have been going to your restaurants for all of these years.   It used to be my favorite Mexican restaurant, I can tell you now it has fallen not only past the bottom of my list but completely off the list of not just Mexican Restaurants but all restaurants.   I will not come back, nor will I ever recommend it.

Here is what happened.    We came to the Tatum Blvd one Sunday evening about 6pm.    There were maybe 10 tables with people, not busy at all.   I was with my wife and 2 kids, we were seated right away and our waiter was nice enough at first.    My son ordered the #52 as he always does, my wife ordered #24 but thought she was ordering #21, my daughter ordered her customary Cheese quesadilla from the kids menu and I ordered #39 (thought I'd try something different.).   First off my sons, silverware was dirty, (set ups) he simply took some from another table, seemed like not a big deal at the time.   Then when my wife's meal came 5 or so minutes late after everyone else's it was the Vegetarian Burrito not the Fajitas she thought she ordered.   Rather than trying to make it right for her the waiter became argumentative and told her that is what she ordered and gave her no option.    What makes this interesting is she ordered it as #24 but said to the waiter she wanted the Fajitas.   Her mistake but is the customer always right?  Should the waiter try to make her experience correct even if she made the error?   Should we have had the option of getting her the meal she wanted-even if you offered at a cost to us?    I did get my order and it wasn't as good as I expected but it was what I ordered, 1 BIG Standing tray of food, but not a Plate to be had.   Consequently, I dropped a Chorizo covered spoon on my clothing because I had this elevated monstrosity of a serving dish in front of me but no plate to eat of off.     Lastly but probably the most important was my son's dinner.   It seems he had a HARD FOREIGN OBJECT in his re-fried beans; it looked and felt like a pebble.   We pointed that out to our waiter, he response was: "I'm sorry."    I would have thought we'd see a manager by that point but we did not.   I would think a HARD FOREIGN OBJECT which  was clearly not food in my son's beans warranted a free meal if not our entire bill given as complimentary.   You could have had some expensive dental work to pay for.   

Here is the deal.   I am not happy, my wife is not happy, and my son is not happy and begged us not to go because we have had either bad service, messed up food orders, plus I have even had Chicken bones in my food in the past.   In fact I remember a time when he ordered #52 with beef before got it with chicken instead and they brought him an entire 2nd meal because of the error.    My 9 year old daughter is the only one in the family that likes it; plus it's pretty had to mess up a Cheese quesadilla (her order every time).   Here's the other tidbit of knowledge she doesn't get to be the one who buys dinners out, I am.    The consumer votes with dollars and I will cast my vote to not spend them in your restaurants again.  

Please let me know your thoughts I am very interested to know.   I paid with a credit card the bill totaled $49 and I tipped only $5 because of the sub standard service, I am sure you can find my order in your records.   I have probably had over 100+ meals from your restaurants over the years and I must say the Phoenix stores or should say at least the one at Paradise Valley Mall is terrible.   I don't think I ever had a bad meal at the Speedway location but I moved to Phoenix over 10 years ago and do not go to that location any longer, I cannot say the same for this location.