I've been a Chipotle fan since it first opened up in Los Angeles. Tonight, my grandmother and I went to the Chipotle at the Fashion Show Mall in Las Vegas right on the strip. We decided to do take-out because they were closing. By the time we got home we were starving and so we dug into our food as soon as we sat down. Only a few bites into my burrito bowl, I bit something hard and hurt my tooth. I spit it out thinking it was a bone, but it was a circular ball about the size of a pea that was a dark brown on one side, and a lighter color on the other. I knew it wasn't a bone, so I stuck it in a ziplock bag to further investigate this alien substance - as you can imagine i couldn't finish my food. A few minutes later my grandmother yells saying she bit something as well. She spit it out and it was the same ball like thing I had bit on. So these two strange balls had ended up in both our burrito bowls (what are the odds?) My grandma doesn't get as grossed out as I do, so she continued to eat her food cautiously. A couple bites later she freaks out again and shows me the second thing she crunched on. It was a large chunk of avocado (normally this is a good thing) that was extremely hard and still had part of the seed attached. There was also fragments of the seed in her bowl. The chunk of avocado with the seed attached was bad enough but either of those two balls could've choked a child had they swallowed it. This is unacceptable. I'm personally still skeptical about the two-tone balls, while my grandma thinks it is just part of the seed. Not to mention but as everyone knows, "the guac is extra!" I'm sorry but that avocado was totally not worth that extra four bucks...

Needless to say we lost our appetite and twenty dollars worth of food that was inedible. I have never had such a horrible food experience, and never would have expected this from Chipotle. We we won't be going back to this location after this unacceptable experience. Personally, I don't think I'll be eating at Chipotle for awhile...