Ok to start off this was my 2nd time going to eat here the 1st time was great sat in the bar got greeted immediately by the bartender jodi. She was very friendly knowledgeable and just overall nice, that's why i decided to go back.

On that note, I walked in and we went straight for the bar. It wasnt busy there were 2 other customers. For starters the bartender CARINA did not greet us no smile, no hi I'll be right with you ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!! When she finally did come over she did not introduce herself just very rudely said "I'm going to need to see both of your id's." There are proper ways to ask for ones id and that was not even close. So we showed her then ordered 2 margarita's, it was happy hour and by the way that was the main reason we rushed down there. So she brings our drinks takes our order(which wasn't difficult at all) the food comes out pretty quick but mine wasnt right i ordered the super mex burrito no lettuce and chile verde sauce on the side. It took her 7-8 mins to come back i had to push my burrito to the edge so she would notice. I told her what was wrong and she pretty much acted like it was my fault and then proceeded to get her notepad to show me what she wrote down, she didnt even say i'm sorry just told me i needed to specify better. So there we are waiting for my food are margarita's on the brink of emptiness and happy hour over in 10 mins, after 5-6 mins of her not coming over i went up to the bar and waited another 3 mins once again she did not acknowledge me, was going to walk right past and not say anything i told her that we wanted to get 2 more margarita's before happy hour was over, she says its 6:01 happy hour is over. My phone said it was 5:59, she could've redeemed herself if we would've gotten the drinks. At that point I was pissed!! My burrito finally came out and she had fully changed my order. I wanted the super mex burrito because it had rice in it, the burrito she brought me just had beans cilantro and onions. I'm sorry but how fucking hard is it to put SAUCE ON THE SIDE. You have to be an idiot if its that hard to push a damn button. Being a server myself I would never leave a restaurant without leaving a tip NO MATTER how terrible the service. But this was by far the worst service I have ever dealt with she was talking down to other customers telling me how I should order my food the next time so that there's no confusion. Seriously lady?! By all means i am not bashing the restaurant the food is good, but i will be calling to make sure that she is not the bartender when i go in.