Really, no stars! I ordered a chimichanga for pick up close to closing. I mentioned I would like sour cream and guacamole as well. I expected a possible charge for sc and guacamole, then again I've other places that already provides it part of the meal. Anywho, I arrive to only having to wait 3-5 min. I lived 5 min. Away, not bad! When I received my meal to go, of course I checked  for the guacamole and sour cream to no avail. I politely inquired of absence of side condiments. This is where it gets interesting. I had already checked the receipt and it was charges for .99 twice ( guacamole and sc) the cashier stated it was inside of the chimi. So I did what anyone else who knows what to do in this situation unless you don't care or know how much you love guacamole and sc! After I cut into it and saw the very minimal amt. of condiments I was charged $2 for, I proceeded to ask for more and I would pay the difference of what they supposedly already given me ( so little, couldn't tell). Granted the prices of 4 oz. containers of guacamole and sc were $1.99 and $1.15 respectively. This is where drew the line... They said they couldn't/wouldn't do it and would have to charge me for the 2 condiments? After minutes of trying to explain the the logic of just giving me what THEY thought was fair amounts extra for what I was WILLING to pay the difference for ($1 for guacamole and $.15 for sour cream) the cashier and waitress both said no can do! Even after she/they went to the back, I guess to confirm, they came back with the same answer. So already knowing I just should've asked for a refund. I made it simple for them and suggested they just back what gave me or trash and make me a fresh 1 with the condiments on the side in its respectful sized containers. (At this point I was damn, I shouldn't let them make me another, for those who know about some food workers/ handlers who are asked to remake something...) plus, too much time had passed with all the back n forth rhetoric and food was getting cold. Well after they refused to make another, even after cashier consulted with someone on the phone about the situation for literally 5 min. Before I ultimately made the right decision and politely asked to don't worry any further and just refund my monies. All $8 and some change which she acted like she was ruluctant to do. After receiving my refund, I simply rode my motorcycle across the parking lot to EL POLLO LOCO. Damn I was wanting a chimi chimi... If you don't know, don't piss of a possible loyal customer (any for that matter!)