The food, the service and the management are all in need of improvement. This place has gone downhill. I used to dine here regularly, but will definitely not go back again as my most recent visit left me irritated and hungry. My family, a coworker and I arrived for an early lunch so the restaurant had plenty of seating. I requested a table below a fan because they keep this place too warm. My daughter requested a high chair for my grandson. These two requests caused such an issue that we ultimately decided to put my grandson on my lap. The server we were seated with was one who had waited on me before and I knew she had a lousy personality, but I opted not to request a different server so not to cause a problem. That was a mistake. When she brought chips & salsa to the table,  1 bowl for 5 people, I requested my own chips & salsa - it's an OCD thing. I was nice about it, but she was rude anyway. Oh well, I chose to ignore it and play with my grandsons. Then time to order...I was trying to get a ground beef taco with the shell the way I like, instead of the way they usually serve it. She was so rude about it that I finally said, "just ask the kitchen and if they can't do it then let me know." She made so many excuses that I'm still not sure which shell I should have requested when they finally changed our server. After all this, my coworker gets a dirty soup spoon. She requests another and ends up with another dirty one. She requests another spoon - again - and my daughter requests one as well. My friend ended up eating her cold soup with a fork - as much as she could. After several more issues I finally go to speak with a manager. While I was gone, the server made a nasty comment about our party to a nearby table . Unbelievable! We get a new server, but still no spoons, who tells us we cannot have the separate checks we requested because the manager took 50% off our bill. The only issue then was that instead of any discount at all, we had been over- charged. At this point my daughter, who never complains, actually went to the manager herself. I was given my remade meal to go - which ended up in the garbage. We ended up with a full comp, but would still never go back. So disappointing to see what has happened here.