I usually like to support local businesses especially here in Queen Creek since some of the local joint have the best food and service here. Not in this case. We where a party of 10 and decided to try it out since the parade had just finished up and we where hungry for some Mexican food. We where never greeted when we walked in and there was only 1 other table sitting in there. When I walked up to the bar the lady finally looked up at us and said go ahead and seat yourselves and I'll be with you. It took about 10 minutes for her to come get our drink order and she actually walked away to help the table of 2 that was just seated, before I could tell her what the kids wanted to drink. 15 minutes later (after the other table had there drinks promptly) another server brought our drinks missing 1 that was actually ordered, we told her what the kids wanted to drink and the missing Pepsi. Turns out they where out of Pepsi and our Dr.Peppers tasted like that had ran out of syrup as well. We had to change up to Root Beer. Our original server finally came back to us about 10 minutes after that to take our orders ( this should have been the point that we left by now... But we where parked so far away). The food took forever, the table that came after us had finished there food and left before ours had even arrived. 

The second server had started to bring the food out but had no idea what the items where. If there was a burrito on the plate she didn't know what kind. My husband ordered a chile relleno and she said umm I don't know what this is, it has a jalapeño in it. When we said is it the chile relleno she said no it's a jalapeño, then walked off with the plates. A few minutes later the original server showed up with the plates and knew what they where. The food came out staggered so some of us where waiting awhile.

As for the taste, it was ok. However my carne asada burrito had so many layers of tortilla I had a very hard time cutting through it.

When we got the bill we had to have them fix it since they where charging us for regular size burritos instead of the mini burritos we ordered for the kids and her response was well there wasn't a button for it. Our response was well we ordered mini burritos that are $1.99 not $4. So she was like ok I'll need to redo the check.

The place is very outdated and dirty. The ceiling fans where filthy and the restrooms needed attention. Several teenagers/ kids and adults that looked like they where not working where in and out of the kitchen. When they would walk out they had food they where eating. Maybe family members, could be why it was so unorganized and food was coming out slow.

Needless to say we will not be returning and I would never recommend anyone to this restaurant.