To start off with we came in we were seated promptly, a few moments later our drink orders were taken.  Roughly five minutes later our drinks finally come with some chips and salsa.  I had already started to get a bad feeling about this visit.  The waitress asked my wife to taste her diet pepsi to make sure it was right, however she did not wait around for the answer.  Her diet pepsi was flat.  A few minutes go by and she finally comes to take our order, we place our order and she leaves again.  My drink became empty during the wait and she finally noticed about 10 minutes later.  It took them nearly 25 minutes to get our food to us, of course what would happen?  They brought me the wrong food.  In typical fashion with this type of waitress she fled the scene before I realized that I had the wrong food, I was fuming that it was taking so long, no other place in town has ever been so slow in food delivery for a lunch menu!  It took her 12 minutes from the time she delivered her food to the time she came to ask how everything was.  I was finally able to tell her about our problems.  She offered to correct my meal but I didn't want to wait another 20 minutes so I told her not to worry about it.  She left promptly and about five minutes go by and she apologized for the mixup and asked again if I wanted my corrected order to go this time, again I said no and she started to collect our plates and left, to which I would have imagined she knew we were ready to go, another seven minutes go by before she brings us the check.  All in all it took us roughly an hour from start to finish, definitely not great lunch service.  She said she was going to correct the bill so we didn't have to pay for the wrong stuff, she took $1 off for my meal being wrong, how nice.  When I spoke to the cashier I was able to get the flat soda removed.  I'm a tipper, for excellent service I have tipped up to 50% before, rarely do I tip below 20% for decent service just because I know how hard these people work.  This is the first time in nearly ten years that I did not leave a tip.  We will not be going back to this location.  For lunch hours with not too many patrons you wouldn't imagine it would have sucked this bad.