I was really excited to try out Barrio Queen having been to the Barrio Cafe and loved that experience. I especially raved about the guac to my friends and we all agreed to go there for Cinco de Mayo. Overall the food was average, the drinks decent but the service was AWFUL. We got there on May 5th at about 3pm. The restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived but was packed by dinner time. The good stuff: they do have great happy hour specials with 2 tacos for $3, $3 drafts and $3 casa margs. And that's about it. The rest of the menu is pretty pricey, both for drinks and for food. The conchinita pibil is delicious and certainly worth it's reputation. The tacos were pretty tasteless and very dry (like "eating jerky" dry). No matter what some of the servers say, they actually do have salsa there so get either the red or green, it makes the tacos so much better. The casa marg is OK, but hardly a stand out. However the red sangria is really tasty. They put a mango puree at the bottom and it's light and refreshing without being too sweet. One of my friends is really into tequilas and the restaurant stocks over 300 varieties. She was really happy on that score. Unfortunately the service was terrible and turned what should have been a 2 hour 'drinks and dinner' event into a 5 hour saga. Bottom line, there are too many other places in the Valley that are really good, reasonably priced and have consistently good service. I hope they get their service issues sorted but it will be a long long time before I ever end up back there.

The service *sigh* If it weren't for the bizarre service I would probably have given this place 3 stars because of the sangria and the conchinita pibil. Anyway, the hostess was MIA when we arrived to the restaurant and it took almost 20 minutes just to find her. We then sat at our table for 15 minutes before our server finally came over.

So the first thing we ordered was the guac and chips. I've had the guacamole at the Barrio Cafe and it is awesome. The guac at Barrio Queen was almost all onions tossed in a little bit of avocado. We also watched, perplexed, as the tables after us all had their chips and guac prepared table-side, with the option of customizing the ingredients. We were not offered this option so I asked our server if I had ordered the wrong appetizer. She said that she had been too busy earlier (when the restaurant was empty) and just had the kitchen "throw it together" for her. We asked if we could have some salsa to go with our guac and she said they didn't make salsas at the Barrio Queen. What kind of Mexican restaurant doesn't have salsa? Turns out the 2nd page of the menu says that they have bottomless salsas. We asked a different server and he brought out a red and a green salsa. FYI, they do not have a chips & salsa app but they do have little sides of salsa which we weren't charged for. I guess the trick was to ask for salsa *only* because if you use the words 'chips' and 'salsa' in the same sentence they'll tell you they "don't do that." So bizarre.

It routinely took half an hour from the time we ordered a round of drinks until they all arrived. When we asked how the drinks were coming along several times they told us that the keg was being changed out. OK, I admit I don't know much about beverage distribution but I've never heard of margaritas or sangria being served from kegs. We had to flag people down to get our water refreshed, no one ever offered. They also wouldn't clear away empty glasses or plates unless we asked. At one point we had 13 empty glasses on the not-very-big-to-begin-with table.

When our food arrived we noticed that the plate had chorizo tacos, not the carnitas that we ordered. The server said he knew that(!) but the servers had been told the happy hour tacos were carnitas while the kitchen had been told they would be chorizo. We started to say we didn't want chorizo and he just walked away. We flagged down our actual server and he said we had to keep the chorizo tacos even though no one wanted them. He did eventually apologize for the mistake and we got the carnitas tacos and at the happy hour price.