OK I hated it! I have eaten Mexican food all across North America and this is by far the worst! Seriously I would prefer to eat at Taco Bell than return here!
 
The building is all they have going for them. 

Service is mediocre. If you read the menu you will see at the bottom that they will not split checks for a table and a few other will not rules! Come on people, how tacky and inhospitable can a eatery be!? My waitress was some young girl. She was okay but obviously not to experienced. 

My food, left me dumb founded! I was having lunch. I ordered the steak fajita $11. It was a big meal with rice, beans, guacamole, Pico de Gallo, the fajita had lots of colorful peppers w/ onions and mushrooms! Never have I had mushrooms in a meat fajita, but okay I'll go with it. Then I bit into something that set my mouth a blaze! But beyond all that the food was SALTY! Yes the rice and beans as well! I could not eat it. I set there contemplating my hunger, what set before on the plates and the girth of my waist size, or to doggy bag it for my hound - I was ready to walk away when the waitress showed up and noticed my plate. When presented with the idea of a to go box, I broke down and told her it was to salty. She kindly offered to get me something else. Off the top of my head I said a chicken enchilada. It came out, and it was even worst! When asked if it was to my pleasing, I told a bold face lie! I said it was better, only meaning it was not as salty. Then I asked for a small sour cream, to cover the taste up in an attempt to make it look like I had eaten more of it then I intended. I picked at it but left more than half of it on the plate along with the sour cream (2 Tablespoons) that they charged me $2 for! 
I wanted a Sangria but opt not to attempt that recipe after experiencing the kitchen's recipes. Besides $7 for a glass of Sangria was a bit steep in my mind as well. 

If you know me, you will soon learn I love a happy hour. I read their happy hour brochure and was not impressed. Basically half price on chips & two different dips and $5 drink specials. I'll pass on this as well. 

Wild horses, horny handsome straight men, nor hunger or thirst will get me to return to Ajo Al's or recommend it. 

Oh and it's not cheap for lunch nor dinner either, considering it's Mexican food and awful. Sure glad my Uncle Al could cook better than this.