If you check my Yelp reviews, you will notice that I NEVER leave a bad review. I am in the customer service industry and I understand how hard it is to constantly please people. 

That being said, this Cafe Rio is a complete DISASTER. 

I LOVE the Cafe Rio chain and will continue to go to other locations but I will never go to this Cafe Rio again. I live right up the street and was so excited when they opened this location up. I have been to this location three times. Each time provided a worse experience than the previous. 

My Fiancee and I ordered take out on May 5th, 2015 and it was scheduled to be picked up at 6:15PM. I arrived to pick our meal up at 6:10PM and had no problem waiting a bit for my food since I was a little early. In front of me was a woman who was also waiting for her food. She claimed that she had been waiting for 40 minutes! Now, it was Cinco de Mayo so you'd assume that Cafe Rio would probably be really busy, right? No... They had maybe 5 customers in line and another 4 or 5 sitting in the restaurant area, eating. The girl at the take out counter was nice and seemed to have a million things going on. I felt bad for her. She continued to apologize to the lady in front of me as well as myself for the delay. The lady in front of me received her order at about 6:30 (total waiting time was 1 hour) pm. At this point, I am starting to get frustrated. Like I said before, I work in a customer service environment and I would never call out a business or person unless it was completely warranted. While I was waiting for my food, three different customers let the cashier know that their ice machine was out, they had no more guacamole and three of their drink dispensers were completely dry. 

What?!? How do you run out of materials during the peak of a MEXICAN HOLIDAY at a MEXICAN RESTAURANT? Beats me...

After waiting even longer, I decide to ask to cancel my order. I let the cashier know that I understood that she has no control over this situation but it was getting ridiculous. I thought I was on one of those hidden camera shows or something. She said that my order was getting packed right now so I ended up just taking it. I asked if her manager was in today (I assumed no manager was around since the place was in complete disarray) and she pointed to an older man who was "working" at the food line.  

I was in SHOCK that HE was the one who ran this place. During my wait, I saw him rolling his eyes, mistreating co-workers, giving attitude to customers and having an overall look of MISERY. I thought he was miserable because he was an older man working in an awful Cafe Rio and he was fed up... But no... He was the MANAGER! 

The cashier stated that he had no business cards but she gave me his name. Once I received my food (an hour after suggested pickup time), I yelled his name out (TOM is his name...). He looked over at me and I asked him if he had a card. He said no, he does not have a card and that if I had a problem, I should call the 800 number. I asked him if he had any contact information at all... Again he said he did not. 

This man is miserable and an AWFUL manager. It's no wonder that this place gets terrible reviews. Whenever I have the Cafe Rio craving, I will be driving to the Sunset location and swallowing the extra mileage.

A call in to corporate is forthcoming as well.

Good riddance, Cafe Rio - Horizon.