Ok, I have to try to take this star rating of this place down a little. For the sake of those that pick a place based on the ratings, I think I owe it to them. 

I have lived by this place for years and always wondered why they hadn't torn it down because it was empty, and then one night the place was packed. I was very intrigued. And then when my husband described his receptionist declaring the reopening like it was a state holiday (with tears in her eyes) I thought "I gotta get me some of that!" 

We decided to go on an off hour on a Saturday and there was still a 45 minute wait. I liked the old inside, the no need to upgrade attitude was just my style. All of the anxiously waiting people and being right near the kitchen while waiting...I was screaming on the inside with excitement for the sure pleasure my taste buds were about to be hit with....and then we were seated. 

First, no alcohol. OK, this is a newly reopened place and may not have their license yet (darn I wanted a margarita!), oh well diet coke it is. They bring out a 6 oz cup of drink, a little syrup container of salsa (cute!) and a bowl of chips. I finished the drink in two sips, the salsa had no flavor, and I avoided the chips after the drink because I think the server was a blackbelt in avoiding interaction once the order was placed. 

The food came (and finally a refill, which I should have asked for no ice because the ignoring annoyed me the most) and we began to chow down. My husband got the chili relleno and I got the cheese enchiladas. My first bite I thought "hmmm this reminds me of that frozen crap my mom used to try to pass off on me" and I looked across the table to see my husband eyeing my food and his food barely touched. Now, my husband is an ex football player with a huge appetite that used to eat oysters out of a can in college, so that tells you something about his meal. Mine was edible and we shared with an overwhelming violated feeling . 

Surprisingly the server was very quick with the bill. I tried to talk my husband into not tipping but he is a gentleman. When I got home I began listing friends that I trusted their opinions to go and tell me that we are absolutely crazy (one of which likes Spam) and should give it another shot. The overall rating...bland, cheap and the salsa scared one of them (she described it like ketchup). 

Bottom line, don't be fooled like me. The place is no good and should have stayed closed (and I really wanted to like it!).