I have eaten at La Fonda many times over the years. Last night was my worst experience there, and the last time I will eat there. From the moment my girlfriend and I walked in the door, up to the moment we were getting into our vehicle, we were treated with disdain, and what could be interpreted as racism. The Hostess, with her cold glare, sat us, dropping our menus on the table, then, boldly walked away. Our waitress, SERVER ID 101, a woman who appeared jacked up on some sort of methamphetamine, came seconds after we were set, and asked us what we wanted to eat. I said we hadn't even ordered drinks yet. My girlfriend asked for a margarita, the waitress then told her what the beer specials were. Again, my girlfriend asked for a margarita, again, the waitress mentioned the beer specials. Third time is a charm, the waitress finally got the margarita order. The drinks were a mix of water and what ever mix they are using. They were terrible. I ended up ordering a beer, and the waitress brought me the wrong one. After the experience I had with her throughout the dining experience, I didn't argue with it. I wrote on the receipt "yelp" and added a frowning face. And having worked in the service industry, I was bummed to have to only give 10%. The food was decent, not too much to complain about there. We were standing outside, when we were approached by the waitress. She approached my girlfriend and began to complain about the tip, seriously, she actually complained. I informed her that if she had a problem, she needed to speak to me, after all, I was the one who paid the tab. She would not speak to me. She told my girlfriend, "I have been doing this job a long time, and no one has ever complained." I laughed, and again, told her that my girlfriend had on clue what she was speaking about and that she need to speak  to me. Still, she refused. My girlfriend looked baffled. Still, the waitress continued to spew onto my girlfriend. I told the waitress that we were not happy with the experience, she was not acknowledging me, at all. She then went inside. She is lucky that I did not call and ask for her to be drug tested, and terminated. I do hope that a member of the management reads this, and is aware that I will not be steering any more business their way.