I want to first start this review with advising that this visit I had today was not a likeable one and is definitely making me think secondly with doing business with this company again.

The Tamales are AWESOME.  I can't lie, I drive all the way from Laveen, AZ just to come here and pick up my monthly dozen.  Any other time that I have come, I am greeted at the door, there is a warm comforted feeling of a hardworking family run business, which is another plus on doing business here.

Today's visit SUCKED!  I walked in and there was only 1 older lady in line before me.  The owner (or manager) came out from the back and immediately helped another gentleman that came in AFTER me.  I waited patiently thinking that it may be a slight oversight on who he thought was next in line.  The man was served his order and he left.  Now it should be my turn, but instead the manager decided to take the order of the next man that was standing behind me.  WHAT!!!  Now I'm pissed and feel disrespected by being ignored.   I didn't know if I was the wrong shade of color or if I was just invisible.  I actually had to step in and tell him that it was my turn for service, but only to be declined tamales because they don't have anymore.  SMH!

I'm very big on respect.  I respect you and I expect the same type of respect, certainly if I am spending money with you.  It saddens me that I can come in today and the service was nothing like ever before.  I understand they they are busy, I understand that you are trying to fill other orders and I also understand that one may be a little stressed.  Unfortunately, that is a YOU PROBLEM and not a ME PROBLEM.

I spoke with the manager and expressed my concern about the disrespect that I felt as a customer that spends money in this establishment on the monthly basis.  He danced around what he didn't mean to do or how he didn't mean to make me feel.  He said everything else except a simple, I APOLOGIZE!  If a customer tells you that you not on your P's and Q's, then it is what it is. The Tamales are good, but I will never compromise the respect that I deserve.  My money is green and just as good as those other white customers.