I signed up for a Yelp account just to tell other people how terrible this place is!

Worst dining experience in Phoenix yet! We moved here four months ago and noted that we hadn't really had a poor dining experience in this city... but Macao's was able to take that trophy.

We arrive at 5:40 PM on a Friday. Parking lot is completely full, so we had to park across the street in the mall parking lot. This isn't a big deal. We dined as my wife and I, plus two friends who showed up a bit later.

On entering, I am assaulted by the extreme levels of noise on the inside of the restaurant. To the point where I could not hear the woman at the podium. And she's yelling. Eventually I get the understanding that there's a wait for inside seating (although she doesn't know how long, and who would want to eat in this noise anyway!!??!) and that the patio is open seating. I see sprayers, so I choose patio.

Most of the patio was full, but I found a table that wasn't covered in water from the sprayers and sat down. And waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. And waited. And no one came to take my drink order at all. Tables around us received drinks. Tables around us received drinks many times. Tables around us received drink refills. This was after being stared at hardcore by the woman at the "bar" outside, and being stared at by the security guard by the patio entrance. After 30 minutes of this, I went inside and asked for the manager, and after a few minutes someone finally showed up to take our drink order.

While we're dying of thirst, three waitress stop by with a plate of taquitos with some kind of sauce on them. They ask us, each time, if the taquitos are ours. My wife says no, and we haven't gotten menus or had anyone take a drink order. The waitresses attempt to feign concern and inform us that they will find someone for us, but the doesn't seem to have actually occurred.

We should have left at the 30 minute mark instead.

Eventually we receive our drinks. My wife is served the tiniest margarita ever. It was served in a cup approximately the size of those paper cups you put in your bathroom. For four dollars. We learn later that there's a "large" and a "small" size available. We were not offered a choice.

Our friends join us a bit later, and we look over the menu. I order the steak cortez, medium rare. It arrives after a reasonable amount of time. The waitress informs us our plates are very hot, and my refried beans are starting to crack. Heat lamp much? We dig in and I notice every bite of my steak cortez is fatty. I push the spinach con queso off the top of my steak cortez and notice that there's large chunks of fat attached to my steak. The beans and rice were nothing special, leaving me only to really enjoy the spinach con queso, which was interesting. Not the best $16 plate I've had in my life.

While we were eating, I drain my tiny beer, and our waitress continues to be invisible. My wife drains her tiny water, starts drinking my tiny water, and, you guessed it, still no waitress. After awhile our waitress reappears and refills our water. With seltzer water, or soda water, or otherwise carbonated water. She had a pitcher with her, so she filled a pitcher with carbonated water, then comes out and fills our tiny water cups with carbonated water. How in the world does this even happen? Is it normal for Macayo's to have cloudy water? Ew. 

The rest of the meal completes without issue.

When it comes time to pay, waitress asks us how we want to split the check. We indicate that we want it split per couple, and receive our checks that are split correctly. Each couple puts their card in their respective folios, and gives them back to the waitress when she returns.

After a few minutes, our friends get two text messages from their bank, one for the price of their food, and one for the price of our food. Both receipts have the name of our friends. We have to find a manager again to correct this.  I'm really not sure how this was able to happen. Our card is dark blue, friends' card is bright white/silver. How can you mix that up?

Go to Taco Bell.