Not impressed. One of the worst dining experiences. I'm hoping that for Carefree Station's sake, we came on an off day. I don't know how they could stay in business otherwise. Poor service and inedible food.

We relied on the previous yelp reviews to find a quaint lunch spot in Carefree on a weekday. We found a nice spot outside on the edge of the patio, and they even allowed to have our pup. About 10 minutes later, our server came to take our drink order. I asked for a lunch recommendation, and she responded with the standard "everything is good." Sure....
Me: "well what's popular?"
Server: "the turkey and chicken sandwiches"
I went with the turkey sandwich and my mom got the mexican combo with one chicken taco and tortilla soup.

About 1 hour and no drink refills later, the food arrived, and I almost wish it hadn't.  The indian flatbread was an interesting concept for a sandwich, but the poor quality of meat, disgusting cheese, and cold bacon made it. The sweet potato fries were alright. My mom took about 1 bite of her soup, which was COLD, and a few bites of her taco before she gave up. I tried the chicken and she was right: it was dry, warm, and had no flavor.

The manager comes by 10 minutes later: "everything okay?" We told her we hadn't had any refills and were about to tell her about the food when she sped away after the iced tea pitcher. The iced tea never made it, because the manager starts chasing down a woman asking her if she had paid her bill.
Woman: "I left the bill on the table, and maybe if you had more than one server, it would have been picked up sooner. Check with the busboys."
Manager: "The server said the money is not on the table. The server is sure she didn't see it."
Woman: "Are you accusing me of not paying? This is ridiculous. This is the worst service I have ever experienced. I will never return here, and I will tell all of my friends to avoid this place." The woman storms off and the busboy comes out a few minutes later to tell the manager he picked up the bill.

If this episode weren't enough of a disruption to our "carefree" lunch, the bill did not arrive for us for another 15 minutes. The lone server was running around the patio looking frazzled after being called out by the screaming woman. I felt sorry for her. What was the management thinking? ONE SERVER DURING LUNCH TIME. I understand times are tough, but come on.

Total time spent sitting outside: 1 hour, 45 minutes.
Total time spent actually speaking to our server: 20 seconds.
Total iced teas between the two of us: 4 (we got one pity refill from the server when the bill came).

Kudos to the ambience. They really created a nice vibe with the outdoor patio. Definitely the type of place you could sit back and forget about the world. Now if only I had forgotten about the food and the service...