Where to begin.. 

Well first we go in and it has just recently opened so I'm going to try to give them the benefit of the doubt.. So me and my father are in Line waiting to order and a woman comes up and says "what's your favorite here?" To which we reply "oh it's actually our first time" so she yells out "FIRST TIMERRRRR!!!" And the rest of the staff yells that as well and it was a bit embarrassing but I understand it's a gimmick so I went along. 

NEXT: I go to order a vegetarian burrito, and keep in mind everything is laid out and you choose what you want JUST like chipotle, so the guy goes to throw cheese and enchilada style just assuming that's what I wanted and I had to tell him "no none of that either please" so then I get to the part where they put the Lettuce, tomato, etc and before I can put anything IN my burrito the guy puts pinto beans on TOP of the burrito then puts it through a cooker and I say "oh I wasn't done building the burrito" and he replies "you actually get it all on the side and put it on yourself.." So I get the salsa, lettuce, and "one free scoop of guacamole" on the SIDE which is already annoying because any Mexican food place I go to ESPECIALLY where you build it there the stuff goes IN the burrito so there is no hassle and the woman says "you have to ask in advance for us to put it on for you"

NEXT: my dad gets a chicken quesadilla which is literally a kids size, and when I go to pay I also add 2 drinks, and the woman says "since that's a kids size I can only sell you a kids size drink..." Are you kidding me???? Not to mention no one said it was a kids size, he asked just for a chicken Quesadilla and that's what they give him? I guess you have to ask in advance for a regular size? And as we go to sit down the woman behind us with a distraught look on her face passes us at the drink station and says "wow why does this Place have to be so confusing?!" 

FINALLY: we sit down and at this point I need a SECOND plate just to build my own burrito (litterally) and when I go to pick it up, the salsa liquid got UNDER the burrito causing it to be soggy and it literally breaks apart all over the place and turns to mush.. At this point I asked for a refund so I could leave and as I'm waiting for the money back the woman from earlier who yelled "first timerrrr" asked me how it wAs, and when I said I got a refund she replies "you should have got it enchilada style like I said..." Keep in mind I did take a bite before refunding and I will tell you it is the exact same spitting image of chipotle... Just more exspensive and more of a hassle and a lesser size of a burrito... Just go to chipotle across the street and save yourself a headache and a bad dining experience.