We came to Aliante casino to enjoy their new restaurant Cabo. I received a email to come and try the $7.99 All U Can Eat Taco special that is available all-day. The wait time to be seated is about 20 min but that is expected because the restaurant is brand new to the Aliante community. Sitting at the bar is quicker and the bartender is pretty cool. 

But this entire experience turned into something very horrible. Once we were seated and placed our order for two tacos each, it took Cabo exactly one hour to bring the first order of tacos out to us. Prior to receiving our food, we had to complain to the manager that its taking forever and he advised us that our food is now ready to be delivered to our table. Moments later one of our many waitress' advised us that our order has been lost and they have to start over on making our food. This really had me beyond upset. Once again we complained to the manager and he offered to comp our drinks from the bar and food.

Now, once our food finally came out after many complaints and waitinf for 60 minutes to get it and eating through two baskets of chips, we all thought everything was going to be smooth sailing from there until the one person in my party, who's allergic to tomatoes and onions, began to feel really really sick while eating. She distinctly told the manager and a waiter and waitress that she's allergic to those ingredients three times before ordering. They didn't put the ingredients on her tacos but failed to tell her that they marinated their meats in a tomatoe and onion sauce.

After she ran out the restaurant to puke all of her food up the manager kept asking me if I would like another drink and I'm like "No! You jerk! You guys just poisoned my friend!". Cabo eventually called security who then called the EMT's who had to treat her. It was so embarrassing. After being treated and filing an incident report with Aliante Casino's Risk Management department we went back to Cabo to get a business card and info of the manager. His name was Joe, he refused to give us his last name, and gave us a business card of Cabo's food and beverage director who's not even located in Las Vegas. How unprofessional is that?!

On the other hand, Pricing on food ranges from $4-$18 depending on what you order. They also have a 3p-6:30p on Fridays and that includes $4-$6 and a drink special that include beverages from $4-$6.

Overall, the new addition to Aliante casino is horrid! I will never again in my life order food or even a glass of water from this horrible restaurant. We even told the manager that we're affiliates of Yelp.com and he gave us a serious blank stare and asked "What is Yelp?". Really sir?! Smh at this unorganized establishment and its rude staff. The only reason I give this restaurant one Yelp Star rating is because its not available to give them a negative five Yelp Star.