If I could give this place no stars, I would. San Felipe's is not worthy of even one star.

I met my friends here Thursday night for a few drinks and as it was after 10 p.m., it was apparently 2-for-1 on vodka drinks for $5. My friends indicated that our cocktail waitress was exceptionally rude to them and they had to go to the bar to get their drinks. I thought maybe they had done something to offend her earlier because I was greeted by said waitress only moments after sitting down. While her greeting was not exactly friendly, I was nonetheless acknowledged, which impressed my friends.

I gave the waitress my check card to start a tab and ordered my usual vodka gimlet. Over the course of the night, I had four rounds of vodka gimlets, which equated to eight drinks total (four paid, four "free"). One would assume that with 2-for-1 $5 vodka drinks, my bill would've only been $20. How wrong I was.

Evidently, San Felipe's believes vodka gimlets are "premium" drinks (because of the mixer) and require a surcharge of $2 per drink, even on the "free" drinks. You can imagine my astonishment when I received my bill of $36, consisting of four $5 charges for the first four drinks, four $2 surcharges for said drinks, plus four more $2 surcharges for my "free" drinks.

I pointed this out to the waitress, who then became annoyed that I dare challenge her and the bar's decision to declare Rose's Sweetened Lime Juice a "premium" mixer.

What angers me the most is that when I began my fourth round, I asked her if 2-for-1 was still on, as it was then after midnight. She said no, and I said that was fine and asked for another vodka gimlet. A little while later, she brought out another gimlet, saying she had mistaken and that gimlet was my free fourth round drink.

Never before have I had a surcharge placed on something as simple as a vodka gimlet. I didn't even have that happen at the numerous bars I went to in Las Vegas a month prior.

San Felipe's, I always thought you were just so-so and only went because my friends liked you. But now, both my friends and I will never bring our business to you again.

For those who will unfortunately find themselves there, be sure to take cash and don't start a tab.