To start, we were told it would be a half hour wait.  Okay, not a problem.  After all, D&B was a 2-hour wait!  So we waited directly in front of the hostess bar.  30 minutes passes, 45 minutes pass... we go up and ask what's the ETA.  "Uh...."  They erased our names from the wait list on accident!!  We ended up waiting a total of an hour before finally being seated.  

We're still cool.  Not too hungry, but ready for drinks.  We wait.  Then we wait some more.  At this point (estimated 10 minutes after being seated), I pulled out my phone and begun to time how long it would take to get waited on.  Servers continue to pass us, so quickly, we couldn't stop them even if we tried.  20 minutes later our waitress says, "oh!  I am so sorry!  I didn't know you guys were here!"  

Irritated at this point, but we smile and put in our order for drinks and food.  We have 5 people total and she brings us 4 waters.  My friend asks for a water... she never brings it.  

Four of us order the fish bowl.  Yummy drink but WATERED DOWN.  That huge thing didn't even give me a buzz, and I am a light-weight, being that I only drink every few months.  The other girls agreed.  Yummy, cute bowl, but no alcohol.

Our food finally arrives.  Again, she brings us four plate settings for five people, completely skipping over the girl that didn't get a water.  At this point, we all conclude that she doesn't like her.  The girl asks for silverware, and again, her water.  

My mom and I order the $18 fajitas.  I figured $18 fajitas would be large enough for us to share.  I WAS WRONG.  The was the most SKIMPIEST plate of fajitas I have ever seen, but double the price.  My mom eats like a bird and even commented, "it's not even enough for me, let alone two people."  We had to dig through the peppers to find a couple of slivers of steak, it was PATHETIC!  We ate what we could and concluded we would be making a Jack in the Box run after our movie.

Eventually my friend got her fork and knife, but never got her water.  In the end... we had to ask for her to rinse our fish bowls... but she never returned.  We waited so long we had to ask someone to get our waitress so we could pay and go.  She returned with our check but not our fish bowls.  We also asked her to split the check in the beginning, but she didn't do this.  She was annoyed when we reminded her we wanted our check split.  After we all paid and were ready to go... we had to wait again.  Finally she showed up and we reminded her about our fish bowls.  "OH YEAH!"  Five minutes later she returned with our fish bowls completely wet... but whatever.  I couldn't get out of that place fast enough.

I would never recommend this place to anyone, neither will I ever go back!!