okay so I haven't yelped in a while and let me tell you I have a lot to yelp about!

My boyfriend and I went here on Sunday and got the worst service ever!!!! I actually called and complained about it to 2 different stores because when I called this Bell road store to complain they said there was no manager and the girl who answered was the girl I wanted to complain about so DUH I wasn't going to tell her my complaint so she could pass it on to no one so that is why I called the other locations which No one ever called me back soooo... we will never be going back here. 

So on Sunday we went here and yes they were a little busy. Our order was taken within a few minutes and then we proceeded to the salsa bar which either the person before us made a huge mess or the thing hadn't been cleaned in a while. My boyfriend and I ordered the EXACT same thing... chicken taco plate, flour tortillas, mild salsa, add onion. Simple right??? Okay so the taco plates comes with a small bag of chips.... I asked him if I could get a small side of guac for my tacos- he then asked "do you want the 8oz size with chips"... and I told him NO... my meal comes with chips I just want a small side. (which I have gotten before and I think it was like 1.50 or so.) So me not paying attention to the receipt didn't realize that yes indeed he did (even though he asked me and I said NO) charged me for the 8oz with chips. Now like I said I just wanted a little guac for my tacos. Which not to mention the guac isn't really all that great. The tacos are good, the service is bad. 

Sooooooooooooo anyways after we get our salsa we then sit down at a table to wait for our food. Pretty much every single open table was dirty too. Almost immediatly after sitting down a plate comes up in the window and is put under the heating lamp. About 5 minutes goes by and that same plate is still sitting up there. Okay so now the girl working puts that 5 min old plate in a bag and sets it there on the counter. And now about another 5 minutes goes by and a plate comes up in the window and she gets it and puts it in the bag with the old plate. And of course... my luck... it's our food! Okay now like I said before... we ordered the EXACT same thing! So now why did one come up in two minutes and the other take 10???  

So trying not to be rude but KNOWING that that 10 min old 5 minutes sitting in a bag food was going to be COLD.... I asked her "why did the one come up so fast and the other take so long and they are the exact same thing... isn't that one going to be cold since it has been sitting in a bag for like 10 minutes".... and she so rudely said "I DONT KNOW".... I don't know???? really????? are you kidding me... that was her answer. So I said again "isn't that one going to be cold"... I'm sorry but I don't go out to get cold food... and she said again even more rudely "I DONT KNOW". Uummmmmmmmmmm I think that should have been the point where she had them remake the food so it would be hot or something. 

Okay so then back to the guac.... So like I said I had realized that he had charged me for the 8oz when I only wanted the small side...  So I then mentioned to the RUDE girl that "hey you guys charged me for the large side when I only wanted the small side".... and she said "WELL IT'S PRETTY MUCH THE SAME"... ??????? what really???? it's totally not the same. You guys are now charging me for chips when my meal comes with a small bag. yes it was a lot more chips then we usually get but the point is... We didn't want them! So then I mentioned to her that my meal comes with chips and that I didn't want to buy extra chips and then SHE TURNS AROUND... GRABS THE TWO SMALL BAGS OF CHIPS THAT THE MEAL COMES WITH, BASICALLY SMASHES THEM IN HER HAND WHILE SHOVING THEM AT ME, AND PRETTY MUCH SAYS... HERE'S YOUR CHIPS. 

Like I said... the tacos are good - BUT NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME TO COME BACK AND BE TREATED LIKE GARBAGE BY SOME GIRL. I am a paying customer that doesn't like to pay for cold food, be charged extra for something that I didn't order, call to talk to a manager and be told that there is no manager, call and complain to not one but TWO different locations and be told by TWO different locations that a manager will call me back and have TWO different locations NOT CALL ME BACK! 

WILL NEVER GO BACK!