I thought long and hard about writing this review.  My favorite bartender (John) worked here for a while, so I came here two times before I wrote this.

I am so unhappy with how this experience turned out.  Let's get to the food. It was amazing. No complaints on either visit. The atmosphere and the food are top notch and you couldn't ask for a better concept (except maybe not a Starbucks on the corner, but I digress...)

It's the service I am reviewing so poorly I would give them negative stars.  We arrived one afternoon to an empty bar. It was a Sunday afternoon and there was one other couple there. Three servers behind the bar milling around between what looked like bookkeeping, cashiering and supporting the wait staff for tables.  There was one very busy wait person in the dining area who we thought appeared to care (woman, tattoos, short hair, super responsive to her tables.)  That's it.

We were at the bar and it was stupid. We were ignored for nearly 10 minutes. Ignored.  No one even said Hi. Then we got a hello and ordered drinks. They came up, but we never got chips, salsa or menus.  Another 3-4 minutes we asked for menus and water.  The menus came. No water.  Then 10 minutes later (literally an entire quarter of the football game) we asked if we could order dinner...that took some considering but they agreed we could.  We ordered and then waited. Everyone around us started streaming in and got water, chips, salsa, even napkins!  I was getting jealous so I asked for chips and napkins. Eventually I got chips and then the folks next to us got food and we hadn't even been asked if we would like to place an order.

Honestly it got more stupid after that.  I got my food, my husband never got his food. We shared my tacos and then his food came up, but not his sides. Then later his sides came.  Literally 5 different people brought us 5 different plates of something and then we got water  - finally. 

I have no idea why we had no bartender and I asked for John and apparently he is gone. Well, so are we now. I am sorry.  I love your corn and tacos. Hugs.