I used to go to the Blu Agave in old town Scottsdale, so I was really looking forward to ordering food from here to go last night!

First, I googled Blu Agave and couldn't find their website.  It kept bringing up the Mayo Blvd restaurant, which I later found out has an entirely different menu.  It's too bad because I really wanted to order the Kettle Carne!

I finally found their actual website through Yelp.  I was a little bummed to see it wasn't the same menu, but I decided to order the Carne Asada Burro.  I grabbed the phone number, jumped in my car, and called from the car.  After being sent to a voicemail twice, finally someone picked up.  When I asked to order to go, they put me on hold for a very long time.  Finally, when someone came on to take my order I asked for the Carne Asada burro.  He informed me that they have a limited summer menu and it isn't on the menu.  I told him that since I'm in the car and don't have access to the menu, what would he recommend.  He suggested the carne asada tacos.  I told him I'd like rice and beans too and he said it came with it.  Great.

When I come into the restaurant (on a Saturday night at 8pm), it is completely dead.  There was not 1 person sitting at a table!  There was no hostess or anyone around.  I had to walk all the way to the back where the bar was.  There were about 10 people sitting around the bar with really obnoxiously loud music playing.  The bartender came out with my food and I paid and left.

When I got home and opened my food container, I was really disappointed.  I wish I had taken a picture.  It was pathetic.  There was a little bit of meat on top of a tortilla at the bottom, with some tomatoes and other things.  That's it.  I can't believe I spent $14 on that!  What happened to the rice and beans too?

I didn't care for the tortilla, so I just ate the carne asada with a fork.  It was good, but not $14 good.  I can realistically see spending maybe $4 on this meal.  It was nothing.

What a let down.  I should have just gone to Chipotle, spent $6 and gotten a ton more food for that price.

After reading all these reviews, I would stear clear of this place and go elsewhere....