Cinco de Mayo at La Unica-Plaza Midwood was, hands down, the WORST dining experience of my life.

We were going with a fairly large group (10 people), so my friend called and made a reservation two weeks in advance. Whoever she talked to said "no problem" and gave her the impression that a reservation was scheduled. She later emailed La Unica to confirm the reservation and received no response. Therefore, she went to the restaurant in person to confirm the reservation and was told no reservations would be taken for Cinco de Mayo. I don't know if the original person she talked to had a language barrier or a policy was not set in a timely manner, but that should not have occurred. She asked what we should do to get seating and they told her just arrive 15-20 minutes early.

Our group arrived at the restaurant at 6:15 and were not seated until 7:45. By that point, we were starving and in bad moods. We were also annoyed that our original reservation was not honored. The reason it took so long to get seated is because there were only specific booths that would accommodate our group (which ended up being 7 people) and other customers were lingering. Restaurant staff should have politely explained the situation to those guests to motivate them to stand up or leave. We also presented alternate options to get seated faster such as pushing other tables together or splitting our group up and our suggestions were brushed off by the hostesses.

Once we got a table, some of us had to stand and wait while they scrounged up some chairs for us. Our table was also slanted and only stayed straight if I leaned on it.

Once we were seated, it took 45 minutes to get our drinks after asking about them 2-3 times. We asked the waitress approximately 3 times to please take our food order and she kept saying "in a minute" or "please wait." So, we did not get to put our orders in until about 8:45 p.m. People who were seated after us got their food before us. By 9:45, we had not received our food and just asked for our food to be boxed and for our checks to be brought.

At one point, I presented the above facts to a manager. She did not seem particularly concerned and did not do anything to remedy the situation. Talking to us or comping some of our food would have been nice. Instead, the overworked waitress muttered some half-hearted apology.

After waiting an obscene amount of time for food and checks, we eventually got up and left the restaurant. We did not want to just walk out like that, but we felt we had no choice, having lives and jobs to attend to.

So, in sum, we were at La Unica nearly four hours and were seated for over two hours with NO FOOD. I understand it was busy and a holiday, but it was beyond ridiculous! It left a bad taste in my mouth. 

We left extremely disappointed, woozy, and hangry. We would have been better off with some lime-a-ritas and Taco Bell in a parking lot.