One star too many! I have frequented Los dos in Phoenix several times. This was my 2nd time to the Tukee location and I will never return.  First time was when it first opened. It was okay then but nothing too special. This trip was like something you'd see on a RI show! Walking up should have been our first clue. The patio looked like a junk yard. I get it's chili roasting season but what's with a bench on top of a table, mess everywhere dead plants in pots surrounding the patio just scary gross. The main entrance is now closed off with a sign telling you to go through the patio so ya really could not miss that eyesore.  It gets worse. Upon entering the room is very drab and dark. Only two other tables have folks seated. None looked too happy to be there but hey it's a work night ... Oh no happy hour going in in this place...didn't even see the bar anymore since that room was draped off. Anyway, back to the bad service.  Waiter told us to sit anywhere. Looking around we should have left but figured to give the place a chance if I could. Again, keep in mind, I'm comparing the food and service to the Phoenix location in my mind.  We sit at a table where there's one chair and a bench against the wall. As I sat down I realized there was a cable jack behind me that the cover was cracked off the wall.  Figured I'll be sitting straight the entire time. 
Waiter gets us water and hands us some menus and walks away. Didn't even offer if we wanted anything else to drink. He swings back by with some chips and salsa and asks if wear ready to order. Ok, I'll have the beef taco Combo and the bf ordered the green chili beef burrito. Poof, waiter gone.  While we waited I seriously was surfing the web trying to find out if the place had any health violations and what they were!
About 20 minutes later food arrives. BFs burrito looks ok. Nothing fancy but not looking for fancy, just good food. Burro is jam packed with beef and the green chili is to be expected fire hot! Ok, taco combo...eh, had much better at filibertos. The beef tasted funny. It was dry and tough and could have been a couple days old. Didn't taste quite right. Rice was even older, I'd say probably 3-4 days old.  Beans were mediocre and the cheese enchilada was all tortilla with melted cheese on top. 
I highly recommend to NOT go here. Save your money, save your stomach, save your time!! If you want Mexican, filibertos is up in the foothills or Arribas is down the road a bit.  This place needs to close its doors!