I know this is gonna sound a bit HARSH, especially considering the LOW prices here.

I only tried the tacos.  They have A LOT on their menu, so maybe they specialize in that OTHER stuff more than the tacos themselves...

First of all, the tacos and cheap.  Probably some of the cheapest in town at around a buck and a quarter.  They are very small street tacos style, double tortilla.  Just figure how many you usually eat, and add 50% more to get full.  But at the low prices, that's acceptable.

Started off with the Al Pastor....DRY and CRISPY...their rotisserie wasn't spinning, and it was OVERCOOKING the meat!!  I don't believe I've EVER had a dry Al Pastor...there is usually plenty of fat in the marinade, slowly cooking on the spit, and constantly dripping down those juices on the rest of the meat.  Not this one.

Yes, the tacos are small and inexpensive, but they are a little SKIMPY on the pineapple...ONE CHUNK??  Look at the pic to see what I am talking about....I had ONE small piece of pineapple on my entire taco.  At least mince my single tiny piece to make it look like there is more on my taco!

The Asada was better. I thought their Asada was good, but it was also DRY...they probably have it cooked already and let it sit on the stove to keep warm.

They forgot my Chorizo taco I ordered, and when I told the lady that brought out our food, I presumed she was going to bring me one.  Well she never did, so I had to go back up there and requested one.  I presumed I would be put in the front of the list considering I already paid, already had ALL the rest of my food, and I was standing there waiting for my SINGLE taco...but I waited for almost 5min before it came out.  Yeah, for a taco.

Too bad it wasn't worth the wait...the Chorizo was super dry, no fat/grease/oil at all...I don't even think my tortilla turned that beautiful orange hue I love in Chorizo.  Yes, THAT dry.

Why is all the meat dry??  You guys were BUSY today...grand opening weekend!  Shouldn't everything be FRESH right now??  What's it gonna be like 4 months from now, at 8pm and you're the only customer there??

Pass