This place is pretty new, and I get that, but it was a huge disappointment. 

I live in an apartment across the street so I was so excited for this place to open. I got the steak taco and chicken taco..taste was very bland. Rice and beans were okay. I was not a fan of the food at all. I went with three other people. Someone at our table got the quesadilla which was not bad and the grilled corn looked pretty good. 

The service was not much better. Our waitress was terrible but the "water girl" was on point. By the end of our meal we were ready to close out. We had three checks come to the table. Two of them were wrong, so she took them back and adjusted them. We then gave her our cards to pay for the food. When she came back, my friend was charged $14.99 for a $9 meal. My friend confronted our waitress, who then took the card back and said she adjusted it. She came back with what appeared to be a check that was charged the correct amount but when my friend checked her bank account, she was now charged another $15 on top of the $14.99. We're up to $30 for a $9 meal. She spoke with the manager who apologized and said he would fix it. He gave us his business card and told us to call him if it was still an issue on Monday. 

So, Monday comes...and the $14.99 charge was still there. But now the $15 charge became a $29 charge... So now it's $45 for a $9 meal. How does that happen? We went into the restaurant later that day to speak with the GM and he apologized and credited her the money. He even credited the $9 for the meal, which he should have done the first time. He said it might take several days. All the money was eventually credited back but I still have no clue how and why this happened. It could have been an issue with their system, but it was most likely an inexperienced waitress. 

Maybe I just had really high hopes for this place. It's a shame because they are at such a great location. I am willing to give it another try. I will definitely edit this review after I do so.