ew.

I love roberto's.. but this particular location was a hot mess.  it could've been because we were there after a long night of gambling and it was pretty late..  but, it doesn't matter what time it is.  if your a 24 hour joint.. u better make sure it looks the way it did when u first opened!

let me paint a mental picture of my first impression: the first thing u see when u walk in is the the salsa bar which looked like it hadn't been replenished in 30 years.  the tables looked unkept.. and there was no employee in sight. 

we walked in pretty buzzed and really hungry.. so you could definitely hear us come in.  we didn't come
in with ninja footsteps.  [it was a good night of gambling with friends.. so 'spirits' were high. literally.] we tried not to be so annoying  and brought it down a little for the 4 patrons eating their food when we walked in. [teenagers mind u, I'm sure they didn't mind us knuckleheads.]

so while we waited for someone to come out and help us,  we took the opportunity to scope the menu.. even though we knew what we wanted and knew the menu.  the point is, no one was there to help us... so we had time.

it took forever for this kat to come out!  the f'd up part was we could kinda see him in a back room visible from the counter, sitting on a chair.  we had to hoot and hollar for him to help us.. [another minute and I was about to go and see if I could help him!]  but alas, he finally comes to and takes our order without apologizing for the wait.  boo.

1/2 star for: DRIVE THRU.  [and it only gets half because we waited for
our food outside, and watched a car waiting to take an order for about 10 to 15 minutes.  i don't know if the speaker was off... or the man inside went to sit back down.. but, really? 

[if I were waiting that long I would've gotten out of my car while it was still parked in the drive thru.  it's better off as a parking space..]

anyway.... I will not return to this particular location.  thank goodness this is not my neighborhood roberto's because it sucks!