I always like to start with the good so I will say that this place offers great people watching and the gawking factor definitely gets high marks. If you are looking to drink cocktails and view the work of Scottsdale's finest plastic surgeons, this is the place for you. If you are expecting a nice restaurant, not so much.
 
We arrived at the restaurant and it appeared that there was only valet parking available. At first we were ignored, but were finally informed that valet parking was closed. However, it was open to the BMW behind us. Thankfully we were not driving an old car or they might have called the police to remove our apparent poorness from the parking lot.
 
We stepped inside the restaurant where the DJ stands next to the host. Apparently this is a warning that loud techno music will inhibit patrons' ability to have a conversation. I told the host that we had a reservation for 7:30 pm and he said that it was for 6 pm and they couldn't hold the table that long. There was some back and forth here as I explained that someone from our party received a confirmation call from the restaurant earlier that day for the reservation we had for 7:30. In the end, the host was only a little condescending and that could be my fault because I didn't get the memo about this being a "dress-up" kind of restaurant and arrived wearing business casual.
 
After about a 30 minute wait, we were seated at a table so small that four of us were seated on the corners and we were so close to the bar behind us that every time a server walked by we all got bumped. Our server arrived to take our drink order and we, all 10 of us, were trying to get a look at the cocktail menu. We asked for an additional cocktail menu but were told there were no more.
 
Our entrees arrived one at a time and every food and drink item was delivered by a server standing at the head of the table and yelling "Who ordered the___!!" That was fantastic as we must have ordered 40 things between drinks, appetizers, and entrees. Considering the price of the food, I think I can reasonably expect the wait staff to remember to which position the food should be delivered.
 
As for the food itself, some things were good, like the tacos and the rock shrimp. Some things were really bad, like the ramen and the chicken mole. The portions were small, but this was expected.
 
There are some really fantastic restaurants in Scottsdale where you can get awesome food and excellent service. Also, you can generally get a viewing of the same beautiful people just about anywhere in Scottsdale. Go to the places where you can get the 3-in-1.