Please do not go here! My boyfriend and I decided to go on a Sunday evening. Figuring there would probably be a wait, we had already planned to go to the bar for their VIP margaritas while we had to wait for our table (this was going to be our 2nd time visiting the restaurant). We checked in with the host who said the wait would be about 20 minutes, which we expected. We made our way to the bar to order our drinks and wait. Unfortunately, there were only two bartenders behind the bar on a pretty busy night. One of the bartenders was doing his best not to make eye contact with anyone and walked around behind the bar, constantly checking the machine where the servers drink orders come up (in the 20 minutes we waited at the bar only one ticket came through), while the other bartender leisurely took people's drink orders, but mostly watched the golf that was playing on the TV at the bar. We waited for 10 minutes before even being acknowledged by a bartender, and when we finally made eye contact with him he put his finger up and mouthed "one minute"....That minute passed, and he never came back. FINALLY we saw the manager come behind the bar and we were excited we were finally going to get our drinks, only to find him and the bartender who 10 minutes ago told us "one minute" stand behind the bar, and watch the golf together. My boyfriend and I looked at each other, baffled, and wondered why they did not want our business (we were going to be ordering $12 drinks each). We decided to give it another minute. When the bartender finally cameo our way, and progresses to a few people that had recently walked up to the bar, and were ordering sodas, we decided that it was not worth all of this time to be ignored. We took our pager back up to the host stand, said that we had been waiting over 15 minutes for drinks and had not even been greeted by a bartender, or the manager, the host said "sorry about that" and took our pager. In my experience in the restaurant industry, you never let a customer leave unhappy. Feeling totally insulted we decided to leave, we walked to Paco's Tacos and Tequila on the other side of the mall and had one of the best Mexican meals ever. We will NEVER go to San Antonio's again and we tell EVERYONE how AWFUL this place is. Do not waste your money on this restaurant! You are better off going to Paco's Tacos and Tequila! I wish I could give them zero stars, that is how awful this restaurant is.