Let's start by saying that "Tradiciones" no longer exists and now the place is called "Mariscos Vuelve La Vida".   The Spanish translation to this phrase is "Seafood gives Life".   Ironically, this is what this restaurant is missing... life.  Made the mistake of taking some out of town relatives to eat here.  One in the party had been here before when it was Tradiciones and fell in love with the patio and the "Mexicaness" of it all.  Is Mexicaness a word?  I don't think so but I like it.   We ordered fried tilapia, fried red snapper, two chicken quesadillas, one carne asada platter, one chicken burrito, one Modelo Negro beer and one margarita.  All the dishes were accompanied by a fake yellow rice and refried beans.  These have to be addressed first.  I say fake yellow rice because they were trying to make the typical mexican rice but failed.  The rice was plain, saltless white rice with a few peas in it.  A mexican place that doesn't know how to make a flavorful yellow rice?? Shame, shame muchachos.  What a flavorless scoop of I don't know what!  Really?  I told the cook I would gladly come by free of charge and teach the cooks how to make really really good yellow rice but she just listened and then said she would tell the cook.  
And now for the refried beans.  Mushy, flavorless, saltless something.  If I had had a blindfold I NEVER would have guess I was eating beans.  Beans can be soooo delicious made with tender loving care and seasoned properly with garlic, onions and yes...something called salt.  
Then for the carne asada, AKA, shoe leather.  Thin slices of beef with NO salt or pepper, or any seasoning for that matter.  Telling the waitress that it was overcooked and tough when she asked how the food was did not help.  She just walked away.  Was she muttering "that's how we always make it" under her breath as she walked away?  The two fried fish dishes lacked salt, were overcooked and a tad greasy.  The quesadilla & burrito were passable but nothing  worth a return visit.  However, the MODELO NEGRO beer was EXCELLENT and that's how this restaurant earned its ONE star rating.  
BTW, the chips were fresh and plentiful.  So if you want to go to a restaurant just for chips and water, you are good to go at this place.
MARISCOS VUELVE LA VIDA, contrary to its name, will be on its last legs shortly. We should start calling the EMT's now and give it some mouth to mouth.  It is going to need it.