The location of this restaurant needs to be updated.  They moved and changed the name to Taco Loco: http://www.news-gazette.com/news/business/restaurants/2012-11-20/el-toro-urbana-moves-gets-new-name.html 
The decor in this place still smells faintly of wet paint, and somewhat reminiscent of La Bamba in Champaign, if much brighter.  In the table, beneath the top layer, there appeared to be a footprint in the under layer.  Weird.
The waiter immediately asked us if we were ready to order, and when we said we needed more time, came over about every 2 minutes to ask if we were ready yet.  It wasn't "Do you have any questions?" or "Can I help you find something to your tastes?" but just "Are you ready to order yet?" every time.
We were brought chips and salsa and I ordered a bean dip to go with it.  The salsa was mediocre at best, and the bean dip was lukewarm and a soupy mix of queso and beans.  We were not brought appetizer plates, and so it was challenging to eat these without dripping.
The food came out unreasonably fast.  I can only imagine that they keep food in a warmer and not cooked to order, since food that comes out that fast should be HOT.
I ordered the Quesadilla Roja with ground beef.  The plate contained a folded tortilla, scorched on the bottom, and filled with a ground beef that was a bland version of Taco Bell beef and a smidgen of queso.  The other half of the plate was filled with shredded lettuce, a half slice of underripe tomato, a generous dollop of sour cream, and a teaspoon, maybe, of what they call their "Special Red Sauce," which seemed to be nothing more than chili powder added to tomato paste and thinned.  I had a pepsi with that which came in a glass with a crack in it.
My dining partner had a Burrito Loco, which was about a foot long, covered in cheese sauce, and came with as much rice.  He wasn't impressed, but I declined to taste it to compare.  He also ordered a margarita which had this tiny bit of salt on the rim, and he said it very sweet, but it didn't seem to have a noticeable amount of tequila in it.
Compared to the time I dined at the old location, this is a very poor showing, and I will not be returning to give them a second chance, since the staff seemed marginally friendly, but indifferent at best.