If I could give this place zero stars I would. I just finished my $24.09 shrimp quesadilla with beans and rice and drink and it was incredibly disappointing! After a recommendation from a good friend we decide to do a late night dinner. We were greeted by an officer of the Phoenix police department before we even got to the front door. Worrisome?! Once we walk through the doors my eardrums were assaulted with extremely loud music. I'm all for setting a mood but the restaurant was packed with all but 3 tables and us. Not the best group of 7 dinner date atmosphere. We had to scream over the "tunes". After waiting for what felt like 20 minutes for our waitress to come over we finally placed our order. I knew the shrimp quesadilla cost $12.99 and the drink was $1.99. High but willing to pay after the waitress said it was a decent plate serving. I also added rice and beans. The meal came out quickly but my white rice was adorned with wrinkly peas and one random Lima bean... Odd. The quesadilla was soggy and there was hardly any shrimp in it. We continually asked for the music to be turned down and we kindly ignored. RUDE! Right before the check came they decided it was a good idea to have a full mariachi band play to all but 9 people. So loud I thought my ears were bleeding. Then the bills come out. We asked to pay separate. No big deal. Then she proceeded to hand out our bills. I looked at the price and nearly fell off my chair. She had added the total of everyone's meals and put a 10% gratuity on it! Not cool!!!! Then I see a charge for $4 for a drink. I asked the waitress what the charge was and she proceeded to tell me that after 9pm the drinks are no longer $1.99. Everyone got water at that same price as well. Never heard of a $4 glass of water. She never mentioned this, nor did it say anything about that on their menu... Pretty petty if you ask me. Now it totally makes sense why there was no one in this place on a Friday night! I'm so disappointed and feel like I have been taken advantage of. I'm a good tipper and usually look past "petty" stuff but this was the worst dining experience I've had. Ever!