I have to start by saying "I love Pollo Loco!" BUT I would NEVER GO BACK TO THIS ONE!!  We were at GCU in Phoenix, AZ and wanted to go to a Pollo Loco because we do not have Pollo Locos in our town. 

In my opinion, this place DOES NOT DESERVE to be in the Pollo Loco Franchise! From the outside it is apparent that this store is run down. When we went inside, we got the same feeling. But we love Pollo Loco's food, so we were willing to go forward with our order. We ordered and sat down. The minute we sat down, we knew something was wrong. It was hot and stuffy. We got our order and took it to our table. That is when we really became uncomfortable. It was so hot in the restaurant, that we started sweating. We were trying to enjoy our food but it was just so uncomfortable. Some people next to us overheard and told us that they had complained to the manager but he told them the a/c was broken and just blew them off. I went up to tell the manager and he said the same thing. I told him that they should have put a sign on the door so people could decide whether they wanted to eat there, in those condition. He did not offer to comp the meal, not even to give us a refund so we could go to another place that had working a/c. Mind you, we were in Phoenix and it was about 110. It felt like it was over 90 degrees inside the restaurant! 

I got the district manager's (DM) info to call him and let him know what a terrible experience we were having in his restaurant. He explained the a/c was out, someone had been called to fix it and ok. I told him, there is another customer at the table right next to me who was also upset about how hot is was. He said "yeah, I know. I already talked to them. He just DID NOT CARE. I told him "Ok, I just wanted to let you know because the other customer and I were both going to do the survey to let the company know how bad our experience was. Then he said what can I do to make you happy. I said "nothing at this point. 

OK, no problem. Chalk it up to a bad experience. But then, I noticed a broken window with a wet floor pylon right next to it. And, I wondered.... Has someone also been called to fix that broken window or is this how this particular store is run - things break down and they just let them go to save money? 

So, I took a picture of the broken window, the dirty salsa bar, and the dirty floor behind the counter. This is where it really went south and got weird. My husband and I left the store and were driving down the road when we get a phone call from the DM that I had just spoken to. He says "I talked to you earlier and I want my manager to comp your meal". I told him it was too late because we had already left. This is when he told me "i just want you to know that this Pollo Loco is incorporated and if you write a review on trip advisor and some other review site, then you will be getting a phone call from our lawyer. I asked him if he was threatening me and he said no but my employees said you were taking pictures we have you on camera. I said "good."  He said something like - if you use those pictures, you will be getting a phone call from our lawyers. I told him good-bye. I called the 877 customer service number. Told the customer service rep what had happened. 

About 10 minutes later I get a phone call from someone who says they are from corporate in California.   He starts the conversation out well, concerned, apologetic.  Then he starts to defend the situation regarding the broken down a/c and the manager and DM.  Then he tells me something like, I did review the videos and saw you taking pictures in the restaurant and just want you to know that what the DM said is correct.  He goes on to say something like "this is private property and you can not take pictures."  I told him that I thought when they opened the door and invited guests in, they gave up their right to call something private.  He explained that they had already had a case where a disgruntled customer posted a bad review along with pictures was sued by Pollo Loco because some employees in the photos were under 18 and did not want their pictures used.  I understand but that was not the case in my situation.  Our conversation went on and then he went back to the pictures.  I stopped him and told him he did not need to repeat his threat.  I ask his name and title.  He told me he was Security Guest Service.  Does anyone know if this is a legit position at Pollo Loco?

I do not know what is going on with this Pollo Loco????  I will never return to this location.  I call out the CEO of Pollo Loco to do an undercover boss at this location!!!!  Hit like if you agree.