Went to Crescent to see some music for Viva Phoenix Festival.   Needless to say the GENERAL MANAGER'S actions and attitude will prevent me from returning.  

I was attempting to wait for a friend on the sidewalk outside of the ballroom so I made my way out there with a plastic cup of water.  The bouncer stopped me and told me I couldn't bring drinks out side. 

I responded "it's only water"

"it doesn't matter" he replied.  

I said; "really?" as I turned around to finish the water prior to throwing the cup away.  

As I was standing there a tall man started to yell at me (Completely unsolicited).  He first said "drink the water and get the f*** out of here"

I turned and replied "there is no reason to yell at me" 
To which he responded "we're talking about 4 oz's of water.  Drink it and get the f*** out of here"  

Again I asked him to stop yelling at me and he went ballistic. Yelling and screaming all kinds of things.  At this point I wasn't paying a great deal of attention to the words he was using but more his body language and volume.  I was literally stunned that someone would get so bent out of shape about a cup of water.   As I was leaving he pushed me on the left shoulder while muttering "get the f*** out of here"

Its also note worthy that I was not drunk in the slightest and only had one beverage prior to that point in the night.  I was being calm and respectful to the bouncer.  The bouncer was polite back to me and was only trying to do his job.  

I was told from someone that works at Crescent that the man whom yelled at me and assaulted me on my way out was indeed the GENERAL MANAGER.  

It says a lot about a place when the GM goes nuts on a paying customer when there wasn't any reason to do so.  All of the other staff I dealt with on this occasion and previous occasions are always awesome and  relaxed.  

I am going to attempt to contact the owner of the club to let him or her know they has a loose cannon as their GM.  Its really sad that the person that is supposed to be in control of a bar is the one in the least control of themselves.  

The venue is great.  The service staff was awesome.  Most notably Kitty and Jess were very polite and helpful.   The bouncers were stern but just doing their jobs. 

If I return to this club it will be because of good music.  I won't spend a dime aside from the cover charge which supports the bands.  I won't recommend my musician friends to play there &  I won't recommend my friends or family go there for a drink or some eats.  If the GM can't handle himself then I think it says a whole lot about the establishment.  There are a lot of other great places downtown to suit your social needs.  Try The Vig on 4th and Fillmore or Seamus Mccaffreys on Monroe and 2nd.