I went through the the drive through and paid with a $20 bill. The cashier rang it us as a $10 bill and gave me change for $10 and not $20. I tried to get her attention right away but she shut the drive through window and turned away from me and left the window. She came back with my order and I asked her for the rest of my change. She insisted I had given her a $10 bill and I insisted it was a $20 bill. She refused to budge so the manager came over and said he would have to count the cash in the drawer to see if it balanced. He assured me it balanced and I must have given the cashier a $10 and not a $20. I reinforced that I was certain I had handed her a $20 bill and not a $10. Since the line of cars was backing up and I had to get back to work I left disgruntled and without my change. After I got back to work I called the restaurant and insisted it was a $20 and they owed me the $10. I know exact what I had in my wallet and I know I gave a $20 for the food. I asked the manager (Andy) to take my number and call me after he balanced the cash drawer at the end of the day. He called and admitted the drawer was over by $10 and he would give me the money back. I had to go into the store the next day and ask for him. I went in the next day and he gave me back the $10 and then I left. What bothered me so much about this is the lack of customer service. The cashier should never have said I was wrong about the denomination I gave her. She should have left the $20 on the register and had it there to confirm the correct change. The manager should not have wasted my time by disputing the $10. We all make mistakes. He did the right thing by calling me and having me pick up the $10 owed me. If the manager were in top of his game he would have bent over backwards to make it right and offered me some kind of compensation for having to come back and pick up my change. He didn't offer me anything but the $10. This is terrible customer service. Had I been offered some compensation for my time and energy for being inconvenienced I would not be writing this review. Good good!!  Really??  Was it worth the $10 for calling a customer wrong and even after admitting fault and paying the customer back, the damage is done. I'll never go back. I don't care how good the food might be, if the management is quibbling over $10 and not trying to go out of their way to make it right then this place needs some education in customer service and public relations. Sorry El Pollo Loco, don't think I'll be back when there are other options. Thanks for realizing your mistake and paying me back what was mine. The old saying "the customer is always right" should be taught to your employees and management. My degree is in Hospitality Management and I know I could teach the management and employees something about customer relations. Funny how a simple little "coupon" or "free dish" would have prevented this review. I do not recommend this restaurant.