Ate here twice on our trip to Vegas last week. La Salsa Cantina @ Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile Shops. First trip was good. Food was hot (we had the $3.95 breakfast special and a delicious chorizo breakfast burrito) and service was pretty good. Because of the good experience we opted to come back the next morning. Boy was that a mistake!!!!! 

We waited for our waitress for about 10 minutes before she even greeted us. When we got our meal, two of us had Breakfast burritos with chorizo again. Once I bit into it I had a large piece of burnt (beyond recognition) meat. I took another bite and found more burnt meat. The meat was burnt so bad once you touched it, it crumbled like charcoal. 

I could not tell if at one point it use to be chorizo or breakfast sausage. It was also supposed to come with cheese but it had no cheese. I started to open my burrito and noticed ALL of the meat was completely charred, burnt! The other burrito had NO meat in it except one burnt piece and again no cheese in that burrito either. 

We called the waitress over to show her all of the burnt meat and that one didn't even have meat in it and that they had no cheese wasn't even sure if it they were the right burritos to begin with but whatever they were we weren't going to eat them. She said let me have them make you another one. By this time it had taken so long for us to get our food we weren't really in the mood for it anymore so we told her to just have them make us one burrito and we would share it so we could get on our way out. The rest of our family had already finished their plates by this time and we hadn't even had more than two bites.

She came out with one burrito and it was pretty good. Almost tasted as good as the one the day before but not quite but at least it didn't contain charcoal remnants. Once she gave us the bill she charged us for two burritos. We told her we only ended up eating one so she had to take the other one off. She comes back 5 minutes later and argues that we ordered two burritos. I tell her yes we ordered two but received two badly burnt, unedible burritos and we ended up only eating one after she had the kitchen make us a new one. She said because we had bitten into the first two burritos she was charging us for those. 

I told her if we didn't start to taste it how would we know that the contents inside the burrito were completely burnt? She said well you just shouldn't have eaten it. If our cooks make you two we will charge you for what you order. I said, I don't know who in their right mind will eat burnt food and then pay for it. We refused the plates once we noticed the food was burnt. She continued to argue with us that it didn't matter how the food came out we were going to get charged for what we ordered. I said your problem isn't with me, tell your cooks not to give you burnt food then all will be well. She went ahead and took off one burrito although from the beginning she should have comped both plates and not argued with us when we had digested horrible charcoal for our breakfast.

Skip this place and go elsewhere!