Extremely disappointed.  I have frequented this Rubio's for years.  

On my last visit there ever, I  watched every second of the near Halloween horror:  my carry out order was brought to another table, to an elderly couple who were obviously dining in.  When the front counter guy asked if they were carrying out, they said they didn't care.  

I watched them open the carry out boxes.  I watched them take the boxes to the salsa counter.  I watched them take a bite from the boxes.  I watched them shut the boxes when the counter guy realized that he brought them the wrong order when their order was finally ready and called out at the front counter.  

I WATCHED IN HORROR AS HE RAN OVER TO THEIR TABLE AND TOLD THEM THAT THEY RECEIVED THE WRONG ORDER, AND HE CLOSED  THEIR BOXES AND BROUGHT THEM TO MY TABLE AND HANDED THEM TO ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I was.....horrified.  I was in shock.  I said:  um, I'm not taking that if they put stuff on it, and I know they put stuff on it and took a bite.  
 
The counter guy opened up the box and said, I don't see any stuff on it.  it is fine.
He closed the box and handed it back to me.  
 
Another customer walked passed me and I glanced at him in horror, hoping to get some kind of compassion and sympathy.  He stared back at me with no emotion.
 
I turned to the counter guy and said, I really don't want to take the boxes if they put stuff on it.  He says, I don't see that they put anything on it.  It's fine.  And he laughed.  It doesn't matter to me if he laughed at me or thought it was funny, but it was NOT funny.
 
I walk out of the store DAZED and IN SHOCK with the two boxes.  
 
Never in my life, even in the dirtiest grossest restaurant have I blatantly experienced anything like this.
 
When I got home, I opend the box to microwave the hell out of the plates thinking I would give it to my dogs;  and there was a foot long hair EMBEDDED across both tacos which I slowly pulled out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! 
 
I can not even make this S*IT UP!!!!!!!
 
I will never, ever go back there ever again.  Good luck suckers.  I hope you take your Cipro. You get what you pay for.   Never ever again.  
 
The only plus was that it was free taco weekend, and the counter guy gave me a free taco, which I threw away after gagging pulling out the embedded hair.  
 
For years, the service was friendly and excellent.  What happened?  :(
 
I'm on my way to Baja Loco.