This is going to be a long review only because this has been the most upset I have been and disappointed in any food related business in a very long time...

I ordered our food over the phone plenty of time before closing and our food was ready to be picked up in five minutes (7:35 pm) which is a half hour before closing. My husband went to pick our order up and brought it back home only to realize, after I looked in the bag, we were short one burrito. After further looking in the order and noticing our burritos were quite flat, they messed up one of our burritos which was to be a bean/cheese/ground beef with tomato/guacamole burrito which the lady repeated back to me twice and just to remind you, one burrito still short. I proceeded to call at 8:02 pm where, come to find out, was the owner that answered saying he was a different restaurant, said they were closed and proceeded to hang up on me. Infuriated, I called back again to hear ringing until, FINALLY, a girl answers and repeats a different restaurant name and says they're closed. I told her I understand that, but we didn't get all the food we paid for along with the wrong burrito. She then said they were closed and could do nothing for us until the next day! 

So, I went in the next day to talk to the manager or owner to get things cleared up which all I was asking for was the burrito to be taken off our card along with the added expenses to making a burrito we never received. The best the manager could do was reimburse the burrito and not make up for their mistake on giving the wrong burrito AND THEN they proceeded to tell me I would have to bring in the burrito from the day before to be reimbursed! I couldn't believe it!! 

Not only was our food given to us incorrectly, we were charged for food we never received, the cook lied about the burrito being correct in the bag, the OWNER hangs up on us without a resolution to the problem they created in the first place along with the manager not making up for their mistakes and still wanting to charge us!