I was looking to get away from the WSOP last night for awhile and stopped by this little Mexican restaurant up the street. What a mistake. I do not like to post terrible reviews unless they are truly warranted. This was my experience.

 When I arrived there was one other table occupied and that should have been a clue. I sat down and after asking for water a gruff man (the owner?)  came back with a water and chips/salsa. The red salsa was the one good part of the night while the green salsa was bland and tasteless. I asked to place my order right away.  I ordered a burrito with green chile(pork) as I usually use this basic dish to judge Mexican restaurants. It was $9.  First I received some starter soup that was was overly salty and plain. Then,  I sat there for about 20 minute in which one additional party arrived and my water ran out. My waiter never came back once during this time. When this other party got their food first(after ordering 10 minutes after me) I began to hope the food would be special to make up for it.

My food finally arrived and that forced the waiter to finally acknowledge the lack of water. My immediate impression was that it looked great, a wet burrito with cheese and green sauce that came with rice/beans. I started on the sides and they were basic and satisfactory. Then I made the mistake of eating the main course. I cut into the burrito and immediately saw it was filled with little cubes of waxy meat. The first taste wasn't any better. It wasn't like any chile verde or green chile I've ever had. There was the hideous meat, overcooked tough chunks of pork. I've never had stewed or marinated pork with this texture/consistency. A few pieces of onion and chiles was also inside but nothing else and there was very little green chile flavor. 

My initial thought was to ask for a refund but I don't like to do that so I literally picked out the meat and ate most of the wet tortilla and cheese only. That's how bad it was, and I still tipped around 15% against my better judgment. I just don't understand how they can serve meat/food this terrible. I've yet to find decent Mexican food in Las Vegas but even this was the bottom of the barrel. The lack of any discernible service was the icing on the fail cake.. Do yourself a favor and avoid this restaurant. I'd rate it a zero if I could.