I was really excited to try Carefree Station, as I love Carefree and that type of atmosphere. We went with friends who said their bunch was very good. The outside patio seemed lovely, and we sat inside. It smelled a little bit walking in (pee-ish), but no biggie. I was excited to meet our friends and try the breakfast/brunch. The waitress asked us if there were any questions about the menu. My boyfriend asked what they were known for and she said.."well....food." I asked if there was any way to get the french toast without the stuffing. She said no, what is on the menu is what you get. This is not "that" type of restaurant. So, it came time to order. I am admittedly very picky, and I have some food allergies/sensitivities, which is why I order things very plain. That doesn't mean I don't like to try new places and things, or that I don't love food as much as everyone else. I had looked at the menu and had found everything too "much" for me, so I asked if I could order the Crepes just completely plain. Not extra, not complicated, just a plain crepe. Something that is actually 10x easier to make then some stuffed, elaborate item. She told me she really didn't think that was possible, and that this was a private restaurant, not a "corporate" restaurant, and you can't just ask for everything customized. In my mind, I am thinking...I rarely go to chains, I frequent private restaurants all the time - from hole in the wall to the most expensive in the valley. No one ever makes such a big deal out of making me something simple. 

Anyhow, she says she needs to go check, and instead brings another "senior" waitress over and asks me to repeat what I had asked for - like it was some sort of blasphemous crazy order that she can't repeat. I said "I would like a plain Crepe with nothing on it if possible" - the next waitress says "what do you mean a plain Crepe" and I clarified. They both stood there making a huge deal about it, saying how the Chef and owner would be horrified to hear this and they would get written up if they put that order in, but that they "guess" they could go back and fall on the sword for me and check. They kept blaming the owner. SO EMBARRASSING for me at this point, they are making such a big deal out of it. She comes back and says it is ok, and the other waitress says to her are you sure? She says yes. Then, I commit the horrible offense of asking for a side of fruit. She steps back and stares me down, and then says that maybe I should just go up to Albertsons! ARE. YOU. KIDDING. ME. I had been extremely nice until this point, and at that I said "I've never been to a breakfast restaurant in the country that won't serve you a side of fruit" and she then agreed to bring it to me. When my Crepe came, it had the fruit on top of it, just kind of like an extra "f-you." They also made a big deal out of one of our friends asking for onions to be left out of his burrito. Throughout our whole meal you could see the two waitresses telling other waiters of my order, with people staring. 

This is not the review of a crazy angry person. I am typically very positive and understanding. You can see that I have a ton of 5-star reviews. But this was just ridiculous. They made me feel embarrassed, like a child. I am a nice, polite grown woman looking to order a plain Crepe. I'm making less work for you, and you get to make a crepe and charge me $13. If you have that much of a problem with it (which I still think would be silly), politely tell me that is not available. 

The crepe was actually very good. My boyfriend's burger was "ok." I will never go back, and would recommend others avoid. I have some great breakfast/brunch recommendations if you'd like! The friends who took us there were mortified and apologized for bringing us there multiple times.