where do I start? I've seen coupons for this place and wanted to try it for a while. Upon trying it, I was not impressed! I ordered a chile relleno and my guest had a taco and burro combo. When my relleno came, i noticed a couple of hairs on the chile, two thick hairs on the top and a few on the bottom. I told them about it and requested a new one. Moments later, server comes back with the same plate and tries to prove me wrong saying, "those aren't hairs, they're parts of the chile. see, there's some up here too!". I've worked with roasted chile, many times before and I can tell you, chile isn't supposed to look like that. These guys haven't heard of "the customer is always right." . I sent that back and got the same as my guest. In the end I had a Groupon that was 10 for 20. the bill came out to be $19.65. When my bill came, I gave them the code for the group on and thought all I'd have to pay is the tip. The server then told me I owed her $1.75 for tax because she claims "Groupon doesn't cover tax". The only reason I disputed this was because I've used groupons at other places and even if the bill is under, they always take care of the tax. So my guest covered it, they accidentally gave them $4 to cover they're unearned $2 tip. When I left I called the manager and complained, turned out the manager, Crystal, was the one who was serving me this whole time. I addressed my concerns and every time I told her a point she would cut me off and try to defend herself saying I was wrong and they were right. Obviously poor customer service. I was not yelling at her or being disrespectful or mean in any way and the manager kept cutting me off and arguing with me on the phone. I got fed up, so I told her my final concern and told her I was never coming back and hung up the phone before she cut me off again. I WILL NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN!!! I'm glad that I said loudly, "I'm never coming back!" as I walked out the door, maybe some other people will start seeing the same poor service in these guys.