I can't tell you how much I loved the Pasqual's on Monroe Street. My fiance raved and raved about how awesome it was and when we finally went, I agreed. It was an uncomplicated but delicious and memorable meal. The atmosphere was cozy but not quaint and the servers were friendly, quick and attentive.

I don't even know how to express the epic disappointment I experienced at Pasqual's Hilldale location. I'll start with this: I'm not sure if I should throw it up now or suffer the consequences later.

Atmosphere:
Holy dark and bright at the same time? You walk in and it's dark and cold. You sit down and depending on your orientation, you may be staring into a poorly lit section of the lame "industrial" decor or you may have the damn sun glaring into your eyes annihilating your retinas. There are no shades to combat the sun.
The music is LOUD. Way too loud. I got tired of asking my dinner mates "What? I can't hear you!" a hundred times.

Service: We walked in and received a vacant stare from a 15-17 year old girl who was doodling on a napkin. No greeting. We asked her if our party had arrived. She called another male server over who couldn't seem to find our reservation. We then said that we needed a table for 8 and a highchair. They took a few minutes to push our tables together and lay out the menus and told us we could sit down. Once we got situated, another extremely young looking server came over with a tray of water. Before she even placed the water she said, "Uh, just so you guys know, we don't split checks at all for like, parties 8 and over so I just want you to know to know that now instead of being surprised. Like, we don't split checks AT ALL." Her tone was really snotty and with no intro of "Hi, my name is X welcome to X, I'll be your server today!" it really set a bad tone for dinner. She placed the water and left.
  We waited about 10 minute for our companions to arrive. No one came over to take our order for drinks or appetizers during that time. Once our companions did arrive it took another 7 for anyone to come over and take our order.
   We ordered our drinks, two orders of chips & salsa, one order of guacomole and were told immediately that, "Just so you know, you only get ONE refill per order of chips and NO refilled on the guacomole, ok?" Yeah, got it.
  The drinks arrived and soon after, the chips/salsa/guacomole. We all were really disappointed to see the chip baskets not filled to capacity and the guac/salsa served in paper solo cups. Considering that you get larger sizes of chips/salsa for FREE at the majority of other Mexican restaurants, it was pretty "Eh." for the price.
  A different woman came to take our food order. We were in the middle of assessing who had cash and who would use their card to pay for dinner, etc and she interrupted and said "We can split the check 3 ways if you guys want, just tell me who is with who." She was extremely pleasant and helpful. The food arrived quickly ...

Food :
Chips: Not warm. Each chip was a wildly different experience. Some chips greasy, some coated in salt, some bland and flavorless, some covered in some vaguely generic Mexican seasoning blend, some with all of the above. Point being: Uneven distribution of whatever they are putting on the chips. How do you mess up a chip?
Salsa: Hot & Mild were boring.
Guacomole: Pretty good but served in a solo sauce cup. Baffling.
Meal: Veggie mix enchiladas with mole sauce, black beans and rice on the side. Rice: lumpy, ok seasonings. Black beans: no refried, really tasty and oddly the best tasting thing from that entire experience. The veggie mix enchiladas wrapped in soft yellow corn tortillas with mole sauce: Gross. Just gross. The corn tortillas tasted bland. Did I even taste them? I don't know! The veggies were half cooked and by half I mean some tasted squishy and some were crunchy. Nasty texture.
THE MOLE SAUCE. WHAT THE HELL IS WITH THE MOLE SAUCE?
It's nasty. I love a good house poblano mole sauce, mostly even when it's nothing special its good. Not this. This mole tastes pompous, some kind poorly thought out fusion nightmare. Basically it just tastes like pure unsweetened cocoa sauce. Spattered all over on the enchiladas. For an extra 50 cents!

I'm a plate cleaner/leftover taker and I didnt even come close to finishing nor took any home.

My companions shared my sentiments. A taco salad with cold ground beef. More disgust with the mole. Lumpy rice! What's with the solo cups?

Topping it off, getting home my stomach felt awful and so did my fiance's. I will never go back and I will never recommend this place to anyone. Horrible.