We've stopped here several times and the service has always been sub par compared to the the many other chipotles across the Midwest we've visited. However, this past visit will be our last. After being glared at by the employees behind the counter for changing our 4 month old baby, on a changing pad, on the table. An employee approached us after we had already completed the task. I had my daughter positioned to nurse -  discretely mind you, I'm not about revealing myself in public, just trying to feed my daughter - which was strike one: don't approach a nursing mother, especially when she is trying to get her child to latch, it takes a lot of coordination while in public. I was relieved when I realized she was not telling me I couldn't nurse my daughter there, because there is no way I am about to sit on the toilet in a chipotle bathroom to breastfeed, but then I was extremely disappointed when she told us we could not change our daughter there. If it is your store's policy for me to not change my daughter's diaper, on a pad, in your restaurant then you better get a changing station in at least one of your bathrooms, preferably BOTH the men's and women's (why is it assumed that only women change their baby's diapers anyway?) because I sure as heck am not going to change my baby on your dirty bathroom floor. Also, if this is against your restaurant's policy, then approach me in the beginning, don't gawk at us, wait until all is said and done, and then tell us you weren't going to say anything but then decided you couldn't help yourself and do it anyway. Also, I advise this store to leave it to the manager, who still did not handle my concerns with the way we were treated or my concerns with the stores lack of diaper changing accommodations well and spent far too much time defending her employee, but was at least better than the young, ignorant girl who had no tact, class, professionalism or hospitality in her approach. Also, what was super strange about the encounter, was that the girl approached me, did not even acknowledge my husband, when he was the one who changed her diaper, not me. I ran out to the car and got up and down from the table several times. Why she felt the need to talk about it with me, when I was in the middle of trying to nurse my daughter, and not my husband, who was the one actually associated with the incident is beyond me. Chipotle, you need to look into this Madison location, and bring it up to speed on how to treat and accommodate your loyal FAMILY customers.