I've been coming to Sam's Town since the mid 90s, and each trip always included at least one visit to Willy and Jose's, and after I moved to Vegas a year ago, the visits stayed just as frequent. 15 years ago, the food, staff and service were amazing. However, ever since they moved into their current location (what used to be an Italian place originally), everything has gone downhill. I remember coming to visit year after year and having the same bartender, the same host and the same servers. Of course, all of them are long gone now - what a shame. 

The last 3 times I have visited, the hostess has been extremely rude or non existent. Tonight, we stood there for 10 minutes and kept being told "be right back". Finally, someone comes and tells us that their wait list has disappeared. Before I could even ask how long the wait was, she ran off. In between all this, she slammed into us with a stack of menus and just said "be right back". Eventually they locate their very modern piece of paper with names scribbled on and without even saying a time, ask for my name and start to write it down. After they finish, they say about 30 minutes. Where was that 15 minutes ago when we started? Oh, that rude hostess? She was wearing a shirt that indicated she works at the buffet. Either they are short handed or she was "too busy" to change. I'll go with the latter, since I've seen her there before. 

On the times where the rude staff weren't enough to conquer my hunger, the food is average at best. The value is decent, however avoid the bar. The drinks are extremely overpriced for the quality you get. Servers don't listen when you order. A perfect example is ordering a margarita without salt. Of course, he brings it with salt and like any reasonable customer would, I refused it. He walked back to the bar, took another glass and dumped the same margarita in another glass and brings it back to the table with a hefty amount of salt at the bottom. 

I do hope the powers that be, will look at this and assess their once famous Mexican restaurant.