It's probably not fair to review a place when I am SOOOO steaming mad! Maybe I should wait until I cool off before saying something about them. However, if they deserve the bad review then it's on them.

Allow me to explain:

1. I am allergic to avocado. Plain and simple, I cannot eat them. Obviously this includes Guacamole which is a Mexifood staple. Now that being said, Mexieats are my absolute favorite so I am extremely vigilant when it comes to ordering.

2. I always have a local 24hr Mexigrub place I adopt as a favorite and then I FREQUENT said establishment. I have recently switched jobs (thus location) and have been looking for that place in my new area. My new job is graveyard shift and I only have a very rigid 30 mins for "lunch".

I read the reviews and was willing, even eager, to try out this place in the hopes that it could be my new Mexistation.

So:

03:45 hits and I clock-out and run out the door, hit the ATM and then proceed to Felipito's. I order the special which is 5 Rolled Tacos (Flautas) with all the fixins but I state NO GUAC. I also order the Carne Asada burrito and also voice NO GUAC. I add a large Horchata and proceed to the window. Now the window person is a kid, male, maybe 19yo and speaks excellent English with no discernible accent so I assume that there should be no language barrier which can sometimes be an issue for the allergy concerned. We greet, he takes my money and I then repeat my order to him in an itemized fashion making sure to articulate NO GUACAMOLE after each item. He states, and I quote: "Yes sir, no guacamole". I think "cool, we got this". I wait the 15 minutes (exceedingly long but not abnormal for such places at 04:00 in the morning) and enjoy my Horchata (2 mediums instead of a large but whatever, no biggie). He then brings me my big'ole bag of yummy and hands it through the window at which point I ask again "NO GUACAMOLE?" again he states, "yes sir, no guacamole". I then hurry myself back to work and proceed to the break room to gobble down some Mexilusciousness before returning to my duties. I open the bag, then the box of Flautas and BOOM, a mountain of guac. I'm pissed. I go ahead and open the burrito, unroll it and again a quagmire of guacamole.

Did I have time to return? No. Did I? Your GD right I did!

I was not going to give them the opportunity of redeeming themselves by feeding me nor did I have the time to wait for another round of food. So I got my money back and left. I wanted very badly to give the kid an ear-full. I wanted even more to stuff the guacamole laced bag of death into his smug little pie-hole but I did not. I took my money and with practiced calm, left (my wife would be proud).

There are a couple of morals here but I will just close with one: If an establishment is so uncaring as to hire someone without a bone of concern in their body then they do not deserve anything but my disdain. I strongly encourage any of you reading this to move along to a different option. This place does not deserve your money.

Thank you for hearing me out.