I wish I was rating this place higher. However, lack of follow through from management leaves me no choice.

Quick review: Got a big group? Don't bother calling and setting things up with Dianna. You'll feel like second-class citizens. It's sad, really.

I knew something was wrong when I called on Wednesday to try and see if this place could accommodate our #evfn (East Valley Friday Nights) group. When I asked the person if they could accommodate 30 people, he suggested I call back and speak with Dianna the next day. Odd, but OK.

When I spoke with Dianna on Thursday, I explained that we'd be bringing 30 people for a combination of dinner and drinks. She readily agreed that they could handle such a crowd, and said she would be happy to reserve A) a section of the bar and B) a group of tables contiguous to the bar, as not everyone would be eating dinner. Great. Sounds perfect, as some of us like to mingle, and setting us in one long table doesn't help with that.

When we arrived at the schedule time, we found four small round tables pressed together near the bar, where a grand total of three chairs were unoccupied. You do the math. 30 people it was NOT going to accommodate.

As the attendees began filing in -- and the space quickly filled -- we spoke to the management (possibly Dianna, though she never identified herself) and secured another table near us that was soon to vacate. Another four-top.

As our numbers quickly swelled to the promised 30, there simply wasn't room. And this was around 6:30, so it's not as if we were early. Some of our late arrivals grabbed an available table -- only to be rather rudely told by management that the table had been reserved and that she had "already informed them that there were no seats available.". Great. So much for making room for the 30 we had spoken about.

In the end, we called it short an hour into the evening. Having the bartender also act as our server was a huge mistake. The boy did what he could, but there was no way he could keep up with the growing bar patrons -- not our people -- and our swelling numbers. So everything was delayed -- including out trying to get the hell out of there so the place could return to normalcy. I'd not be surprised if some tabs went unpaid. Unfortunate if it happened, but patience only lasts for so long. And remember that they AGREED to allow us to bring the event to their establishment.

The kicker? When one of our attendees mentioned that things weren't  going so well. Dianne's answer? "I told the man who called that we couldn't handle this size of a group, but you all decided to come anyhow!" 

So in the end, the shitty review. You'll probably see more. Up front I said this was unfortunate. And it's true, for the food was excellent. I had chili rellenos and was quite impressed. However, I'll never go back to this place because of bad service. And mind you, all of this was pre-arranged. We never went over our promised 30 people. Hell, they couldn't handle us when we were less than 20. It's not even communication failure. It's follow through failure.

So feel free to try this group when it's a party of 2. Anything larger... you're on your own. And forget reservations. And abandon the idea of talking to Dianna. She obviously isn't anyone who can follow through.