A "B" 85.5 Sanitation Grade shocker we noticed when we left! 
My wife, a friend and I visited La Paz today 05/10/2015 at 3pmish. Just to give you a back story we used to frequent La Paz many times even dating back to the South Blvd. location. Once it moved to the Metropolitan district it was not bad and we still thought highly of the food quality and service. Within the past few years we have intentionally cut back on dining at La Paz for many reasons of which were evident today. I guess you can call it our last ditch effort to give the restaurant another try since our last visit many months ago.  

Upon arriving today around 3pm the Restaurant was 100% empty - not a single customer in the place. Today was Mother's Day and it was apparent other restaurants nearby were extremely busy. We didn't think much of it and decided to dine outside. The server (not sure of his name but was listed as: 2001 Day Bar on the receipt) offered us the drink specials and we decided to go with a pitcher of Dos Equis Lager advertised for $10.00 when the Beer arrived it was warm and extremely flat. I went back inside the restaurant and let our server know and asked if we could instead switch it out for the Dos Equis Amber pitcher instead. Another server delivered the pitcher and he left the old one and our full glasses on the table. Once again the pitcher was dull tasting, warm & flat. We ended up settling on bottled Corona's instead. The food was ok as its really hard to mess up a salad and the street tacos. Only problem that I had was the flavor and texture of the meat in the tacos and the corn soft shells were bland. 

The restaurant remained "dead' for the majority of the time we spent there (almost 2 hours) and it really struck our curiosity as to what was going on. Our server who favored the rapper Macklemore was an OK waiter and we only ever saw one other waiter and a Lady that looked to be in her early 50's as the only front house staff on duty. I assumed the Lady was the on duty manager but I was surprised she never paid a visit to our table to apologize for the Beer screw up since she was standing there when I complained inside the first time. They acted like it was a surprise when I said the beer was flat and warm. It really has to be Bad for me to complain about Beer being flat and warm especially Dos Equis draft at a Mexican Restaurant. 

In leaving the restaurant it was pretty obvious to us that this was not the same La Paz it used to be. Poor management, staffing and training issues, terrible menu choices with some items sharpied out. Poor inside dining ambiance with one dining room stacked with boxes and tables pushed to the side with what looked to be leftover Cinco de Mayo decorations. But to top it off we were hit with the biggest shocker of all:
The Sanitation Score was a "B" 85.5 hanging in plain site. 

You have to be kidding me! I give La Paz a grade of awful and will never return not even for the overpriced bottled Beers and Margarita's. I will be surprised if this restaurant does not close by the end of the year. In the famous words of Bar Rescue's Jon Taffer "Shut it Down"!