I have never seen a better casebook for Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares.

Setting aside the garish atmosphere, the first thing that established the tone of the visit was a server who came within a minute after taking our drink orders and asked brusquely if we were ready to order.  Despite the fact that we were still poring over the menu he came again three more times before we'd finally set our menus aside.  Mind, the place was almost entirely empty and hours before closing time.

My girlfriend ordered Quesadilla Roha with ground beef and a special sauce.  The beef was utterly dry and flavorless.  The primary taste of her meal was the burned tortilla.  Accompanying it was a salad which consisted of shredded lettuce topped with a single, thick slice of under ripe tomato (totally inedible) and their 'special red sauce' which tasted like tomato paste with a bit of red pepper.

I ordered the Burrito Loco which came with rice.  It came with enough rice for three meals and a burrito the size of my head.  The chicken inside was largely flavorless and there were some sizable bits of gristle inside.  The enormous quantity of rice was entirely unadorned in a large sticky pile.

I ordered a Lime Margarita.  I wasn't asked how I'd like it prepared and it came with salt, but so little salt that there was barely a trace of it on one edge.  It was also very sweet, and I'm not sure whether there was any actual Tequila in it.

We shared a 'bean dip' which was sized for a party of eight, and was almost entirely cheese sauce with few discernible beans in it.

Adding to the failure was that the food came out less than ten minutes after being ordered, which really highlights the fact that the food was almost certainly not cooked so much as reheated.  I would urge them to go INTO fast food if that's what they want to serve, but their beef compared unfavorably to Taco Bell and their Burrito was vastly less appetizing than any I've ever had at Chipotle, so I'm not sure there's room for them there either.