I am very sad to write this review.  Was here yesterday with my husband.  I was so pleased to see a place so close to us offering my favorite.  Pollo fundido!  We passed up the drive through because of some of the other reviews on mismatched orders.  Very small place,  but nice and clean.  Good booth seating by the windows with lots of light.  The girl at the counter was very friendly.  We placed our order to go,  with the intention of still eating there,  so we didn't need to ask for boxes for leftovers.  The cheese crisp was brought out to us after just a few minutes.  Not at all crisp,  but with good flavor and lots of melted cheese.   The salsa bar had a very flavorful red salsa, a pretty good tomatillo green,  and a very hot smoked ancho chile red.  Off to a great start,  right?  We had also ordered my pollo fundido,  shredded beef taco, and several carne asada street tacos. After we consumed the cheese crisp,  we waited...and waited.  I kept looking back at the counter and noticed food packaged to go,  but assumed this was for a drive through order.

  After 10 or 15 minutes of looking for our order after we finished the crisp we noticed a slight argument behind the counter and I watched as she picked up the food that had been sitting on the counter and brought it to us.  She said the "manager " thought she had brought the crisp to the wrong person (no,  we ordered it and there was only 2 other customers inside)  We proceeded to dig in....My refried beans,  while tasty,  were lukewarm,  the rice was cold,  and the sauce on the pollo fundido also barely warm.  My husbands street tacos were also cold.  He asked if we wanted to just take them home to microwave them,  but in an uncharacteristic fashion (normally,  we NEVER send food back,  or complain)   I asked him to see if they could possibly remake mine,  given it was sitting on the counter long enough to get cold in a styrafoam container, and I had been looking forward to this dish for awhile.  And this is where we go into Never -Never Land of food service.  She brought the container back to the table and said the cook/manager said it was. "Still warm on the bottom, was the inside cold?"  I said I hadn't tried that,  but the beans,  rice,  and sauce was cold or lukewarm,  and stated I had seen our order sitting on the counter for 10 or 15 minutes.  (Really?  You are bringing it back to the table to say "its still luke warm....eat it anyway?)  I was very nice about it and she asked again if I would like it remade.  I said "Yes,  if you would,  please."  She left again with the container and then was back in less than 1 minute,  handed it to me and said "it should be hotter now ".  The cook / manager obviously threw it into the microwave.   And those of us that know about food....Crispy fried chimi with sauce on top and put in the microwave equals a chewy, sodden burrito.  The sad part is that the jalepeno cream cheese sauce and chicjen inside still tasted ok,  but the incredibly poor customer service and the way of addressing these concerns was 1) lazy 2) rude and 3) lacked any hospitality.

Although the food was good,  I don't think many understand the impact of customer service,  because although the food was good and ambience ok,  this response has turned us off this place forever.