This is a terrible place!

My better half and I decided to dine in at this  hell hole at approximately 9:28 PM on July 9, 2015.

If we had read the reviews prior, we would've never gone into this place for the second time since we've lived in Henderson Nevada. 

We walked in and were not greeted, it felt as if we weren't welcome because we got there 35 minutes before they closed.

Even though it felt strange, I just assumed it was my imagination, until the woman that took our order was acting a little off. I didn't really care because I was hungry. 
I was polite and courteous and tried to make the best of it. We ordered two avocado chicken burritos and chips with salsa. The food wasn't all that bad, it was a bit wet, but not over-the-top gross.The employees were gearing up to go home and they removed all the salsa and left it sitting out at room temperature on the counter where you pick up your food. That was the first strike. The second strike was when the manager creepy lady started sliding the chairs around to sweep the floor and making way too much noise. I wanted to stand up and hit her with one of the heavy chairs, that's how bad it was.

Oh yeah, the food trays were wet and dirty and there was no ice in the soft drink machine.

These people that work there really come off like their miserable and my wife and I will not be going back, ever again.

I took pictures of the receipt and the dreadful woman that made us feel uncomfortable. I'm not the type of person that's shy or complains a lot, but this place sucked! Also, why is it the two times that we've been there we've never seen an African-American, American Indian, Asian persuasion or a garden-variety white person working? What does that tell you?

Bottom line, stay away from this place! I've been reading other reviews about salmonella poisoning and the dirtiness, it's true. The tables were caked with leftover crap food and the floor was dirty. Instead of using a broom all the time, try using a wet mop ya freaks!