Normally I wouldn't review anything my husband, Jim W. reviews.  I mean, what's the point?  He voices my opinion anyway.  But in this case I just had to post.

We love Mexican food.  We have enjoyed it extensively everywhere we've lived except Boston, where we longed for it and settled for average, albeit overpriced, local chain fare.  But of all the places I've lived, no selection of Mexican cuisine is as rich and diverse as what we find in the valley.  And now we know, without doubt, whose is worst.

We wanted a bite before a movie so, when we arrived at Rio Rico, we told them we were in a hurry and had 40 minutes.  They said they could accommodate that.  But the service was some of the worst I've ever seen.  It was impossible to get anything in a timely fashion and we usually had to ask several times.  A couple of times a harried-looking staffer asked if someone else had done something -- taken our order, given us the check -- and then growled when we told her no.

The food was absolutely terrible.  No one liked what they ordered.  I had carne asada, one of my favorite dishes.  When it finally arrived I was surprised.  When I had those birkenstocks resoled in Boston a couple of years ago I never thought I'd see the soles again but there they were, charred on my plate.  The steak was the driest, most burned piece of meat ever set before me in a restaurant.  The beans were tasteless and the rice was so-so.  My youngest didn't like her enchiladas (which were supposed to be chicken but were cheese) and my oldest couldn't stomach her huevos New Mexico.  Jim said his shrimp was okay but the sauce was spicy though utterly without flavor.  So much for the food.

The water was skunked.  It was absolutely undrinkable, which you knew before you tasted it because the smell alone kept your lips from the cup.  We ordered sodas, which we didn't intend to get.  They were semi-skunked but you needed something to cut the spicy yet flavorless stuff, whether it was the sauce or the bottled salsa.

So when you read Jim W's review and he says don't go, listen.  In fact, if you want excellent Mexican food in the southeast valley, I wholeheartedly recommend El Ranchero on Chandler Blvd. about a block east of the 10.  For $7 or less you will receive a heaping plate of incredible, authentic Mexican food.  We went there for lunch today in an effort to erase the trauma of last night's dinner at Rio Rico's.  Thankfully, it worked.