I've had better... waaaay better.
First of all, I am not scared off by the way the place looks, at all, yes, it might not be located in one of the most affluent or desirable of neighborhoods, but that doesn't present a problem for me. If there is good food, it doesn't matter.
Second of all, the tortillas ARE very good, no doubt about it, but that might be the ONLY good thing we got out of our visit to that place. Me and my family were looking for a place to go eat menudo, we wanted a real good, flavorful menudo, and while we were driving, Yelp! took us there, with the promise of good menudo. When we got there, there was a line, but that only meant to us, that there was good food too.
We were looking at the menu, while moving up to the cashier, and noticed that they do not serve menudo... like EVER! So, that was a little deceiving. (The website says they have it on Saturdays, but that is the day we visited and NADA!)
When we got there, my kiddos got a bean and cheese burrito, which, if it wasn't for the good tortillas, it would have been the same as ordering one at taco bell. My hubby ordered the Oaxaca style burrito, that had nothing very "Oaxacan" about ("Beef Chorizo with Beans, Potatoes, Cheese"... Oaxaca, me think not!), along with a tamal, don't remember what kind, didn't mater, wasn't good either.
I ordered the green chile beef, which I was looking forward to. When we got our order, our kids enjoyed their burritos, my husband was OK with his, enjoyed the tortilla very much, but said that nothing special, and me, when I started eating it, a white goo came flowing out... it looked like the sticky goo we use to make home-made piñatas called "Engrudo", which is a mix of hot water and enough flour to get a gooey consistency, and I think that's what they served me with some chunks of tenderly cooked beef. I went up to the cashier, and told her that my green chile wasn't green, that it looked like "engrudo," she said that was the green chile, I asked "Is it supposed to look like this?" she gave me a little shy smile and said yes... the ladies making the tortillas just looked up and smiled at me, and I went back to my seat, opened up my burrito, picked out the beef chunks, scraped off the goo, and ate my tortilla... So, no. If you ask me if I am going back to Carolina's again, my answer is no. It too long of a ride, too bad of a food for me to do that. Like I said, I've had better... and will post pics to show you the whitish "engrudo" goo they served me... yuck!
** Good thing I didn't get a cockroach in my burrito, like the other lady, that would have been so terrible!