On my LAST and FINAL trip had bought a groupon and had decided to take my mother there. I had ordered 2 rolled tacos ( al a carte) my mom a chili relleno ( al a carte) both approx $6 each and a chimichanga (al a carte) to go approx $10. The manager /owner was very cold and couldn't  seemed to be bothered. My rolled tacos were average and when he dropped off the plate of a flat chili relleno had not warned my mother how SCOLDING HOT the plate was! When she tried to move her plate closer she actually burned her fingers. I almost didn't believe how hot it was when I touched it myself. What was crazy was the owner/ manager actually heard her say "Ouch" and just looked then just walked away! 
The relleno was flat and bland my (2) rolled tacos were like "minis" and for the price we were both very disapointed. The chimichanga was for my father to go and when we brought it home for him he actually took about 3 bites and couldn't eat anymore. Said it was pretty disappointing and bland as well. 
   HERE IS THE KICKER ... The owner/ manager actually had the guts to charge my mom and I a "mandated" gratuity of approx 18%! My husband and I have purchased a couple of groupons for this particular restaurant and had never been charged this before. ALSO looking at the fine print it had said alcohol and gratuity not included. No where did it say there would be an additional charge of over 18%! When I got the bill and it was almost 10$ higher.. I asked him to come back over and what the charge was ? He told me that this was mandatory and had always been charged for groupons. I told him I had never been charged this before and he actually told me I was wrong and should have been charged. As I had bought it on my phone I actually had the fine print right there and had read him where it said alcohol and gratuity not included. He started to argue and be very rude to me as I was asking to see where it said I had to pay this ? ( please don't get me wrong it's not tipping i believe in its over tipping ... Especially as I am in the tipping business myself) then he was very snide and said well ill take it off this time, and that he had to call groupon and make sure that they add it to the fine print when he couldn't "find" when he grabbed my phone and looked as well!  Really ? You're telling and treating a customer like this ? Basically trying to  make me feel like I was crap.. And was doing this right in front of my mother ( she had never been before) when he walked away to adjust the bill my mother was shocked and couldn't believe the audacity of how this owner / manager was treating us! I HAD BEEN A CUSTOMER FOR A WHILE NOW AND OVER LOOKED DECLINING SERVICE AND FOOD AS I LIKE TO PATRON " MOM AND POP PLACES" . FORGET IT ! WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD  MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED. They also had seemed to have had similar experiences and had stopped going to El Burrito as well.  I will NOT BE BACK AND DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE !  THE OWNER / MANAGER IS AWEFUL AND THE FOOD SUCKS NOW! Especially for the prices. Not to mention it was 5 and we were the only two people in there ! DON'T GO!