Came to Florence for business. Had already been given suggestions by co-workers to go to L&B or Jalapeño but the person at our destination recommended Pueblo. Thinking that they would know best we decided to give it a try. However, I am now thinking we should have gone to her highest recommendation which was the Greek place.  

The restaurant was packed and we were given three options of where to sit.  We shared a long table with four other guests.  Immediately we overheard them complaining to the waitress about their wait time for the food.  The server responded, "The meat is raw and it takes time to cook."  Then two minutes later she walked out with a cheese crisp with some severely shredded meat so I was slightly confused. Then the waitress told one of the patrons there was no chicken.  I thought, why didn't she tell him when he ordered not when his table was getting their food.

We ended up with the same waitress.  She said, "What would you like? Anything but chicken."  I ordered carne asada and my co-worker ordered machaca.  We were told prior to ordering by the hostess that it takes a while to cook those two meals. We weren't in a hurry. After we placed out order we thought maybe we should've said we wanted chicken and leave.

To the food: rice was mush (as other yelpers stated).  The machaca meat I think was shredded beef jerky, extra salty.  Kind of tasted "funny." My co-worker only took a few bites then threw in the napkin.  My bad for thinking the carne asada was a steak plate like it said in the menu description because it was fajitas.  Over cooked vegetables and really confused on what the meat was.  I had a few more bites and then had enough.

The wait staff obviously has a lack of pride for their employer and showed it in their faces especially when two parties of six came in when we were paying our bill and the person who was setting up the tables made a face right in front of everyone.  

Bottom line is I would definitely bypass Pueblo and try some where else....Greek anyone?