The absolute worst service I've ever had on the Strip. From the hostess, server, all the way down to the manager that took our order stay away from this restaurant at all costs if these are the same conditions you're visiting. 

I took my grandmother that has recently lost her husband to walk the Strip, the Bellagio fountains and enjoy a nice meal. Low and behold we end up at the Cosmopolitan and I recommended this venue that I'd gotten tacos from once.

We weren't even really sat down - it was more "oh are you planning on sitting there?" And then while waiting around for service I had to get up and ask what seemed to be the manager if someone was available to take our order since the place was dead anyway. Another 10 minutes later he comes out and says he'll take the order and he recommends some dishes that seem okay. 

They come out pretty quickly which is probably the only redeeming quality about this place - applause kitchen staff. The Lucky Dim Sum and wonton soup were pretty good too. But the beef and lettuce dish was too salty. I asked for the server who finally showed up to come switch it out and he comes out with a plate that just has less soy sauce. Come on - I'm Chinese my people might be cheap but we're not dumb. 

I specifically ask for a box and check and the guy comes out another five minutes later with water... At this point even my 74 year old grandmother is complaining because there was literally no one else in the restaurant. 

When he brings the check over he asks if I want change. And I say yes. In my opinion - that is one of the rudest things a server can ask. Do you think you deserve a tip? And even so, it's not required. He huffed and puffed his whole way back to the cashier and made some racial remarks I'm sure about me and my grandmother being Asian.

And you know what? For a $53 - here you go Mr. Greedy Server a $20 tip. Maybe you'll learn next time not to judge your service based on the customer. 

If this is how it is on a slow day - just imagine when it gets busy.