SO again I venture in today early for a breakfast item.... hard to decide so I go with the special of the Day.... A green chili burger and a side of fries... Ii have had this before and needles to say it was great prior... not so much this time... they forgot to put the green chili sauce on the burger... what a disappointment... while I was awaiting my meal a gentleman was also there who seems like a regular picking up breakfast burritos to the point the owner knows what burrito by name the customer is talking about and asks for chips to go after the bill was paid... the girl says "this would have been nice to know before as we charge for chips before 10AM" so the customer lets it go after saying that's crazy we are regulars and spend a lot of money here on a regular basis..... as he is waiting he gives me a look like I know exactly what he is talking about.... so after his food is ready he asks again so can I get some chips? her reply was "like I said before I would have liked to have know this before so I could charge you" Customers reply was that's fine I wont be coming back, and walks out...
he forgot his keys apparently and returns 5 minutes later... the waitress or cashier reply's " I thought you weren't coming back" WTF who says that to a customer in the first place? he leaves and raises his voice this time. he replies this time I really won't be back and I will not refer any of my clients to you either!!!! I do not blame him one bit... as I tried to enjoy my burger that was incorrect in the first place the taste went bad rapidly as I overheard to owner and the cashier talk bad about him for the next 5 minutes... also to add to the prior statement the owner's reply to the customer was "that's fine we don't need you"

I rapidly got up and made my final exit!!!!! the sad thing is the food is great but the lack of service over a .30 cent bowl of chips is sad...... I would have been happy myself with a bowl of chips and it would have made a great start to my day!!!! but they proved otherwise toady.....
WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!!!!

very poor service and a lack of respect for others... I am A business owner and we were awarded by a notable company recently for BEST OF MESA 2014   so I get the customer service aspect which lacks greatly here......