Wow , I have never had to update a review , but WOW !! This place had its problems before , but it's completely not worth the visit !! The girl behind bar ( Jill , I think they called her ) was probably the worst  server/bartender ever !! I sat down and had to wait for her to notice me , as there were only 6 people at the bar , you would think it wouldn't be hard , but ??? When she finally noticed me , I asked for a menu , and she gave me a bar menu , I asked for a full dinner menu , and ordered the chicken quesadilla (a couple bucks cheaper) from bar menu and carnitas tacos from reg menu at this point , I was ready to order a drink but she disappeared ( not even water ) when she came back I had to repeat my order and said "quesidilla first " she then repeated my order back to me wrong !! So I had to correct Her again ! She then went off again and still no drink ! I got chips and salsa , with 2 salsas , then she finally came back and asked if I wanted anything to drink , I ordered a drink that I had ordered previously , the cosmorita but she said they don't have the ingredients to make it. ??? Wtf ??? So I ordered a reg margarita , eh!! That came out about the same time as my food, which appetizer and entree were together !! And with no silverware !! The food runner noticed and luckily brought me some ! At this point a skinney Hispanic guy and stocky women came into bar , and I'm assuming they were managers , but neither noticed or bothered to ask how things were , and they were in the seat next to me!! The quesidillas had bones in it !! Luckily on last bite ! And by the time I got to tacos they were cold and flavorless , about 50% salsa the rest tortilla and then meat in that order !! I gave up on eating and moved everything off to the side ! At this point still no one came to ask how anything was !! Another guy walked in bar and sat next to me , after about 5 to 10 mins the skinney Hispanic man , asked him if he had been helped and he politely said no and ordered a drink , he was served by the Hispanic man , and about 5 min later the bartender asked if he needed anything !! She then noticed that my plates were stacked and asked if she could take them ! There was no " was everything ok ?" Nothing ! Not even an offer for another drink which was sitting empty !! Eventually the Hispanic man came back and asked if I needed anything else , I just asked for check and he yelled out to bartender to get it for me! Which took another few minutes because she didn't have a pen , they had to ask the guy next to me for the pen back !! Finally got the check and paid & got my change from a 100$ bill plus 65 cents in nickels !! Btw some people at bar got 2 salsas others 3 ?? All in all I would never be back !! If I wanted bad margaritas , overpriced so-so food ( which I was charged full price for quesidilla and not the bar price ) there are many other choices to be had !! And as I quote one of the servers who was one of the 6 at bar when asked by another patron who was sitting at a bar table if this was his restaurant " he said heck no , if I open a restaurant , it's going to be an Italian one !! Hmm maybe it that's what will open at this location next !! It's kinda sad , but this restaurant had promise when it first opened and went straight down !!!