Restaurant review
Wow what a disappointment. I have seen Moe's by the chicagoland area, but I have never actually eaten at any of the locations before. I was happy to hear that this opened up as it is closer than Chipotle on Prospect. Someone should be fired for the design and layout for the restaurant. I placed my order through the app which was quite easy to use, however when I wanted to place a second order for my wife, my credit card was rejected due to similar transactions so I decided to drive out to the location and order it in person. First the parking lot before Brixx pizza opened was a disaster. Super tight parking spaces, one way for traffic to go. It was a nightmare trying to park my car. Next you go in and order your burrito like Chipotle. For one of the orders I did not want cheese and the both of the other burritos did not need lettuce. Somehow I ended up with cheese on the one I didn't want and lettuce in both. One person trying to get the order for two burritos should not be difficult. Staff was not friendly at all and said why did you not tell me earlier. I got to the end of the line and paid. I also picked up my online order. There was a big box that was sitting in the middle of the table without any heat lamp. If you order too early, your burrito maybe stone cold when you come to pick it up. I did get a ridiculous amount of tortilla chips enough to feed 6 people. The salsa station is great as there is quite a variety and the spicy ones have quite a kick. The final straw was when I brought the food home, my wife and sister in law had burritos that had probably 3-4 oz of meat only. When you looked at the burrito after a bite all you could see was the tortilla skin, small amounts of rice, lettuce, and a sliver of chicken running down the middle. I wish I would have paid attention to how they made the burritos, but they were quite disappointed. All and all this is a big bust!

Pros: online ordering app, Monday' 5.95 all burrito special, free tortilla chips and salsa

Cons: crazy small parking lot, apathetic staff, small amount of protein portions, no heat lamp for online orders

Hidden deals: 
1. Free chips/salsa
2. 5.95 any burrito special on Monday only
3. Sign up for e-club to get free queso for your chips

Health code rating: A, appears clean and new. No health reports online at this time.