a prologue: dear yelp, why can't you give a zero-star rating? y u do dis?

i guess it's my fault. i guess i can only blame myself. but i mean, i read the yelp reviews, you know? four whole stars, and the reviews were generally pretty positive. oh, this is like chipotle? word? i love chipotle! but upon pulling into the gigantic and also very empty parking lot, i should have known. i should have known.

against all our better judgment, we walked in the door and they were packing up the ingredients at 8pm. is this place... closed? (no, they supposedly close at 9.) the habanero's employee had a bemused look on her face, like, "humanoids! coming in here! what news do you bring?!" (i mean, she was pleasant, i'll give that to habanero's.)

i got a burrito bowl (see: burrito styrofoam container). the employee spooned room temperature ingredients into my "bowl" (but not salsa, which i asked for and did not receive). i don't have any other word for it but "sad". i saw all these reviews calling the food "really flavorful" and "fresh" and i was so stoked to try this place, but that just wasn't my experience at all. couldn't have been further from that. the "steak beef" was basically non-existent, and all i could taste was white rice, corn, and store-bought guac. if that's what i wanted, i could have made that at home and saved myself the money, you feel me?

because i was hungry, i also ordered some chicken nachos. nachos -- who messes up nachos? even if the rest of the food was questionable, i figured that there was almost no way this could get mucked up. well, that was dumb of me to think that. the employee took a styrofoam container of chips and microwaved it, which, yo: i never asked for carcinogens with my nachos. we got some pico on there, a dollop of guac. we found out upon returning home with our food that there was no cheese on them -- i wasn't aware that you had to ask for cheese for nachos, i thought that was just a thing. even without the cheese as a bonding agent, the chips were soggy and gross and clumped together and just not desirable whatsoever, which no one has ever said about nachos. also, chicken shouldn't be that pink, brah. i'm not even talking like, not-cooked-all-the-way-through pink, because this chicken was quite dry. i mean, it was this weirdly bright, pepto bismol-esque kind of pink. we took two bites and noped out of there.

this place was awful. i have a gutter palate -- i mean, *disgusting* -- and was somehow still extraordinarily let down by this place. i wish so hard that i could have given this joint a zero-star rating. i wish i could say that it would make me feel better if i was reimbursed for the money i pissed away here. but even that doesn't do it for me. i'll never get that meal back. i would highly recommend people who like food and care about food never come here ever.