My review is from an experience I had with this restaurant about a year ago but I still think about it and have not returned to this restaurant because of my experience so I though I should share it with others.   
My husband and I decided to order "take out" because after a long day, neither one of us wanted to cook.  We ran down the list of our usual take out places and agreed that Ajo Al's sounded good.  I placed the order for our dinners and my husband went to pick them up.  The problem began when he returned to our house.   He only had his order, not mine.  I called the restaurant and explained to the women who answered the phone what had happened and she said I would need to speak to the manager.  After a brief hold, the manager picked up and I told him that we were missing part of our order. He apologized and said that he was the one to blame because he forgot to put it in our bag.  He said that they had it ready and that I could come get it.  I told him that I was not happy about this situation and that I would come get my dinner but that I also wanted our order completely redone so that both of our meals would be hot at the same time and we could eat together as we had planned.  The manager told me without any hesitation and with great conviction that he would not redo my husband's meal because there was nothing wrong with it.   He just wasn't going to do that even though he had made the error which created the problem in the first place.  I argued with him that it was not that big a deal for him to make the entire order over and it would be very poor customer service if he did not do this especially since now we had to make another trip to the restaurant because of his mistake.   As things were, my husband either ate his meal alone while it was hot or waited for me to get back with mine by which time his meal was cold.   All I wanted was to have a nice dinner with my husband.  
We have never been back and do not plan ever to go back to this restuarant again.  They treated us very poorly.  Think twice before you order take out or at least be sure you have what you are expecting before you leave!