My first visit to Don Pedro's was underwhelming at best, but i was in the area today and decided to give it another try. ( I was craving Mexican food and my go-to spot- Three Amigos on Central Ave was too far out of the way)  One thing I've noticed about the typical Mexican restaurants around here- Don P's, Monterey, Zapata's- the local chains- is the service is always rushed.  When I am treating myself to a meal out, I like to relax, have a drink and enjoy some chips and salsa before my food arrives.  I have learned that if I order my meal while ordering my first drink, the microwaved plate of goo usually beats my Margarita to the table.  That said, I put off ordering until I have had my drink, enjoyed some chips and salsa, etc.  This does not stop the waiter- who was very pleasant and friendly- from coming over to my table every 3-4 minutes asking if I am ready to order.  I hate feeling rushed- I rush all day during the week for work, so when i have free time, like to enjoy a less hurried pace.  
Anyway, my meal - I ordered off the lunch menu for $6.95- which is  a good value.  I got one taco and a cheese enchilada.  The food, of course came out quickly- fresh out of the microwave.  The ground beef in the taco was of no better taste/quality  than taco bell, and my cheese enchilada was a mushy pile of cheddar cheese.  The food was loaded with salt- and I am a person who like salt and uses it fairly liberally so if it's too salty for me, than well...  The salt overwhelmed the cheese enchilada and re-fried beans.  As for the enchilada, I'm not even sure if it was in a enchilada shell/wrapper- it was so salty and mushy from being microwaved I couldn't tell- no other seasoning, sauce, onions in the enchilada, just the overly salty microwaved cheese.  I will not be back.  Too bad- this place is not too far for me to drive and the space- altho the decor a bit chotzke- is nice, and very clean.  I also like their outdoor patio.  I would return for a margarita and chips on the patio but won't return nor spend money on their microwaved food.