Don't go here!!!! This is the worst place I've been to in a very long time and it really really takes a lot for me to say that but I feel everyone needs to know so that they don't experience what I had to go through. From the beginning I knew it was a bad sign when my party and I were not greeted , not knowing if we can seat ourselves or have to wait for someone, after waiting for a minute to be seated we were told to sit anywhere and when we chose a table we were told "you can't sit there". What!!? So after we were given a table that we could sit at our waiter came by and took our order, well that was the only time we saw our waiter, he disappeared never to return, never checked up on us, NOTHING! Our order was wrong when it was brought to us and our side dishes didn't come until the end, the point of side dishes are to enjoy them during the meal. The food was nothing special and nothing out of the ordinary, their beans taste exactly like Hormel chilli beans and everything lacked flavor. Del taco has better tacos and beans than this place and they even sell burgers! With no service from our waiter I flagged down the busboy and then took the job of our waiter refilling our drinks and taking our plates, etc. When it came time to pay the bill it was just as awful, more like a 25min awful wait. I literally could've dined and dashed with all the opportunities I was given not being served but my party said no because karma is a bitch so I agreed. I ended up getting up to pay the bill at the front of the Resturant where I met the owner and told him about our horrible experience and he didn't seem to care, at the same time out waiter magically appeared as we were leaving and talking to his boss. After a couple of minutes of them talking our waiter came back with a revised bill, I paid him and gave the tip to our busboy. On top of all the horrible service and horrible food I ended up getting food poisoning that I still am suffering from as I write this review. DONT GO HERE! Save your money, there are way better places with better food than this place.