I have been Valle Luna in the past and was not very happy with the food and service. 
I said I would never go back yet, I decided to give it another try this time when I had friends in town. Once again completely disappointed with the food and service.

I had called ahead to make reservations for a party of 6 and was told they only accept reservations for 8 or more. Okay, I let that one go. We get to Valle Luna the waiting area is not busy at all. I place my name and party size with the host. He did not give me a wait time, just says," okay, have a seat." We waited 30 minutes before I finally had to approach the young man to ask how much longer. He said, "we are still waiting for tables to clear." We wait another 5 minutes then  finally are taken back to our table. First we are seated next to a table with a family with 4 kids, all of which were behaving badly running around screaming, no one said a word to the parents or kids.

Our waitress, Krystle promptly comes to our table to take our drink orders. This is when her poor waiting skills come into play. Krystle never approached us with a smile, a hello, welcome, just a "what would everyone like to drink." She returns with our drink then asks if everyone is ready to order. We all order. I personally had the spinach enchiladas. They were not good to say the least. The description mentions the enchiladas being filled with spinach, tomatoes, potato and zucchini in a blend of cheeses. These enchiladas should have been called cheese enchiladas, that is what they mostly consisted of. I saw the finely chopped pieces of spinach amongst the cheese sauce. However, I never once tasted or saw a potato, tomato or zucchini at any time while eating this dish. It was very bland and again I felt as if I was eating a tortilla filled with Velveeta cheese sauce. My husband and friends were not entirely pleased with their meals either. They all said that the food was okay but too pricey for the quality.

Back to our waitress, Krystle. The worst waitress I have ever encountered while dining out. She could have been more pleasant, and attentive. We had to flag her down on more than one occasion for drink refills, extra salsa, etc. Each time we asked her for something she acted as if we were inconveniencing her. We didn't receive even a thank you from Krystle at the end of our meal. I will NEVER go back to Valle Luna and will not recommend to anyone.