We came to this place on a Monday due to a friend's recommendation that their Monday special is $5 tacos. Excited at the thought of enjoying semi-authentic Mexican tacos for $5 a pair, I knew I had to come check out this deal. After all, having closed for a few months due to liquor license issues, this place may offer new thrills and flair that didn't exist before. Our group was immediately able to find seats in the outdoor patio, thinking we were lucky that the other people of Lawrenceville were not taking advantage of this deal. We were served by a petite brunette waitress with curly hair wrapped in a bun. She went over the drink special and proceeded to take our drink order, all business without a smile (which is fine). Since we were a large group, we ordered a decent amount, and then each of us ordered 1-2 orders of tacos each, salivating at the thought of $5 tacos.

Our tacos eventually came out, which came in pairs and were okay in quality. I'll never complain about $5 tacos though. We eventually got the check but were confused why all of our tacos except for 4 were listed at full price. After notifying the waitress, she gives us an empty stare and then says that only 3 of the listed tacos are $5. Mind you, the menu has no mention of any of their specials and does not explicitly say that only certain tacos are $5 during their Monday special. She then goes to grab the manager (or at least someone who claims he's the manager; he actually bartends at the front bar), who comes to our table and apologizes on the waitress's behalf by saying that the waitress is correct and that she clearly told us about the taco special's specifications. According to him, the only reason why all 7 of us magically did not hear her mention anything about the taco special was because we were all talking when she was going over them. To top it all off, he justified it by saying that she's one of their best servers (love high standards) so he has to go by her word. After all, the customer is always WRONG.

Astonished and appalled that the manager was blaming us, we proceeded to insist that the waitress never mentioned anything and that a restaurant menu should have explicit information saying so. He then says that the sign outside the restaurant, which happens to point towards a side street away from the main entrance, clearly states the details of this special. Furthermore, he exclaimed that since they re-opened, they had to cut back on their specials. I'm sorry you guys closed because you failed to renew your liquor license; it was totally our fault. Fed up, we paid our bill and left for good. Only at Round Corner is the customer always wrong.