Discovered this place while driving by - we were actually on our way to another Mexican restaurant, and decided to give this a try...wrong choice for sure.

The restaurant had very few customers. Several waitresses - ours came to our table soon after we were seated with a small oblong basket of chips, and a small bowl of salsa at one end of the basket - in other words, the basket was not full.   We also were given menus.  Several pages of choices. I didn't see any salads listed.

Either it was the waitresses first day on the job (first table ever), or she was not entirely there.  We ordered a beer each - MGD as listed on the menu...Didn't have it. Once we settled on Corona and were served, we were ready to place our order.  

The Mr. ordered the combo place of 3 enchiladas, beef.  The menu said 'shred beef', which apparently confused the waitress when I said 'shredded beef'.  She asked Mr. 4 times what kind of meat he wanted..then pointed to the menu and directly at the 'shred beef'...this was a couple of minute ordeal...she was totally confused.


Our food came out pretty fast and I am pretty sure it was all microwaved.  The rice and beans = meh.   The enchiladas were skimpy and looked dried out. I ordered chicken fajitas. The fajitas seemed to have been cooked yesterday. Very dry, no grill coloring, no flavor.  I could not eat them without salsa.  They didn't resemble or taste like any fajitas I have ever had before...and I've eaten many fajita plates...I'm from SoCal and good Mexican is every where.

The chips and salsa - chips were ok. The salsa was edible but not authentic.  Mr. had to go to the counter and ask for more chips and salsa as the watiress never came back.

When the bill came - it was a cash register receipt with a list of charges. Nothing was itemized.  The waitress charged us for chips and salsa and extra salsa which was necessary in order to eat the fajitas as they were so dry.

All in all, this was one of the most disappointing meals, the worse Mexican food, and the poorest service we have experienced in Las Vegas. 

For the Enchilda plate, Chicken fajitas, 3 beers and chips and salsa, our bill was $37.77 - way too much for what we received.  My husband wanted to stop and eat on our way home.