WORST DINING EXPERIENCE- this place doesn't even deserve 1 star.

So I came here because I was really hungry and needed something to eat right away and boy do I regret ever coming here. First of all the service sucked although once I voiced my disappointment the manager and my waitress suddenly become attentive! I was seated and waited about 5 minutes (and yes 5 minutes is a problem when you are starving and the place is completely empty) before receiving a menu while the hostess chatted away with a waitress or someone. I actually got out of my seat and walked up to her to ask for a menu. Once I had the menu I looked at the prices and everything on the menu is ridiculously expensive but I thought I would enjoy the food anyways because I love Mexican. We ordered Guacamole with chips and it was actually awful. The guac for the price is a slap in the face. The guac has no onions, lemon taste or tomatoes or anything that a real guac brings except for avocado. Literally the guac is just smashed avocado. We literally asked for a cup of onions and tomatoes and fresh lemon and made our own at the table. Like seriously?!?!

I could already tell this place sucked and should have left right then and there but I stayed and gave the restaurant the benefit of the doubt.

 I ordered the enchilada  and my date ordered a burger. The enchilada was absolutely DISGUSTING. Actually, the worst enchiladaI have ever had in my life. First of all, the food arrived cold, yes the enchilada was cold. and it looked extremely sad. They sell the enchilada as having salsa verde, onions and avocado but those things are only GARNISHES. WHAT A RIP OFF!! Three pieces of onions and three sad pieces of avocado. Even writing the review is pissing me off again. I called the manager right away and voiced how disgusting the food was and right away was comforted by the manager who was trying his best not be embarrassed. I thought I would order the quesadilla so that the restaurant could redeem itself. The manager kept telling me the "food would be out right away." but I don't want FAST FOOD- TAKE YOUR TIME making my food. I do not want it under-cooked or rushed in anyway. I rather wait a little while for really GOOD food than have it fast and it be below average. 


The quesadilla was OK but only because they were trying so hard and I couldn't even finish the entire thing because of my anxiety over the whole ordeal. Everything about this place SUCKED and I really hope my review stops anyone from coming here until they get a new chef, a new staff, and change their menu around completely. 

Total waste of $$$