We dined at this location on Saturday with my family. I asked the waiter for a children's water for my almost 2 year old daughter. It came in a paper cup with a lid and when I looked over the contents coming through the straw were not clear. Frantically, I took the cup from my daughter, opened it up and it was a frozen drink. I took a sip of it and it was an alcoholic pina colada!!!! My parents and I proceeded to tell the waiter, which he laughed off and said "oops". He came back with a water and said that the bartender has put the leftover contents (over pour) from a pina colada that someone else had ordered and the waited didn't notice it was not water. Nothing was done after that. We asked that the waiter please let the manager know since the manager was not there that evening. That night I called and spoke with a woman who apologized and took my name and number to give to the manager. The assistant manager called me on Sunday and asked me what happened. I told him the information and he told me that it was non-alcoholic.......I told him I tasted it and so did my parents and it indeed has alcohol in it. He then proceeded to tell me that the waiter said it was non-alcoholic. I again told him what the waiter told me that night that it was over pour from someone else's and the waiter that night did not deny that it had alcohol in it. The assistant manager said he wished he would have been there to taste it himself to determine the situation. I asked him to have the general manager call me (who is not in until Wednesday...). This situation is OUTRAGEOUS! This is my baby that received an alcoholic drink and if I had not looked she probably would have drank it all because it is sweet and then we would have had some serious problems. I find it very concerning that they are not taking this situation seriously and management does not believe me because they were not there. I should have kept the contents and called the police but I was in disbelief and not thinking that way.