Just a note about the WORST service I have ever had at any of your locations and why I will NEVER go to Salsarita's again:
 
I am a vegan so I loved the fact that I could always get something fresh and good at Salsarita's. Whether I was by myself or with my family, I most generally get the same thing every time. Tonight I went to the Rivergate Location, was immediately happy to see that it wasn't busy. In fact, there was just one couple in front of me.

I ordered my food, then proceeded to the register. I was going to the movie tonight so I made sure I had plenty of time. I stood at the register for literally a minute to two minutes before the guy acknowledged me standing in front of him. He stood there throwing paper balls on the floor, telling one of the other associates that he was going to make him sweep it up.

I read his badge, it said "Mr. Long". I remember thinking to myself, "Really? What is going on with this guy? I know he sees me standing here." Then he finally rings me up. I paid, but asked him if the prices had gone up. The price he gave me was two dollars more than it is normally. It was just two dollars, but I still wanted to know. He began to speak in a condensing manner, adding it all up as if I were five years old. I waited him to finish and said to him that was the issue. Everyone else, including management usually rang my meal up as a combo. "They are not supposed to! he yelled at me.  Again, I found myself wondering what the deal was. I told him, "ok ok...no problem, I will just talk to the manager about it." Then his face changed and he said "Who did you talk to?!?!" (At this point, it really seemed as if he was insinuating that I was lying.)

I walked over to the drink machine to get my drink. Turned to him, "Sir, you guys are out of ice." No reply. I repeated myself, "Sir, you guys are out of ice." This time I could see that he was pretty much ignoring me due to fact that his was busy with what appeared to be reading and replying to text messages on this cell phone." Third time I slightly raised my voice, "SIR!, you guys are out of ice." This time he acknowledged me and yelled for someone else to get the ice.

As a former retail manager....and as a former restaurant manager as well....this is completely unacceptable as customer service.

It is not a matter policy. Again I could care less about the two dollar difference. It is about the service and the experience. The first strike was him playing with the paper balls at the register and ignoring me. The second strike was the condensing manner in which he spoke to me and the insinuation (whether perceived accurately or not)that I was lying. Lastly, the third strike having to darn near beg for ice. It was almost as if it was too much of a hassle to service me.

Salsarita's will never EVER have to worry about me, my family, or any of my friends returning to Salsarita's at any location