Joey W wrote, Chipotle wins on consistency. That is so true. Consistently bad food, consistently poor service. I hate Chipotle. Its fitting that this chain was once owned by McDonalds, because Chipotle has done to Mexican food what McDonalds did to American food, destroyed it.

To me, Chipotle represents everything wrong with America. If you really think about it, kids today are growing up and eating at places like Chipotle. This is their exposure to restaurants and customer service. If this is what they see as the norm, how do we expect to get anything better out of them when they enter the workforce. They can only emulate what they know, poor quality, a don't give a crap attitude, being rude, and insolent.

Every Chipotle I have ever been to starts at that base level and goes down from there. Some are so bad its disgusting, like the one at Topanga Canyon in Woodland Hills, CA. This particular location in Scottsdale is not as bad as that one, but it is bad. I would like a veggie burrito, black beans and brown rice. No, not pinto, I said black. No fajita. Thanks. I said No fajita, stop, NO fajita! This was to go. I said To go, how many times do I have to tell you this - its to go! A typical conversation at Chipotle.

The burrito was a street food in northern Mexico. I don't think it was ever meant to look like a baby's filled diaper, as Chipotle has perfected that look. Why do they need to stuff the f*&^in thing so full that it explodes when they roll it? How is this appealing to anyone to have a big messy drippy mess? Has anyone noticed that the only predominant flavor in the whole mess is onion? There is absolutely no flavor to anything else. You could not possibly ever just try to order a bean and cheese burrito at Chipotle. It is the most flavorless, creation. The beans have no flavor. The cheese is completely void of any flavor. The sour cream is just runny, it is just slightly thicker than pouring milk on your food.

There is a small section of Colorado that should be completely wiped out. It has tormented this country with the likes of Chipotle, Einstein's Bagels, Smashburger, Qdoba, Noodles & Company, Boston market, and about five others. All of these chains are the same, they adopt one kind of cuisine, remove all the flavor and uniqueness the original item had and serve it up across the country, making everyone think this is what food is. It is absolutely disgusting and revolting. It is creating a bland, monolithic society that thinks all bagels should be soft with chocolate chips.