Thank God I live in California!  Home of REAL Mexican food!.   I read all the mixed reviews about this place before we went there--so we knew it was risky--even though Los Olivos was recommended by our hotel Concierge and hotel shuttle driver... I should tell you that I am a professional chef--although that may mean that my standards and expectations are high--they are, BUT I look for the basics just like everyone else:  ingredients,taste, presentation, service, ambience, etc.  Ambience=FAIL it was dirty.  Computer ethernet and other cabling crawling all over the place and detracting from the what should have been overall charm of the place. Too much unnecessary clutter. The place is old and funky , but you can maximize on that and (with a little thought and planning) use it to an advantage, and make the place a landmark--they dropped the ball on that one.= FAIL  What's with the chips??? instead of small dipping bowls with BOTH a (fresh) green and red salsa we were given thin stale chips (cold) and small carafes of (canned) pico de gallo to be poured on top of the chips? = FAIL.  When I try a "new"  Mexican restaurant for the first time I usually order a "barometer" plate that should be indicative of the way the rest of the menu dishes are prepared.  In this case:  Chile Verde. I ordered a chile verde burrito that came with a small side salad, and rice, and beans (arroz y frijoles).  Our server cautioned us that the plates were super hot--this is good, and thye were probably put under a broiler or salamander for a few minutes prior to takeout.  BUT we were dissapointed:  The medium-size diced pieces of pork were dark gray in color, dry and chewy=FAIL  they should be bigger in size and chunkier, moist and juicy with lots of salsa verde.  The flour tortilla was dry, tough=FAIL  Cheese: Cheddar NOT Monterey Jack (this is a big no-no) cold and thick not hot and oozy=FAIL   Rice:  cold, crunchy, and dry = FAIL  should be hot, fluffy, and moist.  Beans:   warm with no texture=FAIL they should look like beans or refried beans hot, and have good taste and texture.  The small side salad on the same plate had no dressing whatsoever (hey c'mon add/spoon a tablespoon of bottled Italian dressing -anything, jeezus!) and only one black olive for garnish=FAIL.   The Victoria beer I ordered (the "waitress" was not sure they carried it) was not ice cold. I sampled all the items on the plate, but ultimately passed on the Chile Verde=FAIL
By the time our shuttle driver dropped us off at the hotel I wasn't feeling that well, and I think I know why.
**Next time you are near Salinas, CA where I live, go to Rosita's (/row/zee/tahz/).  Then you will know what I am talking about.  Buen Provecho!  Glenn