Let me begin by saying I was really looking forward to this place.  I saw the menu and it looked delish.  Plus my fellow Yelpers are usually  right on the money with their rating and this place was sporting 4 stars.  

I had a $5 credit from Groupon to try Groupon Now, and El Molino was on the list, so I thought, why not.  I even got my brother to come with me.  

In summary: Disappointing.  

Service: When we arrived and looked through the menu I was really hungry and looking forward to a good meal.  Most of the options are about $8 or $9 so I thought I'd have a great tasting and hearty meal.  The accommodations were fine upon entry.  My brother goes up to the counter and asks what Machaca is.  I speak spanish pretty well, but I wasn't sure, so he asked the guy at the counter (who I think is the owner).  He said, "You're not from around here."  My brother replied, "I am actually."  "Well you must be new."  "Um, no I've lived here most of my life."  I'm not sure why the owner wasn't just polite and answer the question.  Then he mentioned something about being in business for 100 years.  My auditor/CPA brother quickly noticed that it says that they've been in business since 1937 and asked him how he got 100 from 1937.  The owner then mumbled some explanation about being in business for 100 years, but serving food since '37.  Hmm... ok.  

Food: I got the Molino Burro Supreme with machaca and a single serving of chips and salsa.  My bro got a chicken enchilada and a machaca taco.   

The tortilla tasted like it came from a bag of tortilla off the shelf at safeway.  It was chewey and tasteless.  The beans were ok, but not much better than a can from the grocery store.  The rice was pretty flavorless; white and cheap.  The meat inside the burro had decent flavor, but it was more spice than flavor.  

So the burro was a disappointment, what about the chips and salsa?  How can you go wrong with that?  Chips were too dry and hard (I know chips are supposed to be dry and hard, but not this dry or hard).  The salsa was more like spicy tomato paste. 

Price: $10 for this meal?  Like someone else said, either this place needs to be a lot cheaper or have a lot better food.  The funny thing was with my Groupon and Groupon credit this place was free, but not even worth that!

SUMMARY: Not impressed.  If you want good flavor go to Fuego Taco, Cafe Rio, or Costa Vida.  Shoot, I would go to Chipotle over this place any day.