I'm not one to write a scathing review but this place was just dreadful. Granted, the interior is clean and quite nicely done but don't let that fool you. The service here is downright HORRIBLE. Sat at the bar for over 10 minutes while watching lazy entitled waitresses babble incessantly to each other totally ignoring the presence of customers. As we were getting up to leave (which we just should have) the manager came rushing over to take our drink orders and then turned us over to an unpleasant bartender who seemed put upon to wait on us. The drinks themselves were also bad. My girlfriend ordered a whiskey sours which was nothing more than some rot gut whiskey mixed with a neon yellow, straight from the bottle sours mix. Not even topped with a cherry. Truly pathetic. I ordered a draft beer and it was about as bad as a draft can be. There was no head whatsoever and it was about 50 degrees. It was served in a nondescript pint glass with visible water spots. Yum.

The food itself is also absolutely atrocious. Ordered a chicken nacho appetizer and the chips were stale as if they had been fried days prior and the chicken was bland and laden with gristle. My girlfriend ordered the chicken avocado salad which was a poorly assembled disaster of unmanageable chunks of iceberg lettuce, browning avocados and over cooked, dry chicken with poor excuse for an adobo seasoning on it. I had the carnitas tacos and they were equally terrible. The "carnitas" were nothing more than a cheap pulled pork with a sickeningly sweet barbecue sauce on it covered with a cheap yellow white blended cheese. The corn tortillas were also of terrible quality. The rice was not homemade and the beans tasted old and of course straight out of the can. 

Overall this place is pretty bad. If you like to eat in a place that looks cool and that's all you're worries about, give this place a try. If you care about good service, authenticity, quality or even general taste of the food steer clear of this cesspool. I know I will.