I would first like to point out that I love Mexican food with a passion. Authentic or Tex Mex. You name it. This is the first Mexican restaurant that I have ever, EVER eaten at that I can say is terrible. Okay, how terrible was it? You name it, it sucked. The service was slow. Okay, whatever. Not a big thing. Restaurants serve food, so it's all about the food. But the food was terrible. How terrible was it? How long have you got?

The cool thing about many ethnic themed restaurants, particularly Mexican, is that they tend to bring their own unique flavor to the home stylings being served. This place serves food out of a can. The chips and salsa, the spinach in the enchilada, the cheese on the burrito, the chicken in the burrito, the beans, the rice, all of it! Hey look, if you are going to charge competitive prices for a chicken burrito don't give me Swanson chicken from a can, okay? The queso tasted okay, but since everything else was obviously poured from the can into the skillet I am lead to believe this was too. In their favor here, queso rules and is kind of hard to screw up. Even when poured from a can.

A few side notes to give you an idea of just how bad this place was? I always ask for 2 or 3 bowls of salsa and extra chips. Here, between me and my wife, we split one order of each and didn't even finish either one. I left food on my plate as well. Seriously, this is newsworthy because a good Mexican place will find me risking the "hot plate" warning and licking every drop of whatever I ordered until I can see my reflection in that plate. Their entrees find me saying they have too much sauce. I am a sauce person. But I mean, come on. I like food with sauce. Not a GREAT BIG PILE of sauce with some food buried in it. We didn't finish the queso either. Oh, and didn't I already mention this was THE FIRST Mexican restaurant I have not liked in my entire life?!

We came (because we were in the area), we ate (leaving enough food leftover to feed a house of cats), and busted out of dodge! This place sucked. If the great prophet Wayne Campbell were reviewing it he would say that it "blows goats." I am always happy to try a new Mexican place any time any where. Now that I have tried Ajo Al's I am happy to say I would rather try somewhere else.