I don't know what the other reviewers are talking about, am I living in some parallel universe? Either this place has gotten progressively worse or some people just wouldn't know good food if it hit them in the ass. This place, while it is a good dive-type place to hang out, is terrible. We went on a Saturday and it was easy to find by its bright yellow paint and beer neon signs. Ordering was pleasant as the service was friendly, ordered some beers and went to go sit down. I really wanted to like this place because the atmosphere is pretty cool with pool tables, televisions and a jukebox. The men that were in the pool section were very loud and so was the music but I figured whatever, I'm not old so it's cool.

However, when it gets so that you can't hear the other person across from you because the music and rowdy guys are so loud, then we have a problem. The girl told us she would bring us some chips, and when they came it was so pitiful I had to wonder if this was a leftover basket from another table. There was a ridiculously small amount of chips in the basket and they were cold and almost stale. The salsa was nothing to sneeze at either so I just stopped eating it. When the food came, it looked good but they got my order wrong so I had to send it back. My boyfriend got the carne asada burrito which he said tasted good. The prices are pretty much the same as any Filiberto's or Armando's ect., and so are the food selections. 

There are pictures of the meals on the wall just like at Armando's but at Armando's you get a big portion as well. The burrito he got was small. I had gotten my burrito enchilada style and when they brought back the right order it was overflowing off the plate with enchilada sauce, I was like, wtf? Don't they think they went a little overboard? The cheese on top was so fake and low-quality tasting. There was a big hunk of celery in the rice, and they put ranch over the lettuce and tomato garnish which is a huge no-no. The beans were the saving grace but the rice was almost flavorless. Just save your time and go to Armando's or Filiberto's, but if you want to just grab some beers then I guess this is the place to do it if your strictly in the neighborhood. I sat there the whole time thinking how much better I could have cooked the same meal if we had just bought the ingredients at the store. Maybe it's time to open that darn restaurant of mine if places like this can exist.