The name just about says it. The place should be kept a secret to avoid a big mistake by going there and wasting your money.

A groupon came available and my wife and I jumped on it since we enjoy Mexican and we see this place every time we head to the store further down Chandler. 

Since we had a groupon, we had to make a reservation. We arrived and still had to wait about 10 minutes to get seat. Not a good start. We were greeted, informed the server we had the groupon and told we can't use the groupon for the taco special. We didn't plan on it since we rather have entrees, but noted.

We ordered the chips and guacamole and were pleased with the dish. Very good!

I ordered the combination plate, 2 enchiladas, rice beans and a taco.  My wife had the fish taco plate. When my food arrived, my enchiladas were dry, bland and the worst enchiladas I've had in my lifetime.They were awful and couldn't envision anybody liking them. Enchiladas should be flowing with sauce and meat and cheese. These enchiladas were anything buy. The beans tasted they came out of a can. Hard and not flavorful Rice was okay. The taco was the best thing on the plate and that was really average at best.  

I wasn't looking for much, just good mexican food! You won't find that here!

My wife's order came with just the tacos. No rice no beans. Took many minutes to correct the problem.  I was able to get a refill early, but my wife never got her water refilled. She was never asked checked after the food arrived. We tried to flag down our server with no luck. 

The check took a long time to get to us. Overall, the service was poor. The server may have been new, but even the basic servers tasks weren't done well.

A general observation was the owner/manager was going around and talking with others that he seemed to know. Take a second and stop by a new person/table and get real feedback. I would have had a few helpful suggestions.

With all the issues around this place, food and service, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.  There are many places in the area that serve better food!