The worst lunch I've had in Vegas to date. Without question.

There's a guy standing out front holding a sign saying "Upgrade your Mexican" food. After I walked out I had a passing thought that someone should have done the public a favor and tossed a Mexican coke bottle at him to scare him off or something.

I ordered a Super Burrito with chicken, chips and pico with a side of guacamole, and they gave me a small cup of carne asada steak to try. I asked about the Lengua / Tongue on the menu but they guy kept steering me towards the carne asada for some reason. I also ordered some tamarindo to drink. 

The order was made fairly quickly but while I waited I looked around. I'm a little confused by this place. Is it a Mexican place? A San Francisco type place? The whole concept is confusing with Mexican food on the plate and pictures of the Bay Bridge on the wall. 

When the food was done I snapped a picture of it with the Yelp app. It looked good but that's where things went South in a hurry. The chicken burrito was flat. It's bad when a 7-11 microwave burrito has more taste than this handmade burrito did. And the carne asada steak? They need to go to Fausto's and learn how to make carne asada steak. And the guacamole? Heavy use of the salt shaker made it edible but it lacked flavor even with the heavy salt. How can one mess up guacamole? Talk about snatching defeat from the jaws of victory, this place found a way to mess up guac! The only things saving me from leaving with a growling stomach was the pico, the nothing special chips, and the tamarindo which honestly had me wishing I had ordered a Mexican Coke instead. 

On top of that the place just smelled weird. Not a cleaning chemical weird, or a backed up sewer weird, but definitely something was not right in there. 

I really regret going there. And while I will give places second chances this was bad enough that I don't think I'll go back. For the money I spent I could have had Chipotle. Super Burrito is like the anti-Chipotle. It's what Chipotle would be like if they did EVERYTHING wrong.

1 Star, but only because Yelp says you gotta leave 'em something.