Well i walked in there after reading the reviews. Im thinking taco tuesday worst case scenario i have 2 drinks spend like $20 including tip.

I walled in with sweatpants, a painted on carolina t-shirt and an almost invisible F-off on my forehead since ive been working 14 hr days lately. Sat at the bar, never got a menu. Salsa was fresh however lacked taste and heat. Thats one of those thing a Mexican restaurant has to get right.

Everyone at the bar was ordering their veggie tacos so i joined them. I ordered 3, only one of them had a piece of a plantain. I guess they could have put less filling on it, but i might have sent it back. They were worth a dollar, thats it!  I would have been just as satisfied at taco bell.  They use corn tortillas which i am not a fan of. It might have been better if they were fresh, but they did not taste fresh.

The bartender had a large section so i cut her some slack. Their shots could have been smaller. I ordered the first which looked like a one ounce pour and i figured she was just busy and made a mistake. I probably should've told her to pour it back in the bottle, but i figured they had $1 tacos, so whatever. I just really wanted a drink. So i ordered another and the same crappy pour. I guess this is normal for them. Maybe she was using the rest of my pour to hook up one of her friends laters.

Got the tab. It was 26.00. They charge 2.25 for soda, i guess its not terrible but its been a while since I've paid for one at a sit down establishment. The (crappy pour) drinks were $9 a piece, if i would have known that, i would have definitely told her to pour that back in the bottle. This place is definitely cheap(as far as delivering value to their customers), maybe they should cut their labor cost and use it towards improving what they serve.

My recommendation: only go there if you have to.  Order beer out the bottle or can. They might try to give you a 13oz draft or something. Never order liquor there.  Make sure you get all of whats supposed to be on your plate. I almost forgot most of their clients were corporate america chumps.  Mid 20's out of college and barely have their first real job. I guess its fitting since all they have really known for the past 4-5 yrs is ramen noodles and whatever doesn't have mold on it.

Thanks for reading.