We sat in the bar section. The bartender seemed annoyed that he had to walk around the bar to serve us. I can't eat cheese, so I was asking him about several items to see if they could be made without it. He seemed very unknowledgeable about the menu and replied, "I would have to ask." And then stared at me until I said okay can you go ask then. I ordered the corn and the ceviche tostadas both without cheese. He never repeated the order back. Our food came out and he put in front of me tostadas with shredded meat, lettuce, some cream sauce, and cheese. I asked him if this was right, told him it didn't look like what I ordered, and that once more I couldn't eat cheese. He stared blankly as me as if biting his tongue to say, what do you want me to do about it. I tried to push the cheese off of it, but it was very unappealing after that, I pushed it aside without even taking a bite. He checked on us about five minutes later and asked if I wanted it remade, I said no. By then my boyfriend and I decided to just share his plate. When our check came, he still charged us for the tostadas that he misrang and I never took a bite of. Also on the check was a number of charges and voids which made it hard to read. We pulled out a calculator and realized he was charging us an extra $20. We brought it to his attention and without saying anything to us he took the check and went back to the computer. He brought it back with a 10% dicount, still overcharging us by ten dollars. We had a groupon, and when we pulled it our he rolled his eyes and took it once again without saying I'll be right back or anything, he brought us our new check. He didn't come back because he was busy breaking down the bar, so we went up to him to finish paying. I've been in the service industry for 8 years and never stiffed someone in my life, but I truly felt he deserved nothing with such overall poor service topped off with an appalling attitude. My boyfriend left him a five on the table. We would have tipped him 20% off the total bill before the groupon was discounted if the service had been good. No one said goodnight or welcomed us back. And we won't be back. You couldn't pay me to eat in that establishment ever again. *Side note: This is my first yelp review. I literally made this account because the service was so poor that I felt the need to save other people from making the mistake of going there. There are plenty of well established great Mexican restaurants in the area. I would stick to those.