It had been years since we had visited this location; upon a spur of the moment decision, my husband and I decided to drop in for dinner with our young son.  Upon entering, much to my surprise the place looked just about empty; then again it is a Tuesday night.  The host greeted us warmly and offered us a booth which we eagerly accepted.  Once seated, it was clear that the only positive experience of the visit was the host.

We sat for at least ten minutes without being acknowledged.  At first we patiently enjoyed one another's company as we all came in in good spirits.  Finally my husband asked the bartender (who was close by) who would be taking care of us.  The bartender graciously came over to take our drink order while we awaited our (absent) server.  We each ordered a margarita without salt, which he repeated back to us and then promptly brought two heavily salted margaritas.  At this point I was grateful just to get service and proceeded to wipe the salt off of the rim to enjoy my drink...That was until our absentee waiter, Tyler came over with a condescending smirk and absolutely no apologies.

When my husband asked him why it was that we had not been acknowledged, he actually leaned into my husband's personal space and smirked again and stated ver batem: "What do you want me to do about it?".  My husband politely replied that we simply wanted to place an order...His reply: "Well I have a whole other dining room full of guests besides you." (followed by another smirk and again, leaning into my husband's personal space).

At that, we got up to leave.  We have now arrived at Los Sombreros where the ambiance is night and day.  Here too we have fond memories and yet have not revisited in years.  So far the service and food is above and beyond our expectations.  The entire staff has been more than warm and welcoming. (Review soon to follow).  Do yourself a favor and skip Carlsbad Taverns where there is a snooty feeling of entitlement amongst the supposed 'servers' and a complete lack of regard or decency in general. Take the short drive only a few minutes up the road to Los Sombreros where you are welcomed, treated and fed like family.