We went here for a family dinner.  Our family is loud and boisterous but not obnoxious.  We asked to be seated in the bar since some of us wanted to watch the game.  No problems so far.

Our waiter was really nice at first, but seemed flustered and as if he wasn't getting the help he needed to keep up with his tables.  I waited tables for 12 years and this guy was nearly literally scrambling to keep up, a sure sign of not enough help or lack of teamwork.  Of the two hostesses, ONE of them could have bothered to help him out by refilling water, tea and soda for us, but alas they did nothing.  We waited so long for drink refills that my husband got up and saw a pitcher of coke on the bar, so he poured himself a glass, which he was scolded for!  I could not believe it, I was shocked.  A guest should NEVER be treated this way.  If anything, someone should have apologized to my husband for not giving us what we needed for the meal. 

The chips were good, and they kept them coming, so props to them for that.  They are served with bean dip and salsa.  I liked the salsa a lot, not spicy enough for me, but a good amount and mixture of yummy stuff, including cilantro which I find many "salsas" don't even contain!  To me, it is not salsa without cilantro.  The teensy bowls of salsa they bring though need some rethinking.  They should either bring one per person or consider a bigger size.  It's only about 2 Tablespoons, and that aint much salsa (beware, some sides of rice and beans also come in these super tiny containers - three or four bites and it's gone)!  Anyhow, we ate tons of chips and salsa because the food took SO long to come out.  Our waiter sort of apologized for this by keeping us updated that it was actually coming.....someday.

Our food came out a good 35-40 minutes after we ordered.  Sadly, two meals were completely missing in action and the two of us that ordered fajitas (which came out of the kitchen very cool, not even the slightest bit of heat from the iron skillet or the meat) had to wait at least 10 minutes for their tortillas, so they couldn't even eat what was at the table, which was getting cold.  After the two missing meals came out, one was the wrong meat, red meat instead of chicken.  More waiting...the table eats, minus one.  When everyone is nearly finished, the right chicken taco dish comes out.  It was delicious, but overpriced.  The chicken was nicely grilled and the tacos were served the way I like them, with a little bit of onions, more cilantro, lettuce, lime and pico de gallo.  They also came with cheese, but I don't like cheese on tacos.  They came on tiny little corn tortillas, which themselves were good, but way too small to make decent tacos that didn't fall apart.  Plus, I ran out of  the tortillas before my meat and other stuff was gone.

Our waiter was really nice except for the scolding (I'm still floored by that), so I can't decide if he sucked or the place sucks, or maybe they both do...We definately won't be back.