3rd time, last time.  Not going to get into the food mess that resulted in the gift certificate from visit two, but with much reluctance, we returned.  It was a nice night so we opted for the outdoor table.  (I think this could be a no-no if you want good service because I don't recall getting this neglected indoors) 20 minutes after the seating, we were finally approached and ordered chips and 2 salsas, queso fundito and shrimp ceviche to share.  After traveling to the other three tables first, the chips arrived accompanied by 2/3rds empty standard white ramekins.  Very runny salsa...  Nearly impossible to dip.  Flavors were ok though! Still I have no freaking clue why they don't just serve the oh so delicious table salsa that they sell in the store. A round bowl would also be nice. Nevertheless, all would be forgiven if they brought their A-game with the cheese dip.... but it never came.  Instead, after traveling to the other 3 tables first, our shrimp in ketchup, errr, shrimp ceviche arrived.  Tiny boiled shrimp, tomatoes, onions, and cilantro stirred into about 2 cups of Mr. Heinz special sauce, topped, or shall I say, shielded by a half an avocado. It was literally disgusting. All you could taste was fishy ketchup, and I looove ketchup. (see picture) When I finally got the waitress' attention, before I could request my bill and a vomit bag she realized our queso was not on the table and split.  Moments later we were handed a heaping bowl of the thickest queso I've ever had.  Not necessarily the worst.  The flavor profile and splash of salsa verde were interesting, but the heft of the dairy and thickness were too much.  3rd trip to Casa Reyna and 3rd extreme variation on the classic staple.  We couldn't get out of there fast enough.

I had so much hope for this restaurant.  Reyna Food's is such a strong established store, how could this happen?  Pittsburgh desperately needs good Mexican, and all we got here was substandard food at a PREMIUM price.

I should note, that on previous occasions I have had the tacos.  They are ok, but don't hold a candle to Edgar's.  If the stand around the side near Pamela's is open, for the love of everything holy, go there!