Oh my god has this place gone downhill. I can't even. I'm looking at my original review and laughing.

The last two times I have been here, they have completely skimped on my tacos or really messed up our order. And here's the best part: we're doing online ordering. With explicit instructions. How do you mess that up?? 

The customer service also stinks. My husband went to pick up food right before I got off work. We get home and I'm handing him his burrito and it's ICE COLD. Like it was sitting in a freezer. There is no way our car was cold, it was a warm day out and he put it in the backseat so the dog wouldn't get to it. When he bit into it, it was freezing. How the heck can that happen? My tacos were also ridiculously tiny - they were filled halfway if that. They also added guacamole which I loathe. I remember when I've gone there and the tacos are so big that I could barely eat two. Now I can eat all 3 and be hungry an hour later. NOT COOL! 

So my husband is so upset that he goes back to Chipotle. A second time. What happens? They try to make an excuse that they made the burrito right in front of him and it couldn't possibly be that cold, and all they do is remake the order. And my second tacos are just as tiny as the first. When you can grasp the top of the taco and have an entire inch on both sides, you have a problem. His burrito was HUGE - my veggie tacos were tiny. We're paying the same price, so why am I getting less? 

I am so fed up with this place that I honestly can't come here anymore. We used to come here about every two weeks but it's annoying to have to keep going back to do things semi-correctly, and still be disappointed on now multiple occasions. It's a VEGAN TACO. I am the cheapest customer you have! I shouldn't have to glare and ask you to give me more of every single ingredient to get one decent taco. Maybe it's just this location, because I do still like the franchise and the food, but only when it's made correctly and has good customer service to back it up if something does go wrong.