I just went to La Hacienda for lunch this weekend and was seriously disappointed. 


The atmosphere: the old section is pretty blah and boring, but the separate dining room to the right of the old section is beautiful. Awesome  natural light and the tables were unique. The difference between the sections was like being in two completely different restaurants.

The food: chips and salsa were just fine, on par with my expectations. I ordered a taco salad (I know, not very authentic but hey, it was what I was craving) and it was by far the worst thing I have ever had in a restaurant in my entire life. The taco shell bowl was tasty, but what was inside was extremely disappointing. The taco salad had beef, a few pieces of lettuce, and a few shreds of cheese. The beef was tasteless, there was no seasoning on it what so ever, and it was so greasy. I literally had to pick up the whole shell and dump the grease out and wipe it off of my plate with a napkin. It had enough grease to fill at least two of the cups their sides of sour cream came in. The taco salad also came with refried beans and Spanish rice. Neither had any flavor what so ever and were even a bit cold. I had to hunt down salt and hot sauce to make it even edible. 

My friends all agreed on the general blandness of the food. Two of my friends got chicken chimichangas and they thought they were okay, but just sort of tasted like chicken sandwiches. They said they could have poured BBQ sauce on them and it would have tasted like a pulled chicken sandwich. My other friend ordered chicken tostadas and was not really impressed either.

The service: our waiter must have been brand new, But he was really bad. We only got our water cups refilled once and that was after tracking him down and asking. My friend ordered a side of guacamole as advertised on the menu, and the water came back after putting our order in and asked how much guacamole she wanted. We all thought that was a weird question and were unsure how to answer it. We asked what he meant and he said, "I don't know. Like 60 cents worth, $1.00?" Which was still kind of weird, since we didn't know how much accounted for how much of a dollar amount. My friend just told him she wanted the portion that they advertise on the menu, which is $2.00. When it came out it was not very big, which made us wonder how much 60 cents would have been! Once we got our food, we didn't see him for  at least half an hour, never checked in and we were just sitting there waiting for our checks for quite a while. 


Maybe we all ordered the wrong dishes, or maybe our waiter was just brand new, but I don't think I will ever give this place a try again.