Very disappointed! At first we were a little impressed. The atmosphere and vibe were different and enjoyable, although the music is a little out of place for the atmosphere, 70's & 80's soft rock. We ordered two appetizers- chips and salsa ($4), and the Stuffed Poblano Chilies ($11). My husband ordered the Tamales ($12). After about 10 minutes we finally had to ask about the chips and salsa. When the waitress/bartender returned she brought out the Stuffed Poblano Chili as well and said they were waiting on the chili to bring out the chips. Not one restaurant have I been at that waits to bring chips and salsa out! The chips were flashy tri colored triangles that were usual for the course. There were two salsas in very small dipping sauce sized containers like what you would get at a hamburger place when you ask for some mayonnaise. The other Appetizer which I was going to have as a meal was the Stuffed Poblano CHILES. There was ONE stuffed chili where the menu stated in two locations in the description it was "POBLANOS & CHILES", as in plural. That started the poor experience. The menu also stated that the chile contained Chorizo, one of my favorite foods. There was none to be found. My husband had to wait about an additional long time that seemed like over 30 minutes to get his plate of Tamales. Just before the plate arrived we flagged the waitress/bartender and asked to just tab out and not even eat the entrée. We explained our displeasure with the extreme wait and pointed out that the appetizer was very small for $11 and that it did not contain the chorizo that it was said to have. At that moment my husbands dish showed up and we decided to just eat it rather than leave. The dish was not quite to the quality expected. While they did have good flavor and the red chili sauce was great, the tamales themselves were hard like they had been made much earlier and left uncovered for a long time. The rice was good but the beans were only lightly seasoned and were undercooked. After eating for about five minutes the waitress/bartender showed back up and let us know that she checked with the cook and that the Chile did have lots of chorizo in it and that it was cut up real fine. Any chorizo fan knows the texture and flavor of chorizo and if there is any present. The chili contained some seasoning?,cheese, and tomatoes only. This was puzzling that they would argue with the customer over that sort of thing regardless of being right or wrong. After finishing our now shared meal, the waitress/bartender stated that if we wanted she would get the manager to discuss our displeasure. Since we were done with our meal we decided that we would pass and just left. 

I find it odd that the obvious owner in the kitchen who came out to greet friends at the bar next to us and bring deserts, would not come out to address an unhappy customer on her own and make it right. For our money or yours, I would go down the road to Z-Tejas. Similar menu and always good. This is very disappointing  as you want to see small local businesses do well.