Decided to take my mother in law there for her birthday, I have to say this was the most disgusting "Mexican" food place I have ever eaten. We went on a Thursday night, parking lot was packed, had to wait for at least 20 mins for a table. Once seated she waitress took our drink order, all they have are RC products, gross! We ordered the Mexican cheese crisp, which we thought had ground beef as well as cheese hence the word cheese crisp. When we got the so called cheese crisp both my husband and I took one bite and kind of gave each other a funny look. It looked more like a quesadilla than a cheese crisp and the "meat" was not ground beef, it tasted like Denty Moore stew meat. My husband even said it looks like mushed up dog food! Pretty gross. My husband and mother In law ordered the Spanish plate which is cow tongue and it came with rice and beans, I ordered the chimichanga with red meat, my daughter had the taco and tamale plate and my son who is quite picky had a bean tostada plain with just beans and cheese nothing more......Which we told our waitress. Food came out pretty fast, which is a plus. But that was probably the only plus! The Spanish plate came out and it seriously looked like it was sitting out all day, the meat looked dry and had a weird color almost a blackish tint. My chimi was pretty weird as well, inside was not ur traditional red chili it tasted like they had cut up stew meat in enchilada sauce. And for those who know what red chili meat should look and taste like this was not even close. My sons tostada had the red enchilada sauce on the bottom which was covered by bean and cheese, once he took a bite he had to spit it out cause it was too spicy for him, so we had to send that back and asked again for a plain bean and cheese tostada, which by the way was $5 for one! A little pricy for just one and that had no beans or rice with. I also failed to mention that they have no kids menus!! My daughters tamale was covered in their red sauce.... Enchilada sauce and was so dried out that she took one bite and that was all. We have read reviews on this place and wondered how in the hell is this so popular?? It's not even real Mexican food, it's a white persons take on it and a bad one at that. If u really want Mexican food go to the little taco stands in mesa or any of the Filabertos fast food restaurant it's at least fresh and taste better than this crap! Hell id even take Taco Bell over this highly priced, awful establishment!