It is 7:00 on Sunday night 1/26/14

I just got home from a horrible visit to what in the past has been a nice experience.
With my family of six, we were all hungry and ready for some good fresh food.
As we started to go down the food building line we ran into a girl rolling (or trying to) the burritos. She was yelling out what do you want...which was totally over the top...but she also was not listening and put things in our food we did not want.

I watched her roll one of the burritos into a ball...literally looked like a small baseball.
As she carelessly did this she of couse tore the tortilla...when I mentioned it to her she responded oh yea I was getting another one...which I doubt....as I could tell She could have cared less about any of it.

We just moved on sorta of just rolling with it.
When we got to the table...one of the burritos had a hugh amount of salsa in it even though the person did not want any tomatoe at all.

Once again he said its ok...but really, for a $7.00+ burrito it should  at least be done correctly.
My wife went back to get it done correctly...she asked for the manager.
The cashier went to the grill guy...who apparently was the manager on duty...he just ignored my wifes request to speak with him. He walked to the back and was just going about his businessn like no big deal.

On the 2nd request he finally did come over...my wife pointed out that the line worker was just putting on items at will..he said he noticed and would take care of it.

A replacement was finally made after standing at the front for 5-10 minutes.
When my wife opened her quesadilla the cheese was not even close to being melted.
I decided to take it back up as she had just sat down again.
I showed the same "manager" the quesadilla and asked hime to have the cheese melted...I watched him put the item, which was in foil, on the press and push down on it...he seemed unhappy to be bothered.
When I got back to the table my wife opened her item and it was like one with the foil...totally preesed together and unable to eat.

I again had to go back up...showed it to him...he was startled at this point and did remake it.
Now back at the table I was ready to finnaly start eating my dinner.
My back was to the line and my kids started to get real uncomfortable.
I asked them what is wrong and they mentioned that the line crew were all looking at them and laughing.

Now sometimes thing just dont turn out...i get it "Murphys Law".
BUT when the employess are being this disrespectful to their guests it just crazy.

As more people came through the line the "burrito Rolling Loud Girl" was intentionally (almost yelling) how are you doing today I'M GREAT...then laughing.

We certainly did not go in tonight looking for trouble...just a good  no stress meal...that of course is not what we got.

I did get the cards of the General Manager Marcus Davis and Apprentice Nichole Franks.
I will call tomorrow and let them know about the apalling treatment.
I have run restaurants in the past and would certainly want to know about such an event.
I look forward to their reply.
Good luck to future visitors...looks like a hit and miss place now.
Patrick M