Where to begin. This place is a bona fide cluster...you know. I have been wanting to try it after hearing about all the different drinks and tequilas they had, but all that waiting was in vain. First off, I made a reservation, but was placed under a tent in  a parking lot on a 45 degree evening. It was warm when we first walked in, but were placed in the back where there were no heater lamps and the temperature was unbearable. We asked to be moved to a table closer to the one functioning heater lamp and were accommodated by the staff (although, in hindsight I wish we wouldn't have been so we would have gotten out then). After being comfortable for about ten minutes the lamp was moved to the back so we were freezing again, but by that point we were ready to leave. 
We ordered apps to start and got salsa and the ranchero guac. The salsa was good, but the guac was TERRIBLE. it was as cold as the wind blowing under the tent and despite the menu listing it as guacamole with pico de gallo and queso, there was no cheese visible or to taste and as many chunks of tomato and onion as corn (which coincidentally is not supposed to be in this version of guacamole). This led us to believe that they just made one large batch that they could serve as any of the three sub par renditions and stored it in a freezer all day. 
My drink (the diablo) was satisfactory. My boyfriend ordered the traditional margarita that included patron, patron citronage, orange liqueur and agave nectar. It tasted awful and they upcharged 50 cents for his request of Don Julio Blanco, which is acceptable, but then he was randomly charge $3 for Grand Marnier out of the blue. At that point it wasn't even worth dealing with so we paid and left. 
Their menu looks pretty good until you start tasting the food, but an individual taco is $3 and a platter of 5 tacos is $15...not a mathematician but that's not really a deal...actually it's not a deal at all. 
BOTTOM LINE: just don't do it. The food is wanna be upscale but is a flat out miss. The drinks are interesting, but seem to be a crapshoot depending on the specific cocktail.