We dined at Corona Cantina with friends last night based on a recommendation from other friends who had been there for drinks and a couple appetizers.  We should have done the same.  The restaurant is a pleasant surprise considering the center it's located in is in need of a facelift.  The evening started off fine, although our waiter didn't visit our table often.  The appetizers weren't amazing, but were good.  But here's where things went downhill FAST.  We waited an hour and a half from the time we ordered dinner until our meal arrived and our waiter visited our table once during that time, he didn't even check to see if we needed another round of drinks.  We were patient because they're a new restaurant and we were catching up with friends.  Two of the people in our party ordered the "Diablo Burger", another the chimichanga, and I ordered the chicken fajitas.  When the food finally arrived, we all started laughing.  Although I rarely eat fast food, the burgers AND fries looked exactly like what you would order at any fast food joint, but not the good kind.  They obviously had been sitting out a long time and were like eating rocks.  On top of that they were missing three of the toppings described in the menu and they were not the promised 1/2 pound burger that was described.  The chimichanga looked like it has all life sucked out of it, had barely any meat inside of it, and had no flavor.  The fajitas were sparse and flavorless.  But let's get to the BEST part...we couldn't stop talking about how bad this meal was after we left (we literally had bets on which fast food restaurant they bought the burgers at), so when we all got back to our house, my husband (an attorney) called the restaurant and got the manager on the phone to admit that half of their kitchen staff was absent and that they had bought the burgers elsewhere.  At first we were elated that the manager actually admitted it and than furious that we all paid $11-$15 dollars for meals that were probably worth $4.  The manager said that the next time we came in he would "take care of us," but I don't think someone could pay us to go back to this place.  This restaurant lacks integrity.  I would have appreciated them a lot more had the manager come over to our table and told us after our appetizers that they were experiencing problems in the kitchen and they wouldn't be able to fulfill entree orders, but gave us coupons for a future visit or credited one of the appetizers on the bill.  Instead they lied to us, made us wait, and overcharged us for horrible fast food.  I would avoid this restaurant because they clearly don't have the appropriate management in place to deal with problems and who knows who was in their kitchen cooking last night to cover the missing staff.  I'm just praying we don't get sick...