I should've just gone to Taco Bell or Monterrey. After hearing rave reviews from Mexican, Puerto Rican, and Dominican friends, I finally got the opportunity to eat here last night. 

I arrived around 9:30pm and was sat instantly. we were the only party in the upstairs part. My friend, who is Mexican, chose to get the rice water (forgot the original name) and it was delicious! Chips and Salsa was plentiful, I didn't care for the salsa at all. Tasted bland and watered down to me. The chips were obviously out the bag, which I don't mind but some salt or some seasoning was needed. 

I ordered the Street Tacos and my friend got the Shrimp Fajitas. He loved his fajitas! Now, my Street Tacos on the other hand is a completely different story. The tortillas/soft taco shells were greasy and cold. I couldn't even eat them. The items inside the taco weren't that great either. Huge strips of chicken that tasted bland, barely there pico de gallo, and a sprinkle of cheese. There was lettuce and guac on the side. I also asked for sour cream on the side to try to make it taste good. It also came with rice and beans. The beans were beans, nothing special. The rice was the best part of the meal... but it was room temperature which I didn't like much.

Service is the reason why I will never give the food another chance. Our server was Ingrid. She was pretty great at first. When a Spanish speaking couple came to sit upstairs, she began talking to them so me and my friend had to wait about 10 minutes for the check once we were done eating. Then, she assumed the checks were together and seemed to have a shocked look on her face when I asked to get them split. We had to wait about another 10 minutes for her to finish talking to her manager/co-worker. The thing that that really put the icing on the cake was seeing a charge for sour cream. I wouldn't have minded if I knew when ordering sour cream with my tacos that there would be an extra charge, but to me that is just Serving 101 to tell a customer that all add ons were extra. Paying $1.25 to attempt to make the tacos taste a little bit better was ridiculous. When asked about it she told me, "All add ons have a charge to the ticket". No attempt to atleast say, "I'm sorry, but sour cream has a charge." I just don't like being surprised when the ticket comes. There was a man, maybe the expo manager or kitchen manager that refilled our chips, salsa, and drinks. I'm not the greatest tipper, but I always tip 25-50% on inexpensive meals so I felt obligated to leave a note telling her that I would've tipped if I knew about the charge and if I could've got the ticket faster instead of watching her chit chat literally right in front of me while waiting for my ticket One of the first times in a while that I didn't tip. I'm in the service industry and I know that if I ever treated a customer like that, I would've gotten wrote up and had to have comped their meal out of my pocket. 

Super long story short: Sub-par food, worse service.