My wife and I went here to celebrate our two-year wedding anniversary. We were, of course, expecting an awesome experience for such a special occasion, but, unfortunately, we were thoroughly disappointed!

Upon first entering the restaurant, we were pleasantly surprised by the modern decor and atmosphere. The hostesses were nice and we were seated promptly. The waiter was at our table immediately and asked if we were interested in drinks; my wife needed a few minute to look over the drink options and the waiter did not make any recommendations. I asked what kind of beers were available and he stated they had Dos Equis Amber, Lager, and Lite; I wasn't unaware that Dos Equis had a Lite version, so, thinking it was something new, I ordered it (more on this later).

The waiter returned shortly after with our drinks, chips and salsa (which were okay), and laminated menus... yes, cheap, one-sided, laminated menus in a restaurant that charges $25+ per entree. The menu did not have as many items as we expected and the descriptions for each item were extremely vague. We decided to start with the chorizo sopes and Mexican street corn. Both items were brought to our table after about 5 minutes and were both actually pretty tasty, but not mind blowing. Now, back to the Dos Equis "Lite"; I was actually given a Lager and when I informed the waiter that I ordered a Lite, he said that Lager is the lite. WTF, right?

Shortly after the appetizers were delivered, our waiter returned for our entree order. He didn't seem to know much about the items and had no recommendations. I ordered the chicken torta and my wife ordered the beef filet fajitas. There's an item called Yucca fries and, when I asked the waiter what those are, he said, "I think they're like sweet potato fries." I decided to order those, as well.

The entrees didn't take too long to come out; after taking our first bites, my wife and I wished they had never come out. My chicken torta consisted of flavorless chicken, avocados, and way too much black bean paste; it was served with spinach on the side... just plain spinach with a drizzle of some unidentifiable substance, which I wasn't sure if I was supposed to put on my torta or eat as a salad. My wife's fajitas were equally as flavorless and the beef was extremely chewy. In fact, if there were such a thing as negative flavor, these dishes would qualify. Oh, and the Yucca fries, which the waiter "thought" were sweet potato fries, were just regular steak fries, also with no flavor.

The waiter came by to ask how our food tasted and I let him know that we thought our food was flavorless, which is something I have never done, but this food was so bad, I felt compelled to do so. I asked if he could bring out some hot sauce or something to add some flavor; even salt and pepper would've improved these dishes! He stated that all they had was Tabasco. Now, this is supposed to be a Mexican restaurant, which means it should have its own house hot sauce or at least Cholula or Tapatio, but nope, just Tabasco.

Apparently, our displeasure upset the waiter and he was rude for the remainder of our dinner; like it was our fault the food was bad! I promptly asked for the overpriced bill and left absolutely no tip, also something I had never done.

I highly recommend that NO ONE SHOULD EAT HERE! I honestly would've rather eaten at Chevy's.