Oh Gordo's.  I was SO excited when I saw the sign go up that they would be opening, that I would drive by every few days to check to see if they were open yet.  FINALLY, they were open, and I couldn't wait to try them out.  Well, I have now been twice, and both times have been really disappointed.  Sigh.  Here are my experiences:

Visit 1:

A couple days after they opened (so I was keeping an open mind & hoping they would "settle" into a groove and improve).  I asked the cashier guy what was good.  He recommended the pollo fundido burrito, which I happily ordered because you can never go wrong with that (or so I thought).  Also ordered a cheese quesadilla and a bean/cheese burrito (my husband and my "staples" at any mexican restaurant because it's a good way to compare apples to apples, or, burritos to burritos in this case).

Pollo fundido burrito: NOT worth what they charge, which is astronomical, something like $8 or $9 and it's just the burrito, no beans/rice or anything on the side.  The sauce on the top was really kind of sad.  Not much sauce first of all, and nothing to write home about that's for sure.  I literally felt like I was robbed by ordering this burrito.  Robbed of my money and robbed of my love for mexican food.  Just such a disappointing burrito.  

Bean/cheese burrito: MEH. Perhaps if they would have actually put some cheese in that bad boy it would have been good.  But the sprinkling of cheese (even though they charged extra for it) left something to be desired.

Quesadilla: double meh.  Were they having a cheese shortage this night??  You would have thought so from the quesadilla.  Come on people, that's all there is in a quesadilla!  CHEESE!  How about you add some next time?!  One of the driest quesadillas I've had.  How can you screw up a quesadilla??  

Hot sauces: the red tastes more like a spicy marinara than a taco hot sauce.  Seriously, I would expect it to be on a pizza, not a burrito.  The green sauce was actually quite good.

All in all, a disappointment to say the least (my husband concurs on all of the above by the way!), but I was hopeful that it will just take a little time to get things running smoothly, etc.

Visit 2 (about a week later):

Used the drive thru, which you can't actually order until you get to the window, FYI.  I sat at the window for a while before someone noticed me (the owner or manager I believe).  He told me he'd be with me in a minute, and came back again a little while later to take my order.  I ordered the shredded beef burrito combo plate but substituted shredded chicken instead.  I was asked to pull around to the front & he would bring me my food.  No biggie.  Got my food 5-10 minutes later (not ideal if you're in a hurry, but I wasn't so I didn't mind).

Got home and again, disappointment set in as I started to eat.  This was literally the worst and driest chicken burrito I've ever had in my life. ZERO flavor, ZERO moisture, just simply a bad burrito.  The beans and rice were, well, beans and rice.  Nothing special, and a mediocre serving (especially the beans, perhaps there was a bean shortage this day?).

The combo was $8 and once again, I felt this was over priced for what I got (the portion, but more importantly the lack of flavor).

The red hot sauce seemed to be a "little" more like hot sauce instead of marinara sauce, but otherwise they have A LOT of work to do if they want to stay in business for the long term.

I'm really hoping and pulling for them, because honestly, we NEED a good fast mexican food joint in this area, but right now I can't imagine going back there anytime soon (if ever).  I would much rather make the 20 minute round trip drive to Filiberto's than try this place again.  So so very sad.  :(  I hope they improve over time, I really do.  Fingers crossed.