Top 3 WORST Dining Experience EVER!

Saturday night my girl and I decided to check this place out, excited for the change in menu and an "Old School Mexican Food" experience.  We were thoroughly disappointed in almost every possible way.

We arrived at about 9:15pm and didn't get out of there until 11:15pm... TWO hours for $9/plate Mexican food.  Did I mention we were 1 of 3 TOTAL parties in there?  No big parties, two tables of 4 and our party of 2.  Service was so poor and slow it was comical.  The waitress would disappear for LONG periods of time.  Maybe smoking weed or something, I have no idea....?  Weed would explain why it took 20minutes after ordering a scoop of sorbet before it found it's way to our table.

Now the food.  Junk at best.  First, after literally 45mins-1hr after being seated, our food finally arrived.... COLD... not luke-warm, cold.  I had grilled chicken w/ rice and beans, my girl had chicken soft tacos.  We sent our plates back and the waitress said she would have the kitchen remake the meal immediately.  Well, 25minutes later the new plates arrived.  Really?  25 minutes to remake a plate of grilled chicken and soft tacos then slap a spoon of rice and beans on the plate?  Now the second time the food STILL was not hot... this time it was luke-warm.  Whatever, we were starving, so we ate it.  

The food itself lacked any seasoning and frankly any taste.  I can make better Mexican food at home, shit, Filiberto's makes better Mexican food.  Interesting also, the second plates had portions about 1/2 of what was delivered initially.  I usually have left overs and don't really like huge portions, so this was fine with me, but it just goes to show the lack of consistency.

The waitress was always very nice and courteous, and she did offer us a free item to make up for the cold food, so she appeared to be trying, I just don't understand what the issue was.  We were not alone in a bad experience.... one table of 4, sitting behind us, ordered a nacho appetizer with guac on the side... well she brought one out with guac all over it, explaining there was a mistake and another one was being made, but they could have this one also, instead of throwing it away.  Well their 2nd one, prepared correctly, didn't come out until AFTER they were all 4 done with their meals!  The other party of 4 who were seated before we even arrived, didn't get their food for 15 minutes after our first cold plate... meaning they waited at least 1 hour for their food and they ordered before us!  They had burritos... burritos!  How long can it possibly take to make a burrito?

Dinner's over, and I decide to try a refreshing sorbet I had eyed on the menu earlier.  I don't eat dairy or wheat, so when I see a dessert item that has neither ingredient, I get excited.  There are not too many deserts around that are made without wheat or dairy.  They had a few very good sounding selections, I opted for Passion Fruit.  So 20 minutes later, when my single scoop of sorbet arrived, I dove right in...... and almost spit it out!  It was the w-o-r-s-t tasting sorbet I have ever encountered... in fact, I don't think it was prepared properly, or even sorbet.  It was the most sour, most tart thing I have ever tasted.... to the point where it was literally impossible to NOT make a face after taking a bite (like the super-sour-face).  My girl thought I was joking and being dramatic so she took a bite.... haha, you should have seen her face.  Classic.  Un-edible.  It literally had the consistency, and tasted like that frozen fruit juice concentrate you buy in the store, without ANY sugar.  It was horrible.  Horrible.

Sad really... I truly wanted to like this place.  The atmosphere and decorations are very cool, chic, and modern.  It really _looks_ tight, but produced one of my 3 worst experiences ever.  Funny thing is, I had a gift certificate, so I got most of the meal and 4 martini's free..... and I still hated every second of it and would have absolutely rather gone anywhere else and paid.