Let me start by saying if I could give it NO stars then I would have done that. Moving on to the review.... So my coworkers and I head here for lunch today..go in check out the menu which is quite small and limiting but whatever..decide to order a bacon breakfast burrito..go up to counter and ask if it has potatoes in it.. the girl replies with yes and I say "okay good" order my burrito/ drink (side bar -- they have their drinks behind the counter and I had to wait for the girl to finish taking the rest of lines order to get my drink..annoying but okay). The three people im with all order AFTER me and then ALL get their food. Im waiting..waiting.. after about 10 ish minutes and my friends PLUS all the people after me getting their food I go up and ask where my burrito is...they all look around at each other and are like "ummmm we accidentally gave it to a car in the drive thru" so my first thought is...IF YOU REALIZE THIS WHY DIDNT YOU MAKE ANOTHER ONE!? Whatever. The worst is yet to come. Get my burrito..yes, its piping hot. So I take a bite..hmm no potatoes and by being the freak I am; I then decide to open it up and look...nope, no potatoes. Roll it back up and decide to eat it because im starving. Well after about 2 bites grease just comes POURING out..im not talking a little bit a grease..a TON of it!! I have ate at Filly's/ Los Favoritos/Someburros all these kind of places and NEVER HAVE EVER ON ANYTHING experienced SO MUCH GREASE. I put down the burrito and my hands were covered in grease, my napkins, plate. Too disgusting to eat. So by now all my friends are done anyways and I just threw it away. It was only 5 bucks...but they will never get my 5 bucks again. Also, I was talking to a seperate co-worker on my way out of the office about this place and she said there was one by her house but it closed down! Should have taken it as a sign......... NEVER AGAIN!
Another thing, if you were wondering......my other friends that did not have my experience got rolled tacos, tacos and a torta.. the general consensus was that it was meh. Not worth going back for.