First let me say, I was excited to try TexiCali for dinner before a big night of Rick Springfield, Loverboy and Romantics! This was only our second experience at NC Music Factory, and not enjoying our previous meal at another restaurant there, we thought we would try TexiCali since we love Mexican! 

We knew it would be busy there with a big concert scheduled. When we arrived, they asked if we had reservations. I did not know that they took reservations, so good to know although I will NEVER BE RETURNING! We were able to find 3 spots at the bar. It was obvious that the restaurant was severely understaffed, but especially the bar area! There was only one bartender on our side of the bar which was the very long side. 

When we finally got his attention, we ordered drinks and food so we wouldn't have to wait. They were out of pint glasses so my husband's beer came in 2 plastic cups. I had to ask twice for water. We ordered guacamole which never arrived. But a runner brought chips and salsa. Although the bartender said it was coming! We never got utensils, only napkins & little plates.

In the meantime the same runner came to our bartender/server to tell him that they were out of mahi, one of the tacos I ordered. I overheard the conversation and he looked at me periodically throughout the conversation, so he knew I heard what they were discussing. Rather than tell me that they were out of mahi to allow me to order another taco, he told the runner that it was not his responsibility! Seriously, that is what I heard him say! Then after more waiting, another bartender was in our Area and my friend asked if she would check on our food because a table of six behind us that was seated after us had already received their food. The bartender replied bartenders and servers don't work the same and food comes out differently because of that. My friend said "I don't really want to hear excuses, I would just like you to check on our food". Shockingly the female bartender looks right at us and says "no but you are more than welcome to go back there and check on it!" I am not kidding! Our mouths dropped to the floor! At that point, we should have asked for the manager!

Our food eventually came out and we told the runner that we never got our guacamole. She said she would go get it. I said no just forget it and I mentioned that there was no mahi taco on my plate. She explained that they were out of mahi. I told her that yes I knew that as I overheard her entire discussion with our bartender, yet he never bothered to tell me so I could order something else. 

Our bartender/server came over to apologize for the rudeness of the female bartender that told us to check on our own food! He said she was a BITCH and that it was her last day! When I mentioned that I never received the guacamole or my mahi taco, he said "oh yeah we're out of mahi". I told him that yes I knew that as I overheard his discussion. He never responded beyond that.

We should have asked for a manager, but quite honestly he or she is to blame because the restaurant was understaffed and they obviously hire RUDE wait staff with attitudes! 

Note to manager: the restaurants in NC Music Factory are going to be busy on a night of an event! Otherwise, with no concert or event, I don't see why anybody would go eat there! Therefore, you should staff your restaurant appropriately to be able to fulfill the needs of your customers! And more importantly, do not hire rude wait staff with attitude! They have no business being in customer service whatsoever! On an irrelevant side note, the food was pretty good, although cold, but we didn't care about the food at that point! The RUDE & uncaring attitude of the entire restaurant superseded any quality of food! Again we will NEVER go there again, and I suggest you don't either!