Why has it taken me so long to eat at El Sombrero?!?!?! I told the owner while eating there that I can't believe I am from las Vegas (we wont get into how many decades tee hee) and have never eaten here! Well, I think I was more into the historic meaning and longest running Mexican restaurant. I set the bar too high. I did however give a try to this mom & pop establishment. The woman who said she was the owner (theresa) was actually rude. She made comments I couldn't believe. A little girl was calling her name to tell her good by and to thank her for the food and she ignored her only finally to tell her "I'm busy not now". I was heartbroken for the little girl. 

The place is very small inside. They have booths along the walls and tables in the middle. I would recommend calling before heading down because they aren't open every night. In fact, they are open nights on Friday and Saturday and it is just until 9 pm. 

We started with a "Cheese Quesadilla". So simple yet so overpriced.
She also brought us some chips and 2 kinds of salsas. I have to admit, the salsa wasn't the best. I ordered a combo platter that had a "Cheese Enchilada with Onions" and a "Guacamole Tostada" which also came with the normal beans and rice. These beans weren't normal though they are thick not runny and I would like that if they just had so,e flavor. I asked for my Enchilada to be made with a flour tortilla and it was big and very yummy. The guacamole was not fresh and frozen. I don't know if that is a regular thing or if she was out of avocados. Gross. The other 2 in my group enjoyed there meals too but, agreed the salsa and rice could use some help. The rice seemed like it was leftover and re-heated. Very dry.

We capped the night off with some "Sopapillas and Honey". This by far was the best part of the night. 

Meals range from $10 and up. They have a Beer and Wine liquor license so if you order a margarita it will be made with wine.

I don't plan on visiting here again anytime soon. This is noted as the oldest Mexican restaurant in Vegas. There are certain tables that have "reserved" on them for local lawyers such as Richard Harris and a few others who escape up to 3 times a week from their downtown office to have some lunch or even conduct a business meeting.