My friend Karen had seen this restaurant and had made mental note that she wanted to give it a shot. 

We decided this is where we would do dinner last night, before hitting up the Western for $1 shots and beers and then to Dino's for Karaoke. 

Wow where do I start? 

Waited about 15 minutes until we were finally approached for a drink order, let alone questions regarding the menu. I had never had Cuban food at a restaurant so I was a bit clueless on what certain things were. 

I asked the waitress what the house specialty is or what is ordered the most and or popular, she then points out a few things on the menu and says this is OK, um that is OK. Well you know what lady, I am looking for more than just "OK". 

Crappy service for starters, after finally coming to take our order it took another 15 minutes or so to get our drinks. The food took forever, and only two of four meals were brought. So I am sitting waiting until my friends food comes so I can eat. I said screw it, my fajitas are getting cold waiting so I dug in! 

After the non helpful suggestions from the waitress, I decided to play it safe and ordered the beef and chicken fajitas which came with a side plate of rice and beans. The fajitas were a large portion of dry unseasoned chicken and beef. Not much flavor at all to speak of. I have had better fajitas at El Torito's. Disappointment for me as even the rice and beans were bland, very bland! 

Friend #1 ordered a bowl of menudo, she said the flavor was not the best and she is an old school menudo eater. She asked the waitress prior if it their menudo had a red or white base, the waitress pulled the menu and pointed to the picture and said that is what it looks like. Also her plate was a sloppy mess when it arrived, menudo juice all over the plate and running down the side of the bowl, the presentation was just bad. I know they were rushing to get orders out but there is just no excuse for that slop to be dropped at anyone's table. I attached a picture, check it out.

Friend #2 got the Tequila pollo dish with a side order of chile releno. The chicken was one big slab on the plate, would have made a better eater friendly and a visually appealing meal had they sliced it. The portion was generous but did not matter as the taste once again was bland as the other dishes we tried. 

Friend #3 got some sort of beef dish that was nothing but grizzle, all she was able to eat was the white rice and the black beans she spit up. Literally had a plate of wasted meat left. She probably should have sent it back as was basically inedible. The service was slow, and not very friendly, did not seem like a good outcome if a complaint was issued, I think that is the vibe we felt. Still I would have issued my complaint as they can not improve something if they are not aware or getting the complaint. 

Service and food very disappointing. 

The tab was $80.00 for four of us for bad service and plain, unflavored food. We will NOT be back. 

Also the flat screen TV blasting the Michael Jackson videos, over and over and over and over and over was overkill. We could not hear each other so we had very little conversation between the four of us. 

A hilarious moment, the waitress walked past our table and because the music video was soooooo freakin loud the waitress did not even hear my friend calling her! We just wanted to ask if they could turn it down. Several other patrons were talking about it as well. Ok they were not talking about it as I could not hear anyone, I mean I was lip reading along with watching people point to their ears so I am assuming they were thinking the same as we were that the music was way too loud. Don't get me wrong...music is my life but when I dine I am not really down for a taped concert at the same time. It was ridiculous how loud it was.

This place sucks balls...and not the good kind! 

This place just gave reason for a bitch fest that night from my friends, and they are not even Yelpers! I never want to endure that again!

They should also train their employees on cuban food, not cool for a specialty restaurant to have staff that is clueless in regards to the menu.

Service sucks 
Poor food 
Pricey