Wish I could rate negative stars.... With so many bar choices this place is by far the worst.

Last Saturday a group of friends went out for a friend's birthday celebration in Scottsdale and decided if we split up that we would meet at the end of the night at Loco Patron. It was increasingly obvious that the staff was hostile and irritated that they could not close up early. We finished our last call drinks and started to head out. The friend who was celebrating his birthday waited behind at the bar until his friends left the bathroom. At this point two bouncers became extremely agitated at our friend and demanded that he put down his drink and leave. My friend started to explain his reason for not leaving (friends still in bathroom) but was quickly cut off. I watched from the patio as the two bouncers (both obviously larger in height and weight then my friend) quickly escalate from talking to both grabbing my friend under the arms and start to carry him out. As he was carried backwards he lost his balance and tumbled back with both bouncers on top of him. The bouncers slammed him down headfirst on the cement outside of the establishment, pinned him down with their elbows and hit him. At this point I had run behind the bouncers and was yelling at them to get off of him. I had already taken out my phone to call 911 and I quickly tried to take a picture to show that they were using excessive force. We demanded to see the manager at which point the bouncer said he was the manager and refused our request. He swiped my friend's phone down out of his hand and broke it on the ground. Several people had called 911 at this point and we waited outside for the police to arrive. The police arrived and took down the bouncers' information and stated that they would be recording this incident.

 I am absolutely adamant in saying that neither I nor my friends will ever frequent Loco Patron again. We were treated disrespectfully by untrained staff who were either too eager to close up to get home or get a power high by manhandling non threatening, non physical patrons of their establishment. Based on the behavior of the two bouncers I assume that this bar operates without any written guidelines on how bouncers should conduct themselves. What I witnessed was full on assault and an infringement on human rights and I plan on writing any regulatory agency I can think of. These people make a bad name for all of the bouncers out there that conduct themselves within the guidelines of the law.