No stars for service, and 2 stars for food which averages to 1 star. I have been going to Sylvia's since it was a cart on the street corner and ever since they converted to full service about a year or so ago, I have been thinking I was going to have to find a new Mexican food favorite. 

The flour chips are amazing, and the salsa is to die for, but on Sunday night those two things did not out way how bad things were. It was 6pm, which we thought would be prime dinner service time. There were three other tables, that had people sitting at them. They were out of Modelo??? I thought that was a Mexican food dark beer staple?!?!?!? Then someone else in our party was drinking Coors Light and after one they ran out of Coors Light! Really!!!! We all were out of drinks for most of our meal, and when drinks were refilled the sodas were not correct. Two peoples dinners fell on the floor before they were served, and a green corn tamale had meat in it?!?!?! Again I have been going to this restaurant for a long time, and I know what to expect in the things I order and this was not it. 

Once we got all or our food, we were still missing a side of sour cream. When I ask the server for our sour cream, it took 10 minutes to get the sour cream, and by that point our meal was more than 50% over. It then took another 20 minutes to get our bill which I had to go up and ask for. While I was standing out the counter one of the women in the back said, "can someone else get that I am sick of getting it". REALLY, we had a party of 7 and the worst service EVER! The bill was not even correct. When I said something about the service the waitress said she was the only one working and she was sorry, but that was not true there were at least three other people bring food out and helping around the service area and not once did they offer drink refills, chips, or salsa. 

Sylvia's really needs to get back to having the restaurant where you order, sit down, an open salsa bar, and your food is brought to you. That was when the restaurant was good. With the full service as it has been for a little over a year now, the service has gotten worse and worse, to the point that I might not go back.