We bought a groupon coupon for this restaurant for $25, and it had a value of $50.
Now we are locals... so we can eat all over town from between 15-25 dollars.   But I took a chance... and we went into this overpriced tourist trap.   It is located in Treasure Island.   

First of all we had our kids with us.. and when we walked through the casino to the restaurant, they said it would be about 15 min and that we could sit on the bench outside the restaurant.   We sat down there, and then one of the Casino Security People came by to say that my children could not sit there, that they had to stand in the restaurant.   I protested but he acted like he wouldn't mind kicking us out of the Casino altogether... so we complied.    

Once seated, I told the waitress that we had a groupon coupon, and that we wanted to spend $50  but no more and no less.  She offered to let me know how much it was as the meal progressed and I said great.   Well, the place was fun and the signs on the ceiling were fun to read... and we were enjoying the tourist flavor of the place.  We ordered.... but the menu was very expensive.   Appetizers were $28  slammers were 13 clam chowder was 8 and a couple of beverages brought the tab to $67 dollars?

Then I had some trouble with the waitress taking my cell phone... then demanding that I go online to the Groupon site...so she could redeem my coupon.  I went there after some awkward moments... and it was already redeemed.  Then I asked for my bill and a to go box, and she brought the bill, but after that.... she went on to wait on other tables,... and we had to go hunting for a to go box.   

The food.... the food was ok, but not HOT, the soup was lukewarm,   the pepsi was in a tiny little mug......the sauces were old and prepared in advance so the Guacamole was dark on top... the sour cream had water around it... so it was sitting in a fridge for a few hours...... the whole experience was a dissapointment, as I didn't expect to have to pay another $25 for the balance of the tab and tip.

I will not be returning to this place.   So after a  long drive to the strip.. having to park and walk a mile.... waiting and being harrassed by security, then finding that  this place is priced so high.... that even with a groupon coupon... it is a rip off...I don't recommend anyone go there.   There are so many great restaurants off the strip.... we have gone to Senor Frogs in Mazatlan and Puerto Vallarta... but I don't think their prices were so high.. and at least they cooked the food fresh and hot.