WARNING TO VEGETARIANS...DO NOT GO HERE. 
I was questioned by the waitress, "Do you even like Mexican food?"  I do. I REALLY do. However, I do not like YOUR Mexican food.....

My boyfriend and I were vacationing in Vegas, and wanted to eat a a local taqueria. Using the highly recommended ratings on yelp, we decided to hit this joint on the way out to the airport. 

This was our last outing in Vegas, and after four days of excess and all nighters, I was admittedly cranky, and we stopped here just so I could get out of the car. 


I was super pleased with the chips and salsa, so tasty! I was super excited for the food.Until I got the menu...

That said, NOTHING on the menu was veggie friendly, and it was primarily seafood. I asked the waitress for the tortilla accompanied by black beans, lettuce, tomato, mexican queso and salsa verde. I also asked for avocado on the side. I really wanted to stress that no meat should be anywherwe near my plate, which prompted the the nasty question from the waitress, which got us off on the wrong foot. I have even had veggie friendly foodstuff IN MEXICO, but due to time constraints and the fact I am unable to understand insults in Spanish-- I did'nt want to start in on it, so I let that snideness ride. 

My boyfriend ordered a Torta, and was told several muinutes later that the kitchen was not making those today, so he settled for a chicken empanada. This place was also out of soda, so I ordered and orange-mango juice. 

After a VERY long wait for a seemingly simple order at a seemingly empty restaurant, I got served a nasty surprise of a gross thick tortilla covered with a smatter of sour cream and a quartered avocado smeared randomly on said tortilla. The whole dish was DROWNING in a sea of runny salsa verde. No beans, no rice, no lettuce. no tomato.  My bf was also non plussed by his unflavorful empanada. The juice tasted like super watered down Goya. I had two bites and two drinks- and I was done. I would have sent mine back, but we waited FOREVER, and at that point we needed to haul ass to get to the airport.
 
This hot mess was $16 bucks. Pretty reasonable for two people,no?  But, if you wanted to follow menu prices--- This bill was supposed to be about $10. 

I give this one star because the salsa and chips were good, and apparently I can't give zero stars.