I brought my mother here a few days before Mother's Day for dinner.  The food was horrible.  I had a combo which was a beef taco, an a cheese enchilada and they said it was a tostado... but it was the size of a 50-cent piece.  I love Mexican food and there are so many kinds. I've experienced the vey high end expensive (where we go out with work and it's on the company dime), do your local hole in the wall Mexican joint where the entire staff is Mexican.  I've found great restaurants along the entire spectrum.

However, this place is just god awful.  From what I gather, there are new owners with little to no restaurant experience.  There clearly is no one in the kitchen who is responsible for coming up with the menu, or if there is... they need to fire him/her immediately.  

The taco - the basics of Mexican.  Mine so literally dripping of grease, and since it was a combo it just came on its side, bathing in the grease it was cooked it.  I picked it up and squeezed it and it just popped grease out it's back end for quite a while.  And the beef...did it even have beef, what was that crap?

The cheese enchilada.  Again, one of the most simple things to make, however I don't know what they use for their enchilada sauce but after one bite I thought I was going to throw up.  I'm not making this up folks.  That enchilada sauce has something in it, some ingredient, that needs to be removed.  

And the tostada... my God, it couldn't be any smaller.  Seriously, take one of the chips they give you when you sit down and it's smaller than that.  Why bother even having it in the combo if it's going to be so small that you can shove the whole thing in your mouth in one bite.  

Staff - great waiter.  

Saw who I presume to be one of the owners running around like a chicken with his head cut off.  Sloppily dressed, shirt hanging out over his gut.  All of the staff had uniforms, at least an Asado t-shirt, so I'm pretty sure this was the owner, or one of them; not exactly the image you want to portray when you are the owner.  

What is sad is that this place has potential.  Great location, interior decorations are great, it looks like they have a nice patio being built, but... and this is a big BUTT - these folks clearly do not know how to run a restaurant and I am just guessing that they have zero experience in the restaurant business.  Just get a few hundred thousand dollars, spiff up the place, and the customers and the money will start rolling in.  It doesn't work that way!

If you want to stay in business I strongly suggest:
1 - fire whoever is in charge of the menu and the cooking.  You need FRESH food, non-greasy, and you need to knock out the basics.  If you can't even get a taco, tostado, or a cheese enchilada right, then you are in serious trouble.   Did I say FIRE the chef?
2 - Be more professional.  If you are the owner and you look like a slob - DON'T interact with the customers!
3 - Bring someone in who knows how to change up your menu, look at your value proposition/vision (which you clearly don't at this point) and change things around before its too late.
4 - I had a good waiter, but I was watching the rest and watching cute young girls with long hair running their fingers through their hair is just disgusting. Go in any successful restaurant and you will see that they don't let girls continually play with their hair.  They tie it back AWAY from the food.
5- Figure out if you want to be a dive, a sports bar, a fine dining restaurant, etc.  You guys are all over the place.
6 -Did I mention you need a serious change up in the kitchen?  Seriously, your food is just awful.  

Are you reading these reviews?  Are you just ignoring the bad ones and loving the good ones?  Well, put these reviews in date order and you'll see that you have a big problem on your hands.  I imagine the bills are starting to add up pretty quickly as you sure don't seem very busy.  

My advice to people - go try it out soon because it's going to be gone in the blink of an eye.