No. Just. No. 

The decor was a little loud for my taste, and the same Selena dvd was played three times while we were there, which got old real fast. It's also not in the best part of town, but hey, it happens. 

The food was good, I'll give them that. I ordered the ropa vieja, and enjoyed it, or would have if they'd gotten the order right. It states quite clearly on the menu that ropa vieja comes with papas fritas (french fries). My plate came with white steamed rice and a bowl of beans. When I asked the waitress politely about my fries, she told me (rudely) that my meal did not come with fries. I protested, saying it was on the menu, and she told me outright that I was wrong, and walked away. I had no menus handy or I would have showed her. Half the reason I ordered what I did was because I was craving some french fries. I don't think I've ever been told flat out that I was WRONG at a restaurant before. Not only that, but we ordered ONE pitcher of margaritas, but she brought out another over the course of the meal, which we did not drink or order. These margaritas were awful. I don't think they used real tequila. No one at our table finished a glass. Then we were told we were being charged $24 a pitcher, when we hadn't even touched the other pitcher. Um. No. 

Not only that, but we had a rather large party. I understand that this can be difficult for small restaurants. However, when we arrived, there was only one other table occupied. But people who came in after us starting receiving their food before a quarter of the people at our table received their meals. Come on! You don't serve the new orders before you've gotten the first table done! 

Other people at my table got the wrong food, too. My father-in-law can't eat cheese, and so he specifically requested NO CHEESE in the enchiladas or on the beans. He received cheese on both and had to send it back. 

The service here was AWFUL. The waitress was surly and never available except when she brought a plate of food out (which was once every ten minutes). I absolutely DO NOT recommend this place, especially if you have a group of people over four. Too bad, cause the food is good.