I didn't enjoy my experience at all. I just left and I feel disgusted. I'm still hungry and I feel sick to my stomach. For the record, the food was less than average and the atmosphere was uninviting. I was so excited to try this place, but now I'm regretting it 1000%.

I ordered 2 Large Shrimp Tacos, 2 Small Chicken Tacos, 2 Small Steak Tacos, 1 WET Steak Burrito, 1 Chicken Nacho and 1 Chimichangas, which came with rice and beans.

Let me mention, I had a voucher that took $15 off my total. I asked the cashier if we would get chips and salsa while waiting for our food. The lady told me, "Chips and Salsa are only for customers who eat there." I told her that we were eating there. She then said, "No, customers who order, maybe a Cnchiladas Combo and they're waiting for their food." She then said, "you're already getting a good deal." I told her that I had to pay for the voucher, so it's not like i'm getting over. She said, "oh, I know, but it's still a good deal." I have to admit, I was upset, she wasn't treating us like an equal, just because I was getting a discount.

Either way, it took like 15 minutes for us to get our food. They bagged it all To-Go as if we couldn't eat there. We politely, picked a seat and sat down. We un-bagged all of our food and started taking pictures and eating. Let me mention, no one ever came over and asked if we needed anything or offered water or anything.

I started on the chicken nachos. I noticed that the chicken meat was in a food warmer, and I guess the warmer wasn't doing its job, because the chicken wasn't warm, at all. The chicken was really cold and the nachos were dry. They didn't have enough cheese or anything. I ate a lot of them, simply because I didn't want to waste food or money.

The Shrimp Tacos were average. Nothing special there. The Chicken and Steak Tacos were all below average. The chicken, again, was cold. The steak was warmer but it just did't taste like Steak. The shells were also disgusting.

The WET Steak burrito was probably the best thing we ordered. I ate half of it before I got sick. I believe the sauce massed the flavor of the actually burrito. I really just tasted sauce, but the sauce tasted better than everything else.

I didn't get a chance to taste the Chimichanga Combo, because I was already sick to my stomach. I'm not sure if the cold food that caused it or the fact that nothing tasted like real food. It may have been when I thought about the fact that the cook doesn't wear gloves and he also has full conversations over food. Either way, I was sick and we left.

My friend and I both agreed that we will not be going back.