5 stars for the food, but I wish I could put zero for service. 
The people that took our order were so rude, I have a family of 7 and that means a lot of food. They kept brushing me off while I was ordering, I had to repeat the first 3 plates, which were simply 2 tacos, 1 cheese quesadilla and one steak quesadilla kids meal.  When I finished ordering those,I asked about the sides and she said No. You do that at the end, Then my daughter started to order her food and the girl stopped listening to have a full conversation with another employee about her party last night! We stood there for several minutes with a huge line behind us waiting for her to finish her gossip!
By the time I got to the end, they had given the 2 quesadillas to the person in front of me.  And the girl asked why I let them do that! I said " I'm sorry we are still ordering" she then turned to the guy at the grill and told him to make new ones, and he asked why, then we had to wait for her to give him an explanation.
 The girl at the register said my order was making her eyes hurt, and the yelled ouch and grabbed her armpit. I don't know what that was about. 
We got our food to the table and there were no knives left with the silverware, so my daughter asked if they had knives and the girl looked under the cabinet, walked halfway to the back and came out and said they were all out. We had to go to another restaurant to get them, because she was too lazy to get some from the back. 
When we were about to leave we ordered my oldest daughters burrito to go, and when we went to get her a fork, the knife bin was full! So they weren't out after all! My husband also asked for lids for our food  , and a girl gave him the plastic lids and the other woman asked him why he needed them, he said "for my family" She took them out of his hands and got some flat cardboard lids, which we had to smash our food to fit into! 
I hate to say this, but we will not be returning. This was the most stressful dinner I have ever taken my family too. Someone needs to train these employees better, because my family of 7 has never had such a horrible dining experience! I understand there are a lot of us, but we are always very polite and patient, there was no excuse for the way we were treated.