Reserved a cabana for a friends bachelorette through VIP Services (highly advertised on their website).  Had been here a few times before, no issues, had a lot of fun.  Once I determined that Spanish Fly would work for us, there were multiple e-mails back and forth between the VIP host and myself about details for the event and I had confidence that everything would be made perfect for our group of 25 girls that night.  I talked it up to many in our group because others had made different suggestions as to other places for the evening, but I really pushed for Spanish Fly because of the way the communication was going with the VIP host and myself.  I truly felt they would make my friend feel special.  Unfortunately, I could not have been more wrong.  

When I arrived with the 20+ girls in my group, I discovered that absolutely none of the decorations I hand delivered in 2 separate trips that day (at the offering/suggestion of the host) had been set up in our cabana (which was not even a cabana...just a square couch with a folded down umbrella. Cabanas are reserved only for those getting bottle service).  I was taken to a back office to speak with the hostes and a manager and was told that there were multiple bachelorette parties that evening and there was some confusion as to who's decorations were for which party.  I had clearly labeled my decorations with a very large slip of paper with the bride's name on it (who the reservation for the evening was under) so I'm not quite sure where the confusion came into play, and the other bachelorette party I saw there that evening didn't appear to have any decorations.  I also sent the host an e-mail after I finished dropping off the 2nd set of decorations the day of the party asking if I needed to do anything else to be sure that the decorating was taken care of as I wanted to be certain everything would be set up for us when we arrived.  It was a terrible disappointment that it wasn't.  Not only did I miss out on all of the fun at the hotel pool with the rest of the bridal party so I could drop things off at the club, but the situation made me, as the organizer, look like I was the one who let the ball drop.  To make matters worse, while the host ran around trying to set things up at the last minute, nobody was told to come and take care of us while we waited.  The manager should certainly have been the one to be sure that was happening rather than continuing to sit in the back office.  

The host finally showed us to our seat, which wasn't the area where I had originally requested at all, but completely on the opposite side of the club and as far away from the dance floor as possible.  We were finally brought some complimentary shots, and what I thought were complimentary pitchers of drinks to make up for our trouble.  However, at the end of the evening, I was charged for the pitchers as well.  Every other bar we had been to that evening happily to provided our party with complimentary shots, even if it was just in passing.  Had I known the shots were all that the hostess was providing us with for this huge faux pas, I would have asked her to give me my bag of decorations and left.  

Awesome service by Jenn, can't say enough good things about her.  DJ and his house music sucked.  When the server has a party who's been seriously pissed off, get over yourself and play the bride-to-be a remix of the song she wants to hear.  Have written a letter to the owner.  If he corrects the situation, I will change my rating.