Gave this a try based on other Yelp reviews. You know how you read about a restaurant with mixed reviews, and you just hope that the reviewers with the bad reviews were really picky? Yeah, that's what I was hoping.

I'm here to say that the reviews weren't wrong; service is definitely lacking at La Catrina, and one of the reasons we likely won't return.

When we arrived around 6 for dinner, there were multiple tables on the right side of the restaurant shoved together, with a bunch of kids and adults who looked to have recently been to a swim meet. There were several booths in the area with kids and adults too. 

The person seating my husband and I bypassed several empty tables on the left side of the restaurant, and tried to seat us at a booth in between and right in the middle of all the kids and adults.

I've got nothing against kids, but why would you sit two adults who are just hoping to have a nice meal in the very center of tables with mostly kids when there are so many other tables available?

I asked that we move to a different area, so instead of putting us somewhere quieter, he just moved us to a booth on the other side of the same section. Noise level was pretty intense until the large groups left.

We tried to order beers on draft, but were informed draft beer was not available for some reason. So we ordered two bottled beers. It took 10+ minutes for us to get our beers. I was in full sight of the bar so I watched as our waiter didn't even try going to the bar to get our beers until roughly the 10 minute mark. 

When our beers were finally brought, my husband had been given the wrong one. The waiter was pouring out of the bottles into the glasses and my husband had to ask him to remove his hand from the label so he could confirm which beer it was. He'd ordered a darker beer and noticed the beer being poured was more of a light ale/lager style.

Our food wasn't memorable, but it was okay. Salsa was really watered down and runny.

There are so many better Mexican restaurants within a 5 minute drive, that I just can't imagine why we would ever return here again.