Went here last night... Usually every time I've gone it's been great!  Not this time, we walked In around 9 pm after I got off work. We were seated promptly and in a nice booth, while we waited for maybe 8 min I noticed the time because I had been watching my phone.... Then the manager walks by noticed we were still waiting thanks to him, Nestor came to our table. Let me say this server had no personality we were greeted with "do you want a drink?" We order two Cadillac margaritas ($10 each) he brought out the drinks... "Do you want to order?"  Sure can we start out with the guacamole!  Now I assume that table side guac would include some sort if conversation other then just "how spicy do you want?"   Nope not for us that night... After he finishes mixing our guac he places it on the table next to our chips and salsa that were brought to the table while we waited on a server to come to the table... So by now we have less then half of our chips. One would think that when you order a app of guacamole you would get more chips? Next Nestor wants us to order  with his over the top "do you want to order now?" Sure I say because by now I'm over him and his lack of service skills lets just order... We both order and my boyfriends food comes correct but looks like a microwaved set of chips and cheese with dry (ill guess had been sitting in a third pan in a steam table all night) chicken with canned jalapeño that they call nachos! Great I ordered 2 chicken tacos that came with soup rice and beans... I received    2 chicken tacos on a plate.... Nothing else lucky for me the food runner brought out out food and I quickly let him know I was missing half of my order... He was really nice about it and said he would fix it (I wish he was my server at least he cared about what was going on at the table!).  The only time we got to see our server again was 1 while he stood in the middle if the dinning room watching the game highlights on the tvs or 2 when he came by to say "want another drink?" Never to ask how was our meal was or would you like dessert?? Nothing it had to be the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant!!!  My boyfriend always has a sweet tooth so I really wanted to order him a dessert... But when the bill was just dropped off at the table I was over it! All in all my bill was 75 dollars I have never left a server less then 20% EVER but this was the worst night ever I left him $10 and that was being nice... i wanted to write on the bill what i thought about the service but really thought would he even care???  I was so mad with the evening we left to go to smiths to buy wine and dessert since we both had a horrible experience I assumed I would have a better time at home! Should have picked up Roberto's and made my own guac and drinks at home! At least I would have had a great dinner and would have saved money....