This place is 0 for 3 so far. The first time I ate here was the day after it opened so the place was packed but we had heard so many good things that we decided to wait out the line but order our food to go. When we finally made our way up to where you order they asked us the initial order questions but then continued to ask us what we wanted on our burritos even though the line hadn't moved. To accurately paint the picture for you- I am 5 foot tall standing behind 5 1/2 foot sneeze guard glass as the person making my food yells from the other end of the very loud and very crowded restaurant what else I want on my burrito. Unfortunately at this point the person making our order decides to guess what we want and completely screwed up our nacho order and was visibly frustrated when we finally made our way to our food and explained that is not what we ordered. The only reason we came back the second time is because our parents really enjoyed the San Tan location and wanted to try this location. Again, as we made our way down the line they would add items to our food before we even had the chance to say that we didn't want that. My mother in law is lactose intolerant and didn't even get a chance to say no cheese before they added a heaping handful into her burrito and then received an exaggerated sigh when she told them no cheese and they had to start over. Today my family decided to meet at this location again and even though they were not busy they still could not get it right. My husband ordered no tortilla in his salad but even though the person taking his order nodded that they understood still started the salad with a tortilla at the bottom. My husband didn't mention it because it wasn't that big of a deal but again as my mother in law ordered her burrito with no cheese they still had to remake it. To clarify: my mother in law said I would like a chicken burrito with out cheese then watched him start the burrito knowing he would probably still add cheese hoping she could catch him reaching for it but he moved through her order so quickly that even though she was ready for it she couldn't catch him. How does this place stay in business if they keeping having to remake orders? 

Pros: I love fast casual concept restaurants and the food here is good.

Cons: they rush through your order and do not pay attention to what you actually want - or do not want-  in your food.