I really didn't think I would ever have a reason to re-review this Chipotle location, nor did  I ever dream that I would have a reason to give it such a poor rating.  However, my fiancé recently got TERRIBLE food poisoning from this place.  He went to the hospital and tested positive for salmonella after eating a Chipotle chicken bowl.  It was all he had eaten for many hours, so the results of his tests were pretty conclusive.

I went in to let the manager know what happened... I didn't want anyone else to get sick.  When I told her what my fiancé had experienced, she said, "oh, that's impossible.  Our chicken is all-natural.  It can't make you sick."  Oh, so it's MAGIC chicken???  I didn't even know what to say... that's SO wrong... so I suggested that maybe it hadn't been prepped properly then.  Her response?  "You are mistaken.  All my employees do everything right."  So then, what am I left to think?  She basically accused me of lying.  I don't know how you could, given that I have conclusive medical tests and the lingering smell of vomit on my shirt to prove my point.  I was nice about it when I came in - I didn't want anything more than to be assured that expiration dates would be checked and safety procedures reinforced.  Instead, I was dismissed and made to feel like a fool.

To the company's credit, I contacted the national headquarters because I felt like we were dealing with a pretty serious safety issue.  My complaints definitely didn't fall upon deaf ears.  Within the hour, I received an email that they had launched an immediate investigation of this restaurant.  Some pretty egregious issues were found with this location, so we won't be back.  Regardless, I have to give credit to the company for taking swift action to address our concerns.  

Still, it is sad that I had to go to such lengths to ensure that safety protocol is followed.  I can't believe a manager would dismiss my claims rather than just taking a minute to check expiration dates on the food.  I didn't get so much as an apology!  I don't tend to take things lying down, and this time was no exception.  I have it on good authority that the manager is no longer with the company and some staff retraining will be occurring.  I can sleep better at night knowing that maybe, just maybe, this won't happen to someone else.  My fiancé was VERY, VERY seriously ill for a while because of this, and I won't forget what he went through next time I even THINK about stepping food into a Chipotle!