no thanks.... and here's why...

i ordered from mas amigos online for pick up.  the address was listed on springfield... my husband went to pick it up.   20 minutes later, he returns to tell me the building is empty.  he has no idea where to go.  i called the number and asked if they had moved, and the woman on the phone said, "yes.  to university ave."  i tell her my husband is coming to pick up an order.  he will be there in 20 minutes.  she says, "no problem."

he gets back in the car... and away he goes.  across town.  again.

he has been gone for about 20 minutes when the phone rings.  a man tells me he is delivering my food from mas amigos, and he can't seem to find my address.  i tell him i've ordered online for pick up, not delivery.  he tells me that "pick up" is no longer an option.  no longer an option?!  as of when?!  20 minutes ago?  

i direct the man to my door who hands me the food, i've already paid for online.  i tell him my husband is sitting in his restaurant right now, waiting to pick this food up.  he shrugs his shoulders at me, and sort of walks off, telling me to apologize to my husband for him.  (yep.  that ought to do it.  i'm sure he will be supremely less pissed now.)

my husband comes in the door 20 minutes later with no food.  he tells me that he was charged for our food again at the restaurant because the woman at the counter (who ironically was reading "things fall apart") didn't know that there was any order for pick up.  she re-rung the entire order and charged him for it.  she then received a call from the delivery guy explaining what had happened.  she said she couldn't void the transaction, and that the manager would do it when he came in the next day.  

guess what?  he didn't, and it took me two days of calling him to get it done.  guess what?  my food was cold when i got it and it was so not worth paying for it once.  guess what?  i'll never eat at mas amigos again.  their customer service was crap.  

their website information was wrong -- the address, the pick up vs. delivery information, even their phone number was incorrect.

the employees seemed to not even know what was going on or what the policies were.  the manager was unapologetic and they didn't handle this situation very well at all.  

if their food is good, i have no idea, and i probably won't know because i won't order from them again.