Apparently Yelp hides reviews written in Spanish or sends them to the bottom.  Being that this restaurant is a Latin restaurant where most clients speak Spanish, I wrote my review in Spanish but here's my review in English.

THREE TIMES, I have received bad food!  I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone for Salvadorean food.

I tried to give the place a chance but after three times of the same bad food, I just decided its best to let go.

The chicken or fish dinner plates are horrible.  The meat itself is dry and it seems they are not fresh.  When these complaints are brought to the staffs and subsequently to the owners attention they simply are indifferent and do nothing to resolve the problem.

The last time, I ordered to go and was so angry after I got home and discovered a poorly cooked and tasting fried fish. Gross. I immediately called and over the phone the owner offered to refund the money or another replacement dinner the following day as they were closing for the night. So I was without dinner that night and had to put something simple and quick at home. 

The next day and the following days after, nobody wanted to do good on their word of giving me a replacement dinner, even though the owner claimed he would leave a note to inform his staff in charge.  i didn't even want my money but after a few days i demanded a refund, and it was then that they offered to replaced the fish, the fish ONLY because they felt that was the only thing that was not to par.  seriously?lol i laughed at their lack of professionalism.  who buys a dinner plate just for one of the items? a dinner plate is made up of all the items on it to provide you with a delicious eating experience. that means the salad, the rice as well.  so that day they only gave me a fish! LOL i felt that i was transported to El Salvador, a third world country.  Certainly thats the only place where they would think this to be good business practice.

They're a joke! The food is horrible. The chicken and fish is not fresh. Even the second fish was in the same condition.  One of the waitresses even made a comment that's how they do things. She even suggested ordering pupusas as they tend to have less issues with that, some times.  

Only because you are a Latin restaurant that doesn't mean you have to provide a substandard service.  There are many other Latin restaurants that do a great job.  This place needs to take notes from them.