Used to love this location.  Not anymore.

Two new faces recently joined the familiar, pleasant employees and it hasn't been a change for the better. 

On a recent visit I was ordering two bowls. They began one and then in order to catch up on a phone in order that was seemingly overlooked by the girl peering slyly over the cook station, the male who must be seeking brownie points with said coquette, shoved this order in between my two bowls.

 In an attempt to let him know that my other bowl would not be ready when I reached the register I said "That bowl back there is also my bowl" indicating the bowl that was now third in line.  He said in a nasty dismissive tone "I GOT this! " 

The next person in the prep line then asked me what I wanted on the NEXT bowl, which of course was not mine.  I replied "That isn't my bowl...THAT is my bowl" pointing back 3 places in the lineup.  

Again the arrogant guy said in his nasty way "WE GOT THIS!"  I shrugged and stood there.  

He barked out the toppings order on the to go's order and closed them up.   While I stood there unable to finish my order or to pay.

Eventually they had all four bowl sealed up and the register lady said "These are your bowls?"  Indicating the bowls sitting on the counter still as arrogant guy had begun bagging the other two.  I said "I don't believe so" 

The arrogant whips around and says "Yes, they are"  And I said "Then what are those?"  Indicating two sides of liquid sitting on top of the bowls.  He says "That's your salad dressing"  I said "Great, but I didn't order a salad". 

 No apology, no nothing he just grabbed the two dressings and put them in the correct bag for the lady who had been waiting for her order.  

Once he removed himself from the line up the rest of my order went well...excepting for the fact that he seemed to find it necessary to turn his back to me and to whisper his accounting of events to two very uncomfortable looking employees (they were embarrassed that he was talking smack about me but he must be the supervisor so all they could do was shift nervously and keep their mouths shut. 

 The little honey the male seemed so eager to placate stared out from behind the prep counter with a smug expression.  Man do they have trouble brewing at this location with this damsel and her gallant knight.