HMMMM......still no option for zero stars??? well I wish i could give a better review, but it's hard to when you NEVER get greeted!!! LOL So i'll try.....this was the first time i've ever gotten up and walked out of a restaurant. My wife wanted to stay and complain, but we were both pretty hungry already and didnt really want to wait around to talk to some 'Joe Shmoe' Manager, who obviously doesn't give a crap about service and hospitality.

We walked in at about 8:15-8:20pm lastnight, no hostess, nobody there to greet us. Stood there for about 4-5min, finally a girl walks by and asks, "oh do you need a table?"

So at this point, a little annoyed, but oh well they must have cut the hostess early that night? Start looking at the menu, a couple minutes go by, still no server. We see a couple different servers walk by our table and glance at us but just ignored us. So i guess those servers were all cut? or it wasnt their turn? 

We both knew that they didnt have the full staff of servers on still, but you'd think somebody would eventually greet us.

So we finish looking at the menu, sat there for another couple minutes. Saw another 2 different servers walk by us and talk to the two booths on both sides of us to ask how things were, and both walked away without talking to us.

I could understand maybe miscommunication, or if we had beverage napkins down already, or if we had walked over from the bar and already had drinks, maybe everyone who walked by us just assumed we had already been helped....
but NO!! nothing! we had nothing infront of us, other than 2 folded up menus that we both had read over almost 4 times!! LOL

Then there was one busser that walked by and kind of glanced at us after we had been there for 5 mintues and he could tell something was up. But still nothing.

Then i turned to my wife and said, "ok lets just go, this is garbage." we were both kind of hesitant about walking about, because we had never done it, but this was a joke! she asked are you sure? should we say something? i said, "to who? nobody is stopping at our table to greet us, just get up, follow me, lets go."

So as we were sliding out of the booth, we left the menus on the table, nobody tried to stop us or ask us what was wrong, obviously nobody cared. Headed to the exit, right past the host stand. Noticed there were 3 girl servers just hanging out kind of off to the side of the host stand, but still in front for everyone to see. Just chatting with themselves, all of them messing with their phones, one girl had her purse on so she must have been leaving soon. All 3 girls were oblivious and watched us walk out.

Now i've been going to Macayo's since i was 12, back when there was only one location over in mesa, then the one in downtown tempe, and been coming to this location since it opened back when i was in high school. Now the tempe location is great, still go there, the patio is cool, never had a problem there. 

But here, this garbage ahwatukee location, yea its gotten to that point now, garbage. It started off good when it first opened about 10 years ago. But over the years this location has reeeeaaallly dropped off. Not so much the food, dont get me wrong the food has still been consistantly good, but the service over the years! BLEH!!! just like the 17 different times they've re-painted the outside of the restaurant!!!  LOL
 I know management and staffs change over the years, but you can really tell that they dont care anymore.

So anyone in the ahwatukee area if you're in the mood for mexican food dont even consider Macayo's on 48th & Warner. You'd be better off going to the Taco Bell right there for better service. Or just down 48th street to chandler for Arriba's(which is where we ended uo going).