UGH!!  so disappointed!!!  I've been here a few times and enjoyed it for the most part....but since expanding it....they seem to have hired on more staff that is just TERRIBLE.  we had a to-go order that i asked my husband to go pick up.....i ordered the pollo fundido with a side of rice.  my husband came home with something that looked like a burrito with a little pile of wilted lettuce on the side.  okay fine.....restaurants screw stuff up....i've worked as a food server for most of my 20's to know that it happens sometimes.  so i got in my car to take it back and ask them to right the wrong.  THE GIRLS AT THE COUNTER ARE JUST AWFUL.  i got all kinds of excuses about how she was typing when i called in my order and that's why she got it wrong.  whatever girl....just fix my food so i can get home.....now that i can't eat with my family.  she forgot to add rice to my order and then acted like she was doing me a favor by telling me she wouldn't charge me for it.  good thing.....cuz i didn't bring my wallet or purse.  i sit down and wait for my food........it shows up like a minute later.  NOW that's great service.....i thought.  i grabbed my bag and headed out the door.  

I left thinking that the order was right.   They wouldn't dare screw it up twice, right?  WRONG.  i got home to find my pollo fundido covered with COLD sauce and unmelted shredded cheeses.  the whole thing was ruined.....cold.....unedible......it's fried.....i wasn't about to microwave it.  so i called the restaurant at this point instead of driving up there for a third time.  I got the same girl that screwed up my order in the first place. "oh....sorry about that.....but you can come back in for a free meal another time.....but let me get my manager to make sure we do that"........a couple of minutes later......."yes ma'am.....our policy is that when you come in you can have a free pollo fundido".......what?  how is it free at this point? you still haven't fixed my unedible meal at this point.  it's not free......and what if i don't feel like pollo fundido next time?  "sorry ma'am.....that's all we can offer you"   O-kee-dokee.  i asked to speak with the manager (Erika).....she then tells me the same thing the counter girl had told me.....not willing to fix the problem for customer satisfaction.....on top of the fact that she sounded even younger than the shrew working the counter. at that point....i was done. all the reviews about the girls working the dining room are correct.  they were all standing around while i stood there waiting to talk to someone about my order.....looking at me....then looking away......i mean....how about a "is there something i can help you with?"  i doubt the owner reads this.  i have seen a few responses to yelp reviews....but usually only thanking people for good reviews.....so i'm sure this will disappear into the abyss of internet reviews......maybe after you have to close your restaurant due to your staff's inability to have attention to detail in YOUR family owned establishment......maybe then you will read these and understand what happened.  it wasn't the food......the food is usually pretty good....enough to keep me going back a couple of times previously......but your staff.......tsk tsk tsk......such a shame. how about you teach them to check the food before it goes out?  ain't that hard!!!