Man where I do I begin. Allow me to start by saying that if you are not white, don't bother going here. (I would strongly recommend Macayo's). My family and I decided to celebrate the 4th of July at this restaurant. It was kind of dead, so we figured it would be fast and good service.  Boy were we wrong. First, the food took over 40 minutes to arrive. When the waitress noticed we were starting to look upset, she approaches us and tells us that the reason the meals are taken too long was due to the steak we had ordered which we had ordered "well done". She also said she wasn't allowed to bring out any meals until the steak was done. I was understanding and we continued to wait. In the meanwhile within those 40 minutes or more, we noticed 3 other white couples who came in after us got their orders before us. Finally, they began bringing the food out and you would think this is where it actually gets better, but in actuality it gets worse. My sister in laws order was wrong (her steak was chopped into bite size squares), my father-in-laws fish platter contained a rubbery-like texture to it (as if it had been sitting around unprepared), my wife's machaca taco came out so greasy and the taste was unbearable. I can almost guarantee that  it was a taco left over from the night before and re-thrown on the fryer (stale taste). Lastly, my steak, the one I've been waiting for patiently, comes out bloody as can be (not juicy...BLOODY!!) I was originally told by the waiter that this was the reason "WE" (my family) had been waiting for that long.. because I was to receive a "well done" steak. This is their version of well done? and great service? What obviously happen here, was that our order kept on being pushed back so that the other 3 white couples that came in after us can be accommodated. Their objection: to have us Latinos wait and NEVER come back. Manager came out and apologized and pretty much followed the protocols. Honestly, this is not problem for me as money is NOT the issue (which I quoted to the manager). Starving, disappointing and hungry (3 really hungry kids), headed out to Macayo's as revenge. I felt that their treatment there was a "red carpet" treatment rolled out to me, the kids and the family. It is not about pride, or business, but if I was a business owner I would have the staff focus on good word-of-mouth, reputation and comforting as returning business clients are in fact THE ONES to bring in business income. The reason why I am taking minutes out of my life to get my point across, is to have hope that   this message gets heard and have a change of heart. For this reason, I have taken the FREEDOM (ah! America, the land of the free), to post this complain in ZAGAT, Google+ Review Summary and many more as needed.