The gringo leaving Tony's with his take-out order threw his two cents' in as we stood outside debating whether to go into this restaurant.  He said he was a Mexican food expert and this was the best.  I beg to disagree.  All four of us do.

We found out about this new location for Tony's (we hadn't been to any of them before) from a Restaurant.com listing.  We had no idea of what to expect, but I certainly didn't expect it to look like a coffee shop.  On the weekends I like to go to a place with some atmosphere, and this looked like a corner luncheonette.  But based on the long drive we took to get there, and the other customer's recommendation, we decided to have dinner there.

Though I, like a previous reviewer, lived in Mexico, I like wine with dinner.  They don't have it.  The drink menu is beer, or a margarita from a prepared mix.  I had the margarita, which was okay, but garnished with a wedge of lemon, not lime.  This is authentic Mexican (yes, I know there are no limes in Mexico - the Mexican lemon is lime-colored, and that's what they use, but the Mexican lemon is not as sour as ours).

The waitress brought a half-filled basket of chips, and the chips turned out to be the best thing on the menu.  They're crisp, not greasy or salty, and they're small, so you don't have to waste un-dipped chip.  But, and this is a big one.  Only the first basket is free.  And you get that one basket (half a basket, in our case), whether you're one person or four, whether you order appetizers or not.  Then it's $1.50 to get it refilled.  The house red salsa was very good, if you can eat burning sauce.  Two of us loved it.  I requested green sauce, and it was a cup of water with green food coloring.  No taste, no body, just water.

One friend ordered two appetizers - bean dip and guacamole.  The bean dip was refried beans WITH LARD (I asked), covered with some shredded cheese.  The guacamole was commercial and just passable; but for 1.50, I didn't expect more.

I ordered the Bisteck [sic] Ranchera, after asking if it's the same meat used for the Carne Asada.  The waitress said it was, and highly recommended it.  It came out as small pieces of meat sauteed with bell peppers, jalapeno slices, and onions.  Normally I like that sort of thing.  But the meat was greasy, overly salty, and not tender, nor did it have that wonderful special flavor that a good carne asada has.  The meat had obviously been precooked, then cut up and sauteed with the peppers in a lot of grease.  I ordered corn, not flour tortillas, but I got the flour ones.

My husband ordered the Sopes - two thick corn (I think) discs covered with the refried slop, some shredded chicken and lettuce, and chopped tomato.  He said it was okay.  

One friend ordered the Fried Mojarra (the menu says it's tilapia, but I think it's a different fish in Mexico).  She didn't expect a whole fish, since it wasn't described that way.  But that's how it came out, head and all, and she sent it back to have the head cut off.  It was left in the deep fryer way too long and was much too overcooked and dry, close to being burned.  And she had to slog through the whole fish with her hands, since the skeleton had hundreds of bones that were too small to be able to cut with a knife, otherwise she'd be picking them out of her throat. 

Her husband made his own combination plate, with a taco, flauta, and tamale, which he said was dry, but okay when he added more sauce.

All our dishes were served with refried beans, but we all requested Frijoles de Olla, whole beans without the lard.  They were overcooked and tasteless.  The dishes also came with the typical orange-colored rice, and that, too, was soft and mushy, and the kitchen didn't even bother to heat it up.

Then the check was delivered.  Instead of a normal restaurant check, it was a register tape with absolutely no indication of what each of the long list of prices was for.  We added up the number of items we had, and we were charged for one extra item.  We could have insisted that we be given a full accounting of what all those numbers were for, but we had already spent what seemed like an eternity.  Besides, we had that discount certificate, and Yogurtland was calling us - we needed something cold and delicious to take away the bad taste.

As our friend summed it up:  "This is one step up from Taco Bell."