We picked this place for Mother's Day breakfast. The service was absolutely disappointing. The server (owner) took over 20 minuets to take our drink order. She brought my moms coffee first, another 10 minutes later my horchata arrived on a dirty mug with michelada mix on half of the rim. I showed the other server lady because the owner once again wasn't around for another 20 minutes. She assured me the mug was clean just rubbed up against another mug. She acted like it was no big deal and like I was being picky. She asked if I wanted another I didn't want to wait another 10 minutes for a drink so I said no. Finally the owner came back to take our order. My mom ordered menudo, I ordered chicken enchiladas. The food came fast (about 10 minutes) my enchiladas were horrible. They were made from chicken scraps including chicken skin and all dark meat not breast at all. Iv never had enchiladas made from anything other than breast, even taco shops use breast meat. I showed the owner, she said they use chicken legs and no skin even though I was holding a piece of skin almost to her face. She said if I wanted breast they had items on the menu with breast. My mother was done with her meal by then. When I told her I didn't want anything she pick up the plate and rolled her eyes and walked away. I would never pay $12 for two enchiladas made from chicken legs. Another 10 minutes went by and still no check. My mom had to go to the register and ask for the check. The whole time the restaurant only had 5 table, they weren't that busy.

We spend $19 for menudo, a coffee and a horchata, I didn't drink. In conclusion the whole experience was not good, I would never go again to this place for any reason and I don't recommend this restaurant, not even to my worst enemy. We were just trying to have Mother's Day breakfast and left still hungry and wasted our morning. 

In a few words...you should better try Roberto's, Pepe's tacos or Taco Bell, at least you won't be there for 2 hrs waiting on horrible food. That bad!!