Our experience here was SO BAD that we were convinced it was part of some social experiment to determine:

1) How long people would wait for their food,
2) How bad the food would have to be, and
3) How ridiculous the portions/prices would have to be

for the guests to get up and leave.

Our party of 10 arrived shortly after 8pm and was seated outside on the sidewalk. We brought our own beers and ordered a couple of baskets of yuca chips with guacamole. Our chips arrived within a couple of minutes, but with salsa instead of guacamole. When our server came back we asked about the guacamole and were told they were out. We then ordered two servings of jamaican jerk wings and tried to order another two baskets of chips but were told they were out of chips as well. We then tried to order the avocado fries and were told they were out of those too.

Our server came out with the wings in a couple of minutes. We ordered an additional two baskets of wings, three orders of the queso fundido, and our entrees. This was around 8:15pm.

ONE HOUR LATER we still had not received any of our food and it had been about 30 minutes since we'd seen our server. I went inside and politely asked the bartender if she could check on our order because it had been about an hour and we hadn't received our appetizers or entrees. She replied, "We make all of our food fresh so it takes longer than a chain restaurant. When you come here, there's always a bit of a wait for food." Um, ok?

About ten minutes later (approximately 9:20pm) our server came outside and explained that there were still two tickets ahead of us and our appetizers had not been started yet. We asked if our entrees had been started, because if they hadn't we would've just paid for the two orders of chips and wings and left. We were starving and freezing. She said yes, the entrees had already been started, so we stayed. 

Around 9:30pm our server came back with the two additional orders of wings, as well as two baskets of chips for us to munch on. (We thought they were out??) She explained that because of the wait, they would waive the $0.50 "corkage fee" for the bottles of beer. How nice - you're comping us something that it costs you literally NOTHING to do.

A few minutes after that she returned with the three orders of queso fundido. The vegetarians in our party were so hungry that we scarfed the pickled mango salsa that came with the wings. We were told repeatedly by our main server (as well as an additional helper) that there's always a wait for food because they make everything fresh. Only ONCE did someone apologize for the wait.

At 9:52pm, ONE HOUR AND FORTY MINUTES after we'd ordered, our entrees finally arrived. I'd ordered the "Chiles Relleños." As described on the menu, they are "Cheese filled poblano peppers drizzled with a walnut and goat cheese cream sauce, garnished with pomegranate seeds." This entree costs $10. What I actually got was ONE pepper (not pepperS) in a small bowl. No sides. I asked the server if it was only supposed to be one pepper and she said yes. Then why is it called ChileS RelleñoS and described as pepperS?!? As my friend remarked, "$10 for a pepper?! That's not even California prices!"

Two people ordered the $15 Jamaican Jerk Tofu, "served with mango, plantains and coconut rice." There were no plantains and the tofu was extremely salty. It tasted like it had been marinated in spicy soy sauce.

We finished our food within 10 minutes and our plates were quickly cleared. Three couples asked for separate checks and the remaining four people were put on a fourth check. Our server asked us how we wanted to divide all the appetizers, including the four orders of chips. Wait a minute - we only ordered TWO basket of chips!! When we'd tried to order a second set of baskets, we were told they were out and that's why we ordered the queso fundido. We were under the impression that the second set of baskets was complimentary because of the wait. Eventually our server agreed to waive the charges for the second set of baskets.

TWENTY MINUTES LATER she came back with our checks. Except that they weren't itemized. Each check listed ONE item in the order, and then a total cost. And the total didn't add up to the sum of the items plus tax, it was up to a few dollars more. We asked if the discrepancy was a gratuity and she said no, that they don't include gratuity on checks. She assured us multiple times that even though the checks weren't itemized, they added up to the correct totals. An order of chips ($3), jamaican jerk wings ($6), three tacos ($9) and chiles relleños ($10) cannot sum to $30.50 including a $1.75 tax. Eventually the owner was involved, and after checking on it explained that the discrepancy was a gratuity. Really? A $0.75 gratuity? Okay...

It was 10:34pm when we finished paying and left.

If the food is so fresh it takes 2 hours to serve, put a note on the menu or warn large parties when they arrive! We're never eating here again!