I honestly don't know how this place stays in business. Why? I will explain. 
We decided to give this place another try after the first review I left on Yelp back in November 2013. I want to be completely fair and impartial  as I know this is a business that wants to succeed. 
My husband , son and I decided to return last night, a Tuesday, and we had the extra bonus of a coupon from the Clipper magazine. We were seated promptly , after all, Tuesday is hardly a busy night in most restaurants. The server , pretty young gal. greeted us, and took drink orders, which came back quickly. OK---the service was fast , not like the first night we were there and that is a plus. Now , the server took our orders and I  would estimate that our dinners were served in about 15 minutes. They looked pretty appetizing and I could not wait to dig in---hubby ordered the mixed Fajitas, our son had the Carnitas, his all time favorite, and I ordered a mixed platter of taco, enchilada and chimichanga. 

If you re-read my first review of this place I had issues with the rice and beans being stone cold so, without delving into the other dishes , I decided to try the rice first---as soon as I placed my fork into the rice I pulled up a five inch long hair that was dangling on the end of the fork!!!  I was so shocked and disgusted I could barely speak. My husband got up immediately to find our waitress and told her what was in the food---her immediate response was "it's not my hair" to which my husband repied, "why does it  matter whose it is, it's hair". 
 
She took the plate away and asked if I wanted anything else--like I could enjoy a meal after the experience I just had---my poor hubby and son were now bleakly looking at their food and wondering if the same would occur. Fortunately, it did not but how could one enjoy a meal with the thought of the hair maybe turning up in their food!

I think what angered and disturbed us most was that no  manager, male or female , ever came to our table to offer their apologies . I sat there in stunned silence as my husband and son ate , not enjoying this experience and who could blame them?  When done, we asked for the check, minus my meal and the coupon and left without a word or a thank you. 
 
It's  not my intention to ruin the dining experience of others but you will have to decide for yourselves if this is something you wish to endure while dining at this place. I realize these occurrences happen once in a while in the restaurant industry but it is inexcusable for the manager not to at least make an appearance at our table ---was it that embarrassing to you?  Very sad indeed and we will never come back!