This was the first time I had a bad experience at this location, but it was so frustrating! 

I informed Associate #1 that I was ordering a salad. Before I could say anything else, he proceeded to throw a tortilla on the flattop with cheese. When he walked back, I had to inform him that I didn't want cheese. He just looks at me, then turns around, throws a container on the tortilla, and turns back around. Trying to be helpful, I asked my fiancé what he was ordering and it was also a salad, so I told Associate #1 that he would take that tortilla. No response. Oookay. So I quickly tell him, "I'm having a vegetarian salad" before he could assume anything else. Also, since it was Thursday, there was a tamale meal special that I hadn't tried. I wanted to give them a whirl, so I asked Associate #1 if I could order one as a side item, since I didn't want the meal. He seemed confused and I asked a couple different ways, but he eventually answers, "Yes." 

Then, it's on to Associate #2. She seems nice enough, until I ask her a question, then she appears obviously annoyed. I say yes to all the vegetables, but no cheese. She asks me what type of dressing I want and as I'm attempting to formulate a sentence to indicate the dressing that is Vegan-friendly (I couldn't remember the name of either of them and she didn't tell me what they were, but just kept asking me which one I wanted), she starts scooping the creamy one into a cup. I'm like, "Um, ah, uh, I meant the other one...the Vegan one???" While trying to point through the glass. "It's vinaigrette." Right. Then she just tosses it haphazardly to Associate #3, but it lands in the tortilla strips compartment. Nice. 

While she's finishing up, I began to wonder where was my tamale? 
Me: Um, I ordered a tamale in the side....
Associate #2: Did you tell him? (pointing at Associate #1)
Me: Yes.
Associate #2 to Associate #1: Did you get the tamale ready for her?
Associate #1 has the look of "Oh crap, I forgot" on his face and gets it together. Associate #3 was great and asked if I wanted sides with the tamale (rice, beans, pico, and lettuce). Sure, why not. I also asked for no cheese.

Now, we are at the cashier.
Cashier: Sure you don't want two tamales? It's the same price for one.
Me: Uhh, what??? I asked the guy if I could order a tamale on the side and he said I could.
Cashier: Oh. Weird. So you want the other one?
Me: Um, okay...well, yeah. If I'm paying for it, I might as well.

We sit down and I'm pretty annoyed. I've barely started eating when the cashier walks over to bring us the tamale.
Cashier: (as she is handing us the tray) Oh, did you want cheese on that?
Me: (staring at the obvious, melted cheese on the tamale): Uhhhh...
Cashier: If you don't want it, that's fine. We can make another one.
Seriously, why would you bring it over with cheese on it and THEN ask me? Or better, why didn't anyone bother to ask Associate #1 or Associate #2 about how I had ordered the first tamale just a couple minutes prior?

So $25 and one (disgusting) tamale later, I didn't finish my food and Ieft feeling disappointed and dissatisfied (really, two tamales and two salads for $25 with bad service, no thank you). Additionally, for a salad I typically love, I had absolutely no desire to eat it tonight nor will I want to again in the future. For an establishment that has the appearance of promoting Vegetarian and Vegan options, it seems to be a bother to every associate to request NO cheese melted on the tortilla and NO cojita cheese (and cilantro, which Associate #2 also didn't bother to ask me if I wanted or not) topping my salad. If I hadn't received such amazing service in the past where associates have asked me whether or not I wanted certain items or concerned themselves with what I want on my meal, then this experience wouldn't have stood out so much.