Today was my first time visiting this location and I will not be back. I decided to try a different location because the Chipotle right by my house unfortunately has gone downhill. I don't know what is so hard about providing a consistent quality product but I am done trying and wasting my money. It's a shame because I was so happy to find a place that offered a vegetarian option (sofritas), and used non GMO ingredients! I have never visited a Chipotle in my life until I heard they were non GMO! I gave them a try and I was hooked, until recently...

Today I ordered my usual, a burrito with sofritas. I got salsa, corn, and lettuce and when they went to put the lettuce on, it was seriously only a couple of pieces. Barely anything. Before I could say anything they wrapped up the burrito and I proceeded to pay. I also got chips with my order. When I got home, I unwrapped the burrito, I noticed it was wrapped with foil a second time. I began to unwrap the second piece of foil and noticed there was a pretty big tear in the tortilla. I understand this happens, it happened once before at a different location and the lady noticed it, and simply transferred the toppings to a new tortilla and re rolled it. I knew they noticed it this time as well because they wrapped it with foil twice to make sure it was secure. Glad I was home to eat this because it got messy! 

So as I'm attempting to eat my mangled burrito, I notice there isn't much of any toppings (I expected there to be not much lettuce because I saw how they put it on there), but all I was getting was mouthfuls of rice. A huge amount of rice and barely anything else! I am pretty frustrated that I wasted my money on a rice burrito! Also, I ordered tortilla chips and they were stale! Not the first time I've gotten stale chips from Chipotle, that's one of the reasons I decided to give another location a try. 

Such a waste of money! I will not be returning to this location and it might take some time for me to want to visit any Chipotle again.