I am rating this place one star...I am being generous, actually super generous...shame there is not a negative star rating system.

I went here one night with a group of family and friends, nothing extreme, just 6 of us.  The restaurant was about 1/4 full and they had live music.  Was not my choice to come here, we actually came on this evening bc my friend said that she heard the singer was good.  

It took about 20 minutes before we were greated by our server and another 8 minutes to actually get our drinks.  Then our server flat out disappeared.  Finally remembering that she only makes money if she talks to the table, our server reappeared and took our food order.  35 minutes later our "food" came out.  We all took a minute to stare at our plates to figure out what exactly was on them.  I have had more identifiable food served to me in a school cafeteria.  The food tasted even worse than it looked and at this point (of course our server never came to see how things were) we were all pretty put out about the whole place.

Then the singing act (on break from her Motel 8 on the side of the freeway lounge act) came over to see how we liked the show and the food.  We told her exactly what we thought of the food and the service and the singer went BALLISTIC, I mean you would think that we just ran over her dog the way she reacted.  Completely irritated and annoyed we wanted out of this place.  Sadly it was another 15 minutes before our server reappeared and we asked her the very complicated request of getting our check.

Finally making our way to pay the cashier person asked how things were and we told her it was the most disappointing and aggravating experience we had ever had dining out...her reply "Everybody loves us, and we have amazing food, I don't know what you are talking about!" And scoffed off to go do something else.  Really lady? Really? Maybe you should check out the other reviews on here... seems like your fan club isn't as big as you thought.....

Just thinking about this place to write this review gets my pulse racing.  Never Never Again!