I have come here every time I've gone to Arizona. So when my grandma recommended we go here for authentic Mexican food and margarita's I was super stoked.

Sadly this place blew it on every level. When we came in we were told it was a 5 minute wait. Instead we waited 15 minutes. I didn't really care because I was hungry. We were finally sat down and I realized it was so hot in the restaurant that I started sweating.  But I was so excited for the food that I looked past this.

Finally the waitress came. She recognized my grandma and remembered her order. And took it. So then it came my turn to order so I tried to order my food and drinks. The waitress literally told me that she would not take my food order. I was super confused because she took my alcohol order but wouldn't give me food. I ended up getting a jumbo margarita on the rocks. So when the drinks came out everyone else got their drinks except me. I told the manager he questioned my age and then tried to card me again. So I ended up getting carded twice for a drink that took me 15 minutes to get!

While we were waiting for our drinks and food I realized it literally took 30 minutes for them to clear a table. I don't know if they were short staffed or just did not care but the restaurant was messy and the staff was super rude.

By this time I was starving, sweaty, and drunk before she even decided to take my order. This waitress what the rudest person I have ever met! I ended up ordering the enchiladas del mas. Which was a seafood enchilada. In the past they were amazing. But this time it took 30 minutes to get my food. The tortillas were stale and tasted like cardboard. The fish and seafood were rubbery and the only thing that was good was the refried beans and rice. Seriously though, how hard is refried beans and rice. You can't mess that up!!! 

By the end of the night I was drunk, sweaty and hungry. his was possibly the worst service I have ever gotten in my life. I have never gotten disrespected so much in a place I was a patron.

If my family hadn't gotten good service here and good food and drinks I would have complained to the manager. But since I was the only one who had an inedible meal I just left. You could not pay me to come back here. And I'm making it a point to tell the people of yelp about the horrible service I received here. DO NOT COME HERE.