We went for dinner and requested a booth. The hostess said it would be a few minutes for a booth so we agreed and decided to wait. After about 10 minutes we were taken to a booth and seated. We noticed the table top was really sticky after we were seated. So we patiently waited for the waiter/waitress to take our order and we would advise them at that time and wipe the table for us. After 5 minutes we were beginning to feel like we were invisible. I finally got up, and asked the girl who was cleaning the tables if she knew who was servicing that station? She said she didn't know but she would check on it for me. She did bring my husband his soda and me water and put my request in for my margarita (so she said). She never did bring me my margarita. 

Finally the chip and salsa guy brought our chips and we asked if he could wipe the sticky off the table. He told us, and this is a quote, " I'm sorry. It was improperly varnished and cannot be washed off." Who seats their customers at a table with an improper finish that is all sticky? Really? We decided not to move and just tough it out because we had already waited this long.

After about another 5 minutes passed, we were just about ready to ditch this jip-joint when a waiter came over and asked if anyone had helped us yet? We told him they hadn't and so he apologized and said he was sorry that there must have been some miscommunication as to who had that station. Again, really? He took our order along with my margarita order that had originally never showed up. 

Our food arrived pretty quickly. My husband had ordered the beef burrito enchilada style. I had ordered a beef taco and cheese enchilada platter. My cheese enchilada tasted like it had onions in it? So I asked the waiter if they put onions in it and if so could I get a cheese enchilada without onions? I was told that it would be a while if I wanted my cheese enchilada that way because they grate the cheese and the onions together. They would have to stop and grate the cheese separately without the onions which would take extra time. He made it sound like it would be really inconvenient for them. Like they would have to shut down the whole kitchen to stop and grate cheese separately for my enchilada. I told him I would just keep the enchilada I had.

After all this time my margarita finally arrived. It was supposed to be a strawberry margarita but the margarita looked more like pink lemonade. After my first sip, it tasted more like pink lemonade then a strawberry margarita. At this point I was through. I asked the waiter to please take the margarita and my dinner off the bill. Very disappointing for me. My husband enjoyed his meal while I sat stewing. 

The assistant manager did come over and apologize for the fact that my margarita and my meal were not to my liking. Never ask if she could get me anything else or offer a complementary meal. Thumbs down to this restaurant from me. 

Two customers that will not be returning!