SO we didnt want to drive around any more and it was late and the kids needed to eat, by DEFAULT we ended up @ CHINA POBLANO. Since we are Oriental..kidding...Asian and half of us lived in Mexico for 15 yrs we thought Asian Spanish fusion sounded better then whatever else was available in the hotel. 

We got the squeez.. He was short with us the server that is...I think the first impression is the Whole reason Im writing a review I worked in hotels/restaurants (5 star hotels) for 19 yrs. We were tired and hungry and it was late.. My wife asked what juice they had the server (carlos) rolled his eyes and said "orange juice" and that was it...so since that was the only option she ordered 2.. my eyes immediately panned to the full bar (having been a bartender myself for 8yrs) and knew in a instant that "orange juice" was not the only Juice available. I asked him later if they could make a Madras (vodka, cranberry and oj) he said yes. I also know the amount of tips you make is partly based off the percentage of the total bill. The bigger the check total the more tip one would make and oj doesnt cost as much as a cocktail or beer and wine. The check was already going to be big we were a table of 10 asians...

Cena: I agree with Pepper T. the food seemed more tapas style and would probably be better suited if you ordered your food tapas style for the table. Maybe that was what they intended but it was not the impression I got when arriving. We probably would have enjoyed it more tapas style because the steak which was good but I only got six little bites of steak probably.2-3 oz. some mushrooms and sauce and thats it for $20-$25 so i had to order the fried rice which the server should have suggested in the first place when i ordered the steak and since it was just the steak makes me believe it was tapas style kinda after the fact tho... The fried rice was really salty and the 18 noodles dish was also really salty.... on a positive note someone said the carnitas tacos was good...

What should have happened when the server approached the table the first time was: 

Buenas noches. Mi nombre es Carlos y los serviré esta noche.

and/or  

Wnshàng ho (good evening in Chinese) my name is carlos ill be your server this evening...

have any of you had the pleasure of dinning with us before?  If yes: welcome back for those of you joining us for the first time China Pablano is a sharing concept tapas style and to keep that in mind when your ordering, may i start you off with some drinks...ect...  

I had to post what Bailey N said "The food wasn't awful.  Inauthentic and disingenuine, yes, but it wasn't the food that even captured my attention."

I feel the same way

In an egg roll (nut shell) avoid this place nothing really special... we paid hard earned money for a snooty server and mediocre asian spanish food when there is alot better food off the strip or anywhere else for that matter. 

Adios o Zàijiàn!