Oh this place used to be so good!!!  I think it's under new management and since then, there is absolutely nothing special about this place.  I decided to take some coworkers out to lunch here one day, we wound up back at work having eaten Taco Bell.  First off it took the server 15 minutes to get us our menus.  Then it took another 10 minutes just to get glasses of water.  Finally after being there for a total of about 25 minutes I had to get up and ask the man standing at the front door if he could find someone to come over and take our order.  After asking him to find someone to take our order, a disgruntled server came over and took all six of our orders.  I explained to her that we were on a lunch break, and now barely had about 30 minutes to eat and get back to work.  She assured me that the food would be coming very quickly.  25 minutes later we received our food.  I was so upset I told her to forget it and to just bring us the bill for our drinks.  She offered to wrap up our food so that we could take it to go!  I explained to her that we intended on eating there, and were not planning on eating Mexican food in the car on our way back to work!  She replied, extremely rudely, "well I can't just let you have this food for free." I told her I didn't expect any free food and wasn't planning on eating there ever again.  My entire group wound up grabbing Taco Bell on the way back to work.
I'm not sure if this place is under new management but, when I used to come here about six years ago, before the remodel, this place was amazing!  They used to have the best, most authentic Mexican food in the valley what a shame.  The man who I assumed was either the owner or the manager was completely useless.  The waitstaff seems to run this place now and they are extremely rude!  The attitude that I received from the server was such that I wouldn't touch their food with a 10 foot pole, as I have absolutely no guarantee that she didn't take my food back and spit in it.
Before the remodel this place was so good!  They used to have the most authentic green corn tamales, calabasitas, and the red chili sauce was absolutely incredible!!!!  I am Hispanic, and I can say without a doubt I had a better lunch at Taco Bell with friendlier customer service.  I will never set foot in this restaurant again, and I will never ever recommend it. You can remodel a building, but it doesn't make a damn bit of difference if the food and the customer service is this terrible.