These Burritos Suck!
I should have known better than to go back to this ratchet Chipotle. But it's the closest one around, if I didn't have a gift card I wouldn't have went. Anyway I don't know why, the female staff is so rude but it's really sad. A bunch of haters.smh... Anyway . It's this rude cashier, she's very sarcastic and corny and she's always going out of her way to give me a hard time. Today she told me and several ridiculous comments, she even started discussing aloud a previous incident in which a chipotle employee basically swapped a gift card I had purchased with an employee card. During that previous visit this same cashier pretended she didn't know how to do her job. Even after showing this cashier my receipt she pretends it's nothing that can be done. Luckily the cameras work really good, and the transactions are all filmed!!! And that is why I got the gift cards I used today, because she was rude then too, trying to embarrass people with her clown glasses on . So tonight she was acting ridiculous, pretending she didn't know how to do her job. I explain to her that I was told the items must be rung up separately, then she says " I'm so sorry for your rudeness". That comment stated an argument with myself and the cashier because I couldn't believe the disrespect. Another employee came up trying to help and after I explained what she said, he was just as shocked as I was. He asks her why she said that and she says " Well she is bring rude" thenrandomly she  YELLS "Im sorry that your card was declined your last visit." That's why I was put into a situation in  which I had to be loud, like immature loud cashier and set the record straight. They called the manager for me because I had asked for her,when she came  she was rude like her employee. She told me she disused me with her employees and she feels it's nothing that can be done. Oh how disappointing no wonder these employees lack of professionalism. The manager was rude. It's obvious she encourages the disrespect as well. I got a call back from someone who offered me a buy one get one. Nah. I'll pass.