HORRIBLE!  We were so excited too!  We visited La Fonda tonight for dinner around 5:45pm.  There were 6 people in our party and we were told a 25 min wait.  I didn't think that was too bad.  We were offered a table in the bar, but had kids with us and didn't want to sit at a tall table.  The wait was about 25 min.  When we were shown to our table my Mom (who had on white capri pants)  barely bumped the chair next to her with her leg when sitting down and got a nice brown wood stain, stain on her pants.  Weird their wood stained chairs would rub off.  When we told the girls up front all they said/offered was,  "Oh, we are sorry!"  That's it.  To me not okay.  Now on to the food...
My brother ordered a cheese crisp as an appetizer.  We waited and waited.  Seriously about 25 more minutes.  Finally asked the server who was like, "Oh, let me go check".  He brought it right out which was about 2 seconds in front of our food.  So you think you can't mess up a cheese crisp, right?  Just cheese on a tortilla?  Well they managed to somehow.  The after taste was like burnt oven or oven type cleaner, maybe?  Awful.  I ordered the 3 item combo.  Fish taco, carne asada taco and cheese enchilada.  Fish taco was good.  Carne asada taco tasted like Pastor, which was kinda odd.  It wasn't bad just didn't taste like carne asada.  Cheese enchilada was terrible.  In fact you could tell that plate had been under a warmer for quite some time.  There was a layer of grease on top, which did not look appetizing. Instead of being covered in red sauce it has some type of red spicy chili sauce inside.  It did not taste good.  Even the beans and rice that came on the plate were bad!  The beans tasted like crushed up Ranch style beans and the rice had zero flavor and was so seriously clumpy the nicest thing I had to say was that it was easy to get the clumps onto the fork.  I am so disappointed this place isn't good!  We really wanted a new restaurant to visit in the area.  I am not overly picky about food...at all and please let me tell you to save your money or at least go get good Mexican food at Rosita's or Manuel's, that are in the same area.  We will not be back :(  OMGSH I almost forgot!  My son ordered the cheese crisp and beans off the kids menu and when they brought it out they had the bowl of beans sitting in the middle of his cheese crisp.  Who wants the bottom of a bowl in the middle of their food!?  Is that even health code okay?  I asked the server and he said, "Oh, that's the way we serve it".  GROSS GROSS GROSS!