If it were possible to give negative stars I would but then again a "Star" is for something positive, so if I could give this poor establishment of a restaurant negative remarks I most definitely would. First off my boyfriend and I went here for dinner around 8:00 pm. Only a handful of people were in the restaurant. Before going in to be seated I snapped a few pics of the rolling stones guys up front. I say that to set up what happened in the end. (Just keep this in mind). We were seated and the waitress came to take our drink orders. I ordered a water and my boyfriend order a raspberry tea. Immediately I get an attitude from our waitress because I ordered a water. (Strike 1) She brings back the drinks and says "what would you like?" I'm like "we need a few more minutes to look over the menu."  So she walks away without even saying anything.  She finally comes back after a good 15 min.  When the waitress does come back she decides to sit down and take our ordwers. WTF?!? (Strike 2) I order the Chimichonga and my boyfriend orders the steak tacos. Mean while .... I do not see our waitress again until she beings our food out which was about 30 min. Never came to check on us or refill our cups. Once they bring the meals out I still don't see our waitress. The food tasted old and tasteless. No type of seasoning or any love was thrown into the making of our meals. The tacos hardly had any steak just an abundance of lettuce. My food was just tasteless. I guess I'm just use to Rio Grande back in my hometown of MD. Nothing at this place was fresh. 

When we looked about done our waitress came to take our plates and she actually came back with the check right away. But.... why did she just stand there waiting for us to pay instead of going somewhere and tending to whatever else she gets paid to do? I mean who does that?  So I just looked at her and she got the hint. Forgot to mention that some chick came up to us while we were waiting for our order and slaps a hat on my boyfriend and says "its resturant tradtion" I was like what? She wanted him to wear a mexican hat and a silly mustashe so she could take a pic. She snaps a few pics and vanished. Dont worry.... towards the end she comes back with the pics asking us if we wanted to buy them. We both declined and she said "it was worth a try." So as soon as we pull our money out here comes our waitress. We give her only a $4.00 tip and she didnt deserve that but we were being nice. We leave out but not before I snap a pic of my boyfriend standing next to the Rolling Stone wax men and the hostess comes running up saying " Ms. We do not allow people to take pictures with the wax models." I was like "wow, really!?" Stupid chick unless she wanted to snatch my phone from me what the hell was she going to do about it. Worse food, even worse customer service and horrible staff! STAY AWAY!!!! Go to Margaritaville instead!!