I have avoided this place up until now because everyone I knew who had been said it was terrible. I was somewhat amused by the name of the place, but I'm a believer in word of mouth - and the WOM of this place was dismal.

Tonight my dining companion and I were headed to Sauce and decided to try Pink Taco on a whim. The place wasn't very packed - there were plenty of tables available at 7pm on a Friday, so we were seated right away. 

The way the place is set up, we were seated right near the bar and our table was bar height. This meant that we had to endure assholes squeezing past to go to the shitter and people leaving their drinks on our table or leaning on it. It was pretty awful. I understand they have a popular bar, but this is a restaurant too. It would be a really easy fix to solve this problem.

On to the food... it was shit. The dishes are somewhat inspired by mexican cuisine, but they are rather bland and kinda gross. The burrito I had was horrible - dog food. It smelled rank and I couldn't finish it. The salad wasn't bad, but it was boring. My girl got shrimp tacos and ended up feeling ill later in the night. She wasn't at all impressed.

Drinks - I had a house margarita on rocks with salt. It was pretty tasty, but lacked a fair amount of alcohol... plus, it has given me a headache - I'm blaming cheap tequilla. My girl had a signature margarita - I tasted it and it was decent, but a little too sweet. They had a 'wine tasting' of their own label wine as well. They had a chardonnay and a pinot noir/chardonnay mix... we had a taste of the latter and it literally tasted like a mimosa made with rancid orange juice that was sopped up with a dirty dishrag and squeezed into the glass.

Everyone in the joint was either an old ugly dude or a high-school girl wearing big sister's clothes or gay couples. This place is a joke. I wouldn't come for the food, nor the atmosphere, nor the drinks. I'm never going back.

On the upside, dinner was under 100 bucks and the hostess was cute. Apart from that, this place needs to be stayed away from.