This place has REALLY gone down hill as of late. It used to be semi-decent. Tonight's visit was a nightmare. Took the whole family there. Typical last minute decision, tired kids, grumpy spouse. The chips were stale and over cooked, or double cooked. The wife got the giant margarita. It was so syrupy tasting that she couldn't get more than two sips out of it. At the end of the meal I took it back to the bar and told the manager it was totally awful. He didn't understand my English so the rest of the conversation had to take place in Spanish. He did offer to put more booze in it, but the taste was the part she couldn't stand. I asked him how they made it, he pointed to the uniform shape and size row of bottles and said, "just this mix and tequila". No limes, no fresh ingredients. There was nothing that could come from that bar that would have sufficed. It was just bad. 

I got the burritos verdes. They are a new item, beef tips in a burrito. Not awful really. But the burrito was mostly beans, with just a hint of beef in it. Wife got the fish tacos. They were too salty for her (or anyone) to finish, so I swapped meals with her and poured hot salsa all over them and just ate em down. They were NOT good. The "special sauce" that they serve with the fish tacos ended up just being generic thousand island dressing. I took a bite of some of the kids meals too. The burrito meat my toddler was pushing away all night had the texture of wet sand. It was so overly salty as to be almost inedible and the taste was horrendous. 

The service was pretty lame too. One waiter came bringing four plates and after about five minutes of trying to decide who's was who's we finally had to explain to him that none of these orders were ours and he was at the wrong table. So he takes 3 of the 4 plates away and leaves the 4th one for about 10-15 minutes while the customer who ordered it waited confused. It was really slow in there too, maybe 6 other people in the whole restaurant.

The manager walked by the table about a half dozen times never stopping to check on us, and I don't think our drinks were refilled the whole night. We didn't bother to complain  because it was already a bit of a rough night for us and we just didn't need the drama. So in all fairness, I didn't really give them much of a chance to redeem themselves. But honestly, if EVERYTHING that you send from the kitchen to the house comes out bad, service, entrees, drinks, chips, booze I don't think a polite complaint could have done us any good.

If you're a college student at the nearby UNCC and want a hole in the wall to drink beer at while watching t.v. or chatting it up on the patio with friends, this place will work. For the rest of you diners out there, skip this place and save your money. It's not as bad as it used to be, its worse!