yelp reviews can sometimes be deceiving. this was probably one of the prime examples. it's really tough for me not to give the benefit of the doubt in terms of service and quality of food, but with this place, i found it too difficult to give it to them.

my friend and i arrived at this restaurant after i told my friend about the decent reviews of this place on yelp.  we were seated promptly, as there were only 4 people at the bar and 2 other tables occupied.  The waitress had a heavy polish accent, and her background/demeanor came to be a major hindrance throughout the whole meal.

We were first served chips and salsa. Upon feeling the chip and taking the first bite, i instantly had the image of a grid of heat lamps flash through my head.  Indeed, it was the suspiciously hot but very un-fresh taste that had infected my mouth. the salsa helped to alleviate this pickle, but it could not make up for the fact that we were given old, lifeless, and so few chips.  Upon asking whether refills were free, we were told that another tiny basket of chips would cost us $2, half the price of a family pack of tortilla chips at a market (not to say that market tortilla chips taste better than a theoretically fresh chip here).

upon making our quick decision of ordering tacos, the waitress came from the back of the restaurant.  my friend began (slowly so as to be comprehensible), "can i get a carne asada taco?"......

....then came an awkward silence while she stared at him. she then asked "you want a taco?" "yes." "what kind of taco?" "carne asada..." ":: looks at the menu where my friend is pointing to the word carne asada::...oh ok ...car-ne a-sa-da....."   my friend had to go through the same process for the two other tacos  he got.  good thing i got a similar order.  we also ordered the made-tableside guacamole. i was telling my friend, "i hope the waitress doesn't end up being the one to prepare our guacamole..." and from the side of my eye, the waitress came, holding a mortar and pestle with one shaking hand (those things are heavy, let alone for a on-the-thin-side waitress holding it with one hand), and a tray of avocados and other guacamole ingredients with the other hand.  

she placed the mortar and pestle right in the center of our 2 person table. two things wrong with this: 1. there's absolutely no more space on the table now. 2. i don't think the physical motion of using the mortar and pestle is good for the structure of the table. as if the moment couldn't get more awkward, she put all the ingredients in the mortar and proceeded to start using the pestle. like a geo metro trying to climb a san francisco street,  she struggled. it showed in her labored motions, it showed on her face. i tried to make conversation with my friend while she was doing this, so that it wouldn't seem that we were staring her down. during one hit of her pestle, i caught what i termed as "collateral damage". some liquid splashed onto my shirt, confirming my proposition that this should have been done on a separate cart or something. she stopped, nervously laughed and said "sorry", and continued mashing the avocados while nervously laughing. i finally told her to stop before she finished, since i told her that i liked it slightly chunkier.  she repeated what i said (probably out of nervousness), "you like it this way...haha... ok...."  the guacamole was too liquidy, presumably from the wrong ratio of onions and/or lemon juice to the amount of solids.

our tacos came out 15-20 minutes after this ordeal, and to describe the meat as dry is conservative at best.  the food itself was colder than lukewarm, nearing room temperature.  we finished our food as fast as we could and headed out.

never coming back here again.