This place used to be decent. It has fallen on hard times. Terrible service. Poorly trained employees that hate their job and don't care about customers. They text and talk to each other while people wait in line to get a table. Tried to get in with a table of seven the other night. Place was more than half empty on a Friday night at 8 PM. We were told it would be an hour wait. We were the only ones in the lobby and way more than half the tables were empty. We were told that business had been very slow so they laid off their wait staff and the problem was no waiters to serve the tables. We were told we were welcome to stand in the lobby for an hour and wait to sit. We told them we were in no hurry and that we would be happy to sit at a table and wait for service. We were told that was "against their policy". Really. Walked out and had a great dinner at a little Italian restaurant in the same shopping center. Spent well over $200 for a nice casual dinner. Decided to go back and let the manager know what happened so he could better train his hostess and wait staff. The place was dead empty by 9 PM. Manager confirmed it was his policy not to seat anyone even if table were open. Bad idea. These people hate their job and don't want customers as it takes away from their socializing time with each other. Plus, they were making fun of other waiters and some of their customers and we could overhear them. This place really just needs to go out of business at this point and let someone open up a great restaurant in this prime location. Everyone from the manager to the employees have no clue about customer service. We have been here many times as have our friends and it had been a decent experience. Last time we went was a couple of months ago and the food was marginal and the service was slow but we thought it might have just been a bad night and decided to give them another chance. Big mistake on our part. They have deteriorated to a place beyond repair. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place like the plague.