Not a place for more then 10 people! After a church event on Saturday morning we went to El Comedor which is amazing but they had an hour wait, as people in are party had things to do my grandmother recommended we tried this place. We called ahead to let them know we would be in. When we arrived we had to wait a few minutes which was fine once we got seated the waiter took everyone's order. Not sure if they were over there heads with a party of 15. Once we were seated we received chips and salsa I enjoyed both we were soon out of both and never were asked or received a refil one either then are orders were taken, soon after are drinks came out some of us had to wait as the tea was brewing we were not offered water keep in mind this is after the chips and salsa are gone! So we wait finally the food starts coming out a little at a time half of the party is done with there food well the other half has not been served. Well half of the party leaves there is maybe about 5 that have not been served well asking the waitress is everything ok an hour later she keeps saying yes it's done! If its done were is it? Well the rest of the party is done eating the ones who have not recived there food cancel there meals as now its over an hour half the party left the rest haved paid. Well packing up they bring out two meals we ask if we can now get it in a to go bag because at this point everyone is in shock on how long it took. We make are way to the counter I explain to the lady that this is unbelievable and that they should get a discount as they had to watch the rest of the party eat and are just now getting there food. She said no as I see new faces and customers eating that were not there when we walked in I'm asking how did they get there food before half of are party well there is still now 3 people who have not recived food one was a child who ordered a mini bean burrito. That's the easiest meal to prepair. She got upset and said no they threw the food away because they canceled there order ahhhh after 2 hours everyone's  leaving,  you think they would stay? I'm sorry but I will never return here or will I recommend it to anyone. This has to be the worst exeperinace I've encountered with no customer service skills. I don't own a restaurant but after 1 hour and 45 mins of a child waiting for a mini burrito from the kids menu I would as least applogize and give them a free meal. The food was not worth putting family and friends through this. We should have just waited the hour at the first place lesson learned.