I suppose you could just put me in the "box" with "Luis T" on 3.20.10...because if i didnt know any better, his could have been my entry.. So i was here this week.  Let me start by saying i have been giving Los Dos Molinos my  business for almost 20 years now, and each year that goes by i find myself saying that i am going to cease my patronage.  I will save the stories from the recent years and why i've been feeling this way, and give you just the specifics from my most recent visit:  If you want to make the rule that there are "No Split Checks" then can you AT THE VERY LEAST get with the current times and make the bill somewhat decipherable?  We had a large party, and were quite promptly advised there were no split checks, yet at the end of the night we were left with a ribbon of calculator tape with ONLY prices, and no correlation with actual menu items...so we had to cross reference the menu to figure out what the heck all the itemizations correlated to.   And by the end of it, we pretty much gave up and just guessed at what each person should contribute because the receipt may have just as well been in morse code.  Ok, im getting ahead of myself..Its one thing if you have subpar service and the restaurant is slammed, understaffed, there is a MLB baseball game or NBA basketball game, or concert going on...This was not the case.  We were the ONLY table inside the restaurant and the service absolutely sucked.  How many times must one flag down the server for (take your pick) A;  refill on chips B: refill on ice water and C:(most importantly since the drinks are marked up 300%) a FRESH DRINK!!! Oh yes and D: Check please.  We had to look over our shoulders for A , B, C, and D.  When our table collectively decided the service was ridiculous we decided the tip would reflect that, and then we realized an 18% gratuity was included...well no wonder.  When that is the case, there is NO incentive for decent service!! We brought several items to the attention of the bald headed caucasian man who may have been a manager of some sort but his severe lack of customer service skills merely resulted in him stating in a childish voice "They are complaining about the service" to an audience that didnt exist.  Damn right! and damn right we will take our business elsewhere.  Grandma Chavez is rolling in her grave! you should be ashamed!