Easy to find and plenty of parking since it's in a strip mall. Inside, there's plenty of seating, service was quick and courteous, but it went downhill from there. (Cover the eyes of small children. This ain't pretty.)

The first bowl of chips were a bit stale. The second bowl was warm, so they're forgiven, but the salsa is too watery for my preferences. The servers are dressed up in traditional Mexican clothing. This along with the ornately carved chairs, tables, and the decor sufficiently welcome the "adventurous white people" to "Mexico", but the giant painting is a bit over the top, in my opinion. I think this is the source of the inflated rating. People who don't normally have Hispanic fare thinking this was great as a first experience. I might be white and adventurous, but I grew up on authentic Hispanic and Asian food, or at least as close as you can get in Atlanta. MOVING ON.

I ordered the steak Azteca, which comes with rice, beans, vegetables, tortillas, and butterflied shrimp, or "Mexican prawn", that are still attached to the shell, making consumption a chore. Quite depressingly, the steak was overcooked and bland. I asked for medium, and it was almost well. That I can deal with, but the lack of spices was an insult to my taste buds. The rice was unbalanced. One bite was juicy and perfect, the next was mediocre, and there was plenty of undercooked/overcooked rice. Didn't touch the ensemble of mushrooms, onions, and peppers. Didn't look appealing at all. The tortillas were average. The refried beans were the best thing on the plate. Too bad I don't really like refried beans. Didn't finish anything on the plate except the shrimp.

And the review was still somewhat respectable, but the flan did it. Plated horribly. Not sure if they were out of the smaller dishes or what, but it came out on an entrée dish. Plenty of caramel and cream, but the flan mixture is off. Not creamy enough at all. Needs more milk, me thinks.

1 star, but they earned it. Not coming back. I've had better in small Midwestern towns with 3 digit populations. Pathetic for a large town like Charlotte. Only thing authentic was the waitress. Not coming back.