Where do I begin.  I haven't had El Pollo Loco in a very long time. We were visiting from out-of town and decided to eat here tonight.  We walked in and the place was dirty and not well lit.  We didn't mind about that too much because we were placing an order to go. We walk up and wait a bit in line, no big deal. This girl comes to the register to help us.  She was very new and after every item we ordered, she had to ask a guy to help her enter it.  I am not really complaining about this but if someone is that new, maybe this person helping should have stayed with her to follow through the complete order. We finally completed the order which took about 5 minutes.  

After we ordered we waited and a couple guys ordered after us. The guy who was leaving the girl hanging, decided to help them the whole time. They ordered the large family meal. Keep in mind, we ordered a considerable amount less than them.  After about 10 minutes of waiting the ,"trainer", we shall call him, called me over and said that they were out of chicken breast.  Really???? WTF?  THAT'S LIKE SUBWAY BEING OUT OF BREAD.  So he offered to replace the 3 piece white with 3 dark meat choices.  Which is less than we paid for by the way.  I told him fine..I don't care. I'm a patient person and probably deal with more crap than I should but whatever, it's just food.  

The plot thickens, the two guys who ordered the family meal leave with there order and got THEIR white meat.  We ordered first!! WTF??  I was done after that. We ended up waiting for another 10 minutes to get chicken they already had ready.  The guy said sorry for the wait but he didn't mean it.  Do they ever mean it?? He sure as hell didnt.

We get back home and the order was wrong. All the sides were wrong.  

Seriously, GO somewhere else.  I should.have went.to the carneseria across the street and got food there.

SKIP SKIP SKIP IT.  

If the manager or owner is reading this. Revamp your crew or get your crap together.  From other reviews I am reading, looks like you won't be open much longer