Just left the place, used a Living Social Coupon, don't know what  you 4s and 5s are smoking, this best thing my Wife and I had tonight was the beer, and thank God they served them in iced glasses.

1st Strike - If you use a debit or CC they hit you with a .75 cent charge, OK so they don't want to have to pay the bank, but i would rather have a decent meal with the cost of the bank charge included than be hit at the counter with "oh are you paying with debit or credit, that will be a .75 charge, OK", like we had a choice since it didn't say anywhere on the menu or LS coupon about he up-charge.
2nd Strike - "How about some nice chips and Salsa", oh sure, since you hit me with a .75 charge on my card use, at least i get something to nibble on, OH they'll be $2.50, as noted on the menu, but you would at least think that you would get something authentic, these puppies were right out of some flavorless bag and then they hand you a "small" salsa bowl, to select from a "salad bar", 3 choices or 4 with the pickled carrots that looked like they had be in the bar since yesterday.  Salsa was very flavorful if you like slightly bad to real bad.
3rd Strike - We both ordered the Super Fish Taco and the counter person (CP), I call her that because that is where she works and there is no one else in the place, and that's where she stayed, except I think the cook in the back who dishes the food out of some nondescript container. CP was pleasant and suggested the "grilled fish" instead of the breaded because the grilled fish was, Mahi Mahi , if that was Mahi, I'm Capt Ahab and this was Moby Carp. 
The fish tasted like something out of  a 3 day old hand cart from the back streets in Tijuana, and I'm sure that would have a better flavor.
4th Strike - "Oh that's right you only get 3, oh what the &(*), here goes anyway, since we won't be back and I can't imagine how they survive.  The rice was not even eatable, the re-fried beans were slimy, and both were slightly, and i use this term carefully, warm.

I have had wonderful Guadalajara style food, it is great experience and this wasn't Guadalajara it was not even a good.  I wish they would put up a disclaimer that if you order this "Special", you'll be sorely disappointed.  It is a terrible evening when you have left a place and know that you have wasted your time, your money, and most assuredly, your taste buds!!!