Totally will not ever eat here again, or any other Jose Cuervo location!!!!  

We were super early for a flight from Vegas and had plenty of time to spare for a meal.  Our daughter is pretty picky but she will eat guacamole so we stopped in here.  It was busy, I'll give them that, but it was difficult to find a table because all of the tables were just two seaters.  Having our daughter with us, we needed three seats.  One of the other customers saw us looking around and gave up part of their table for us to use.  

We waited FOREVER for a server to come over to our table, after having watched her greet other folks that came in well after us.  When she finally did come to take our drink order, she took one look at our daughter and went off on a rampage.  She said "Our drink menu is strictly adult! If you want a beer, I can help you out, but if you want anything like a chocolate milk for a kid, you're welcome to go to Burger King and bring it back."  Rudeness.  So, we all had water.  We should've just left right then.

It took her a lifetime to bring our waters (they must be difficult to prepare).  When she took our order, we ordered chips with salsa for our girl (the guacamole looked funky!). My husband ordered the burrito.  I ordered the chicken nachos.  

Once again, our server took it upon herself to give us advice.  She basically said that we looked like we could use some financial advice and recommended that we only order my nachos, instead of ordering chips and salsa for our girl, too, because the nachos were enough to feed up to three people and it'd be cheaper.  We were furious!   We explained that the girl wasn't going to eat nachos covered in a bunch of crap, so just chips and salsa for her, please.  

We waited at least 45 minutes after that for the food to arrive, after watching other people who came in after us get their food before us.  When it arrived, it looked horrific.  Everything was sloppy and mushy and nasty.  

The burrito was soggy and unseasoned.  

The nachos were so gross; they were 50% chips, 25% melted cheddar cheese (slices?), 20% sour cream and 5% chicken.  It was funky, nasty stuff.

The chips for the girl were stale.  But the salsa verde was good.  Yay.  

No way will I ever go back to any of these establishments again!   Ever.