An out-of-town friend from the resort across the street wanted some good Mexican food. We decided to try this place. Never been here before.

For starters, the service was terrible. We waited about 10 minutes for our simple ice tea and beer to arrive. Since there were no sweeteners at the table I asked the server if she could bring some. After 6 minutes, no sweeteners appeared, so I had to walk around and find some on my own. We only managed to get a refill of tea near the end of the meal. Apparently, this girl had better things to do with her time than to wait on our table.

Most of the food was some of most bland tasting Mexican food I've ever had. The cheese enchilada came in a cute little cast iron pan, but the flavor and texture didn't live up to the presentation. It was hard to tell what was in there buried under the puddle of sauce and cheese. Have had way better at much less expensive places. The rice had the strangest flavor of any I've had in any restaurant. It definitely wasn't a Mexican flavor. I really can't describe it and we didn't eat much of it. The black beans were bland. We didn't really like the odd salsa provided with the chips. Near the end of the meal we found out they have 5 different kinds. Would have been real nice if they had told us that when they brought the chips but you only learn this after asking. 

Up to this point, you can say I wasn't impressed but I've saved the best for last. We were sitting a few feet from one of the many open hearth ovens. Suddenly thick black smoke starting pouring out of it as around 3 of the cooks gathered in front of it. This black smoke instantly surrounded our table. If you've ever smelled burning plastic it will give you an idea what it smelled like. Was it toxic? Don't know, but it sure smelled like it was. That kind of capped the evening off.

I was embarrassed we had brought our out-of-town friend here (yes, apologies were offered) and although I can see from the reviews that some people like this place, it's not likely we'll ever return.