So I read the reviews and as usual I don't pay too much attention to them because I like to make my own judgment on a place based on my experience so with that said I went in to the restaurant at 9:40 pm which is 20 minutes till close but they had over 12 employees working at what seemed full throttle which is typical for young folks trying to get off and out on a Friday night. I have to add that Chipotle is one of my favorite places to get food and having children and bills it's almost a treat to have being that for only me and my girlfriend it was 21 dollars. I got to the restaurant and there was a line. Usually a line for Chipotle but always moves fast I ordered 2 burritos, chicken for my girl and steak for me so as he was making my burrito I asked for half barbocoa and half steak he asked if I wanted double meat or just half and half and I said half and half. Well the barbocoa pan was full of meat so he gave me a tong full and the steak pan had less than a big spoon full literally 5 little pieces of steak and rather than get something fresh from what they were cooking behind him he passed my burrito off to the next stage of the burrito making phase and as i stood there looking at the 2 burritos with the meat on the rice my girls burrito had almost triple the meat mine had so rather than be a jerk and make a complaint I just asked for double meat which the guy from the next phase of the burrito making he grabbed a heaping cup full of meat. The little cups they usually put the salsa or other sides in and it was what the amount was for being a single meat burrito I asked him to go light on the hot salsa because let's face it that stuff can melt the paint off of a car if you tried. Lol but the guy put a whole ladle full. I just shook my head to which he didn't notice and started wrapping my burrito after placing the other ingredients I asked for in it. So final stage of the transaction of the burrito making production line the cash register guy asked if I wanted some chips or anything else. I love the lime salted chips and of course said yes. I didn't notice the size of the chips till I got home and to a great disappointment the chips were hardly filled to the bottom of the letters of the bag where it says Chipotle.  Which you get more if you buy a 1.49 bag from the store. So very disappointing and to have payed 21 dollars for food that was poorly put together and skimped on for chips and meat  which I had to pay double just to get what I should have gotten for the single meat price mind you, also the non existing bag of chip's. I will make sure they never get my hard earned money ever again. How could such an amazing chain become so non amazing over the last few years? For me I know that I won't be going back to this location or any of their locations which is terrible because of this experience and I truly hope my review reaches out and makes someone think twice before they go overpaying for poor food and poor service at Chipotle. Smh