WOW. Never again.... I must say, this is the worst I have ever been treated in a restaruant. 

We were in the Target shopping center this evening, and where hungry. The fiesta is close..Why not? Mexican sounds good...Why not?

Well, 'Why not' yourself down to Sunset Station's Mexican restaurant, or to Chipotle. Or chevy's in the mall. Save yourself.

First off.
The chips. Even though it says "ala carte" chips and salsa are $3.99, they are on the buffet. There seems to be a triage of colored chips...go for the lightest ones. They don't have a revolting burnt taste to them. Salsas were okay. The green one was one of the better ones.. even though I didn't mind the one that our "server's assistant" brought out originally.

We ordered waters, and I ordered a Pineapple Mojito. 
The waters came...with about 3 ice cubes in the glasses. We were told that the restaurant was "running low" on several things (if that included ice, I am not sure), when we asked for an extra glass of it.

The first time we saw our waitress, she told us that a burrito and the fajitas were good. My guy asked if they had "corn cakes", and the waitress looked at us like we were from another country, before saying no. I asked which type of fish was in their fish tacos....tilapia (ick) and that it was frozen ((double ick.)) I went with the carintas tacos, and my guy went for the steak fajitas.

While waiting for our food, and my mojito........Our waitress never stopped by. Neither did her assistant. We were missing napkins, and silverware.. Finally, a manager, dropped off wrapped silverware in cloth napkins three feet from our table. She and I made eye contact, and I waved, she smiled and started to walk away. I then throw in more violent waves to get her to come over, so we could have some napkins, and eating utensils.

Servers who were with other tables, were quite attentive to their customers. We didn't even get our lady's name. Still waiting for our food, and attention.....and my drink.

A server/busser comes over with a tray, that isn't sizzling...so we know it's not ours. He attempts to drop it off, and we decline it.

seven minutes before our food comes, a hostess comes by with my mojito.

NOT WORTH THE WAIT. It was disgusting. watered down. A fake pineapple taste. We both had a sip of it and winced. The manager who gave us the silverware told us that our food should be any minute, and that "it takes a long time." I sent her off with the mojito. Not impressed.

Finally, our food came. My carnitas were dry. I slathered them in salsa to make them worth it...Normally, I would have sent them back... but I was famished.

The guacamole was slightly brown, and looked like it had been stored in a ziplock. The beans, had no seasoning. Tasted 'fresh' out of a can, and just thrown onto the plate. The steak for the fajitas had no flavor. No seasoning. Not even salt. The rice was good.

The second time we saw the waitress was her asking us if we needed anything. We said no.
And asked for the check. The bus boy came by to clear our plates, and we asked to see a manager.......who walked by us after we had asked for her.

When the manager came by, we told her how disappointed we were in the food, and in the service. We had seen our waitress twice, and the food was poor. She told us that she would have a talk with the server, and "see" what she could do....


She offered us free dessert, or dessert to go....we told her that we just wanted to leave. We had already asked for the check, and were STILL waiting on it.

Well, she must of talked to the server alright, because she came back, in a NOTICEABLY rude attitude when she brought our check. Like a toddler about to throw a tantrum because she just got tattled on.

Walking out, she felt the need to give us a dirty look while she said "thanks," and "goodbye".


NO THANKS. PASS ON THIS ONE.