This place was a flop. Was visiting a friend in Chandler and found this place on mobile Yelp. Had 68-something reviews and 4/5 stars which almost always means it will be a good place. Boy I was wrong this time.

I hate those lengthy reviews talking about unimportant things so I'll stick to the main point. The restaurant itself was clean and you can sit down comfortably.

The waiter highly recommended the pork avodovo plate, which is pork that is served doused with either a green or red sauce with beans and rice on the side. I cannot take spicy food, and the waiter insisted the red version isn't spicy. My friend ordered the green version since he DID want spice.

Ended up being the other way around...the red-sauce was oil-based and it was SPICY. My friend's green one was not spicy at all, and that was a more water-based sauce. He cleaned his plate and I barely touched mine. The waiter offerred to bring something else but I refused, barely having eaten any of it. I was put off by the waiter's "recommendations," and therefore assumed everything else was going to be ridiculously spicy. Plus, I shouldn't have to wait and then be delayed from leaving there for another 45 mins. I did tell him it was too spicy for me to eat and I didn't like it. He still charged me for it! I felt like I was robbed...I hate paying for something and then getting NOTHING. And I hate when restaurant waiters make you feel like you are obligated to like something when you really don't...and if you don't, they tend to argue with you about your dislikes. Same thing happened here. I didn't want to make a scene here either regarding the check, so I left hungry and paid for a second dinner at a fast food joint afterwards. What a waste.

I don't see why this place got rave reviews...the food came out in minutes and was as if it were just sitting ready reheated in the back kitchen.

My friend ordered the creme brulee for dessert and that was not good at all...served at the extreme bottom of a large soup bowl and was really thin and had a metallic taste...yuck. There are tons better places in this city.

Would so NOT recommend this place to anyone.