If you're dying to try Ninfa's in Glendale (In the old "North" restaurant building next to AJ's - and *not* recommended btw) - then I'd say go visit soon - I can't see any way how they can remain in business with the price points they desire and the portion sizes they serve.
  My family and I were able to try them out this past Thursday for dinner during a 50% off promotion. The restaurant was maybe 20% capacity with lots of waitstaff available. On the walk back to our seat, we were able to walk past many other diners and see not only the dishes they ordered, but the looks on their faces as their food arrived and/or they ate. Eek. 
   When the 'diablo shrimp tacos' i ordered arrived, I was surprised at how small the plates were, but I wasn't that hungry anyway, so no big deal. While the dish came with rice and beans, I was able to see why the plates our meals arrived on were so small: Any larger and the approx 3 tablespoons of cold, tasteless yellow-colored rice and 2 tablespoons of cold beans that accompanied the meals would have spilled over the edge of the plate.
   The shrimp tacos themselves were completely underwhelming. While the dish was indeed advertised as "shrimp tacos" - Ninfas used a single shrimp (40-60 count size at most)  and - incredibly - cut this into 3 pieces for use in the taco. It was enough for maybe 1 bite with shrimp, and 4 bites without. My meal at half price was almost a ripoff of colossal proportions. Consider the regular menu prices are regularly  50% more, and you'll get an idea of the audacity of this place. 
   As for my drink, I've never met a Michelada I didn't like. Some are great; most are glorious! But: I've never had one that was horrible until the one at Ninfas. This was my first and only Michelada in 49 years I was simply unable to drink. The Pacifico beer that accompanied it however was just wonderful :-)
  I'd comment on the other dishes we had, but they are variations on the theme above. Their chips and sauce were OK; maybe if they had a happy hour (which they don't ) I could maybe say something nice like "they might be OK for beers", but the taste of the food there seems chain-store average (are they a chain? This would explain alot) and at 50% off I felt the prices were at/over full retail for value received. 
   Hope it helps amigos. This place needs some love (snif!).