If I could give zero stars that would still be to much. After making are way to get some good fast food , we stumbled on this place and I do not recommend this to anyone unless you want to have a bad day and an uncomfortable meal.

After ordering food for my family , I asked to upgrade the aqua fresca drink , the cashier said they only offer one size  so I acknowledged and that was perfectly ok no big deal. Until her rude associate named Genelle comes up in front of us and starts to pour herself and aqua fresca in a LARGE CUP , the size I asked to upgrade too, I then asked how come I couldn't upgrade I was willing to pay she rudely said this is for me only and just walks to the back ! 
I let it go and just kept my comments to myself . It didn't stop there, as we waited for our plates she kept looking at us and making comments and laughing. As soon as our plates were done she just called our name and threw the plates down, didn't even bother to check the receipts as she was for everyone before us. At that I point I was pissed . We just walked away and STILL DIDN'T SAY ONE THING . As we were eating it felt as if there was a hawk just watching , she kept looking and making comments to another employ at the ice cream stand next to her . . 

After we finished I approached her specifically and read her badge and asked her to contact her manager . The manager did come and as a manager should , she heard me out offered an apology and asked if she could get us anything. I  didn't want anything nor was I trying to get anything. But being a manager myself I feel it's important if employees are being the way she was I also would like to know . She has affected your business I might only be a little dollar amount to what that business makes a day, but imagine all the other people who have dealt with her and have decided to never spend money there again. The dollars add up pretty quickly . Vegas is based on recommendations , tourists read to research where they want to and don't want to go. I hope she gets a lesson in customer service and Vegas being so competitive I hope management takes care of this situation before they lose more money ..