Yesterday was the second time I have tried this restaurant (04-15-2012). The first time the food was ok, but the service was great. And the view of the valley is amazing! This time was anything but good! The food was again, just ok. But we were just going out for nachos, so it is hard to mess those up. We sat at the bar. They had 3 bartenders on, not a one of which had a clue what to do. It took forever to get our drinks, and we were never once checked on when we got our food. When we sat for 20 minutes with empty plates and empty drinks in front of us it was obvious we were not going to be offered anything else so once we finally got one of the bartenders attention and asked for our check we were told just a minute. Five minutes later we still had no check and she was just walking around behind the bar putting glasses up. We then asked another bartender for our check. Again nothing. By now it has been almost 40 minutes trying to get a check. I am still unclear as to the problem since there was only 2 other couples at the bar during this whole time, and the restaurant was not very busy either. So 3 bartenders would have been over kill in any other restaurant in town. But not a single one of them seemed to have any idea what they were supposed to be doing so I guess they needed all 3 idiots. We finally went to the hostess stand to ask someone to get our check. When asked how our dinner was I smiled and let them know the view is amazing, the food was ok, but the service was so bad that I would never be back, and to keep in mind I have a very big mouth and will probably be telling everyone I come across about what a bad experience this was. I am a local bartender as well. I come across quite a few guests in that  general area. I would think with so many choices for mexican food in this town and so many restaurants struggling to stay open in these tough times they would be able to find someone that actually wants to make sure the guest is happy. I guess the fact that their food is just ok, and they don't seem to have to strive for better there why bother with the service? The name on our check was Adriana. I have no idea which of the 3 she was, but it really doesn't matter. All three were equally as bad with their skills, or actually lack their of! 
Save your time and money and go someplace that actually appreciates your business. This place obviously does not!