The BF, daughter and I ate here this evening around 7:30PM.  What a mistake!  

Here's the Cliff's Notes version:  Absolute worst employees and service.  Loud, obnoxious, vibrating buzzers they refuse to turn off so they let them go off on top of the countertop all night so the whole restaurant has to hear it.  Food wrong, and absolutely disgusting.  

Details:  When we first entered, there were 2 small families in front of us.  The cashier looked either very much on drugs, or like she would have rather been in the depths of hell, rather than at work.  She was very rude and not helpful toward what the first (senior) couple.  They were asking a lot of questions, as they couldn't see the menu.  She was very snappy at them and had to ask someone else for almost all of their answers.  She took a ridiculously long time ringing them up.  Next family: mom, dad, kid (I'm assuming).  We had already been standing in line for over 5 minutes waiting for her to ring up the first couple, and this family took her about 3 or 4 minutes.  

I already researched the online menu of what my daughter and I wanted because I'm a vegetarian and she's indecisive, so I was ready to go!  As the people in front of us walk away, i look at her as I'm moving up and she doesn't say "hi", "can I help you", "kiss my ass", or anything.  Doesn't even smile, just stares at me..  So, I just start ordering and tell her I want the kid's meal with 2 chicken legs.  She asks me what side.  I tell her flour tortillas.  She then says, "you need to pick one of these", and points to a sign of the side options on the counter.  I tell her mashed potatoes.  Then she asks do i want chips or tortillas.. Wth, I seriously just freaking told her!  Then she even asks again if i want flour or corn! By this point, I'm sure its the drugs..  I order the Grande Avocado Bowl, she rings something in, and then I tell her that I want shrimp on the side (I'm a vegetarian, so it goes to the BF).  She says "oh, you want shrimp?" (it comes with a choice of shrimp or chicken, and she automatically rang me up for chicken) So, I'm like "oh dear Lord, here we go with having to wait another 5 minutes just for her to fix her mistake".  I emphasize AGAIN for the shrimp on the side, since she was having trouble even forming sentences. BF orders a large cup of chicken tortilla soup.  Painful ordering experience..

While you're waiting for your order, they give a buzzer.  Well, when they call your order, they don't bother turning them off, they just let them sit on the counter top, vibrating wildly, extremely loud, for at least a minute, PER ORDER!  This happened throughout our entire meal.  Extremely annoying.

Food comes up a short while later and the BF's soup is in a small bowl when he ordered large, and she (different lady) says "are you sure??".  Wow!!  So she walks over to the chick that rang us up and asked her, instead of just giving him a larger bowl!!  She comes back and says "my bad, it was my mistake".  (Screening process for employees must not be too extensive here...) My food was totally wrong, it was extremely sloppily put together and it had chicken ON IT.  I tell her it was shrimp instead of chicken and on the side, and I thought her head was gonna start spinning around; I had definitely confused her to the point of no return.. So I wait about 5 minutes and she gives me my order which strikingly resembles slop you would give a pig from a bucket.  It tasted worse.  80 percent of the entire thing were super-runny pinto beans, which overshadowed everything else since everything was drenched in the soup.  Bland slop.  I forced down about a quarter of it because I was hungry, but threw the rest away.  BF's soup was fine (but how hard is it to mess up soup??) We've been here a couple times and its not normally this bad, but we will NOT be returning. (At least to this location)