So I have been wanting to come to this joint for EVA! How-EVA, our experience was not fabulous. It was more like DRAB-ulous. Things started out great when we snagged a cozy little table in the corner about 9pm on a Friday night. The liquor wall looked too tempting to pass up, so I ordered a Gibson with some Tito's vodka (my fav!)- well the cocktail onions were soggy and mushy upon first bite and it pretty much ruined the drink. The server did not offer to bring me something different, he just apologized and looked for the jar of onions and said they are all like that. Hmmmm. There were a MILLION specials. It took like 5 minutes literally to read the entire list. It was baffling. The prices are NOT cheap. We were already thinking we should give this place a shot during $5 plate happy hour. Anyway then we ordered some grilled oysters. Well, they came out with Chirozo on them- and I barely eat seafood, but definitely not pork! All the server said was "Well it listed the chorizo on the menu"- Hmmmmmm. Again, we just kept them. Then my boyfriend tried one and it was full of sand! At this point, we had already ordered the mushroom toast points, but after the oyster debacle, we had pretty much decided to go elsewhere and especially when the next appetizer came, it just was overloaded with brie and canned looking mushrooms, totally overcooked and unappetizing. We politely told the server that we were just going to call it a night (there was NO WAY we were going to spend 35-40 bucks on the entree lottery)- he then offered to "do anything" to make our experience better and we thanked him and just explained why we were leaving and we would be back to try the happy hour another time (truth). Anyway then he took like 15 minutes at least trying to get the manager to take the oysters off (I would rather have paid for them) and then he FINALLY brought us our bill with the two drinks AND the uneaten mushroom appetizer. I am a foodie and have been in the business since I was 15 and I NEVER EVER want anything for free or removed from my check, however, there are certain circumstances- and I must say I can not remember having a completely horrible experience like this one on a long time- where I feel  that as a server, let alone a manager- I would comp the entire tab and offer to have the guest back on some sort of gift certificate or comp.  Again, I NEVER EVER look for anything free in a restaurant, but if you had been sitting in my shoes last night, you would agree this experience warranted some above and beyond customer service to retain guests in the future. Well that didn't happen, perhaps they have been around so long they just figure oh well who cares, we are well known so whatever. Well, whatever is I will NEVER attend that restaurant or any of their other concepts, plus now I have written a poor review, and all my FB friends know about it too. I'm sure in my life moving forward Rokerij will also come up in conversation with some of my foodie friends and they too will know I think this place is overrated. We left the waiter a very nice tip and thanked them by never attending their establishment again. Such a shame. Customer service is dead these days... SIgh....Hope it was worth the $30 bucks guys.