First post on Google Map Review - about a month ago:
Very tasty and fresh! Hidden Gem on the Strip. Definitely try the Nachos Appetizer with Chicken and extra cheese to share! Muy Bueno!!!

Update - 040415: Unfortunately I am updating this post to express my less than professional experience today at this establishment. Earlier today my wife and I decided we wanted to return to La Salsa for their very tasty nachos! We were both looking forward to getting our tastebuds awakened. Upon arrival the bartender was very short to say the least. She asked what we would like to order...We told her we were not ready. My wife stepped away to the restroom and the bartender asked again. I asked for water and politely stated that the order would be placed when my wife returned. Only one water was placed at our seating...Wife returned, we ordered, food was served quickly, margaritas were great...I asked my wife how was the Guacamole, she replied "not good"...from here it went downhill. We mentioned this to the bartender, and her response was "What!!?? Our guacamole is amazing!" I expressed to her we did not enjoy the dish and to please remove from our bill. Her response was since you have tasted it I cannot remove the item. We had ordered (2) 14.00 margaritas, Nachos for 10 to 12 dollars...were we really having a conversation about a 9.00 guacamole appetizer? She refused and I requested the manager. Manager shows up...almost in a scolding manner asking what was the issue. I expressed we did not like the guacamole and to remove from our ticket. He appeared to take it personal and once again in a scolding fashion asked what was wrong with the guacamole!!?? I expressed again we did not enjoy and wanted it removed from our bill. His response was have you eaten any...I replied, Yes we tasted this and determinated we did not like the dish. Finally he snipped "Remove it from their tab" Wow, really a 9.00 appetizer! I was highly agitated and stepped away to get some fresh air. Upon my return, my wife was visibly still bothered by the experience. The bartender had given us our check while we had half of the nachos remaining and we did not even ask for the check...The total bill was 44.00, the total came to 50.00 after a 6.00 tip. I requested to speak to the manager again, introduced myself, and extended my hand for a handshake. I begin to explain my point of view regarding the earlier encounter by showing him the previous post on Google Maps Review. I also explained to him that we primarily have eaten guacamole prepared tableside...and what we were served today was not tasty to us. I explained that there were not enough onions, spiciness, and salt. He explained that yes there is a difference between their guacamole and prepared fresh tableside was a difference. Their guacamole is made every four hours and made with sun dried tomatoes. He also explained how he was allergic to onions. He also stated that we were the first to ever complain about the guacamole. He was cordial and not as defensive as earlier. While I do understand him being taken back by our complaint...was it justified to come across as though we had done something wrong by expressing our opinion? We are talking abouy 9.00 dollars.  What I love about the USA is the free market choice and competition. There are quite a few other tex mex spots on the strip and we will be giving those a try. What bothers me the most is the first experience was excellent! Bartender was great! Service was great!! I am very disappointed. Later that evening we ended up at the Capital Grille bar on the Strip for a few martinis and their incredibly delicious lamb chops. As we sat there chatting with the bartenders and enjoying our drinks and meal...I was so thankful for Consistently Great Service! Thanks Capital Grille for a wonderful end to our evening. Oh and by the way the bill at Capital Grille was only 10.00 dollars more than La Salsa. Be mindful where your dollars are spent...