Craving Mexican food (Friday night around 6:30 pm), looked on line for restaurants close by and found Mucho Gusto.  Had good reviews.  Ilk!  Walked in thru back parking lot.  So cute!  The patio is lighted nicely and reminded us of Los Sombreros.  Not at all the same.  The two of us asked to be seated outside and had to wait 5 minutes for the hostess to seat someone that we didn't see.  So we sat and waitress came over pretty fast.  Ordered just Coke and Sprite with guacamole.  The reduction sauce that came around it sounded interesting.  

Chips and salsa were alright.  Small bowl with small bowl of pureed sauce.  Smokey sauce.  Alright.  Not too spicy but did have flavor.  Chips were not warm or cold.  Did NOT seem super fresh or stale.  I don't believe ANYTHING is deep fried here.  They have no grease vat in back.  Things on the menu say, "Pan fried".  That proves it, we think.  Guac. was fine.  I make better at home.  How can you really mess up avocado, onions and tomato?  The sweet nutty sauce around the edges was interesting.  Not something I'd HAVE to have again.  Good chips would have made the quac. more fun.

So, the food seems kind of healthy because they don't deep fry anything on-site.  We waited a long time for drinks and food.  Ordered a second and third bowl of chips and and a second sauce.  I got the enchilada trio with one of each, carnitas, chicken and cheese.  Yuck.  The corn tortillas were not soaked in the canned enchilada sauce.  Came out almost cold.  Both meats were just something they had prepped sitting in warmed containers that could have been scooped and put in those tortillas easily.  No care in making the meat.  Wasn't horrid, just alright.  It was all cubed rather than shredded, which I didn't like.  The cheese was hard in the 3 tortilla.  I think it was jack.  Nothing special.  Enchiladas were covered with that canned red sauce and shredded ice burg lettuce and sour cream that had been squirted on out of a squeeze bottle.  They try.  

Spanish rice was medium.  The BEANS were atrocious!  I have had better at Taco Bell.  They really seemed reconstituted.  I am serious.  Powdered beans made soupy with water.  They were the worst!  That is bad, because even if everything else is awful, I always appreciate good re-fried beans.  What a disappointment.   

Husband ordered the Garlic Shrimp Amaretto.  They came out warm/cold too.  There were a good number of them.  Sweet white sauce on shrimp was weird.  They are trying to be interesting again, but it didn't work out here.  Those mashed potatoes that some reviewers like or hate?  I think they are kind of nice.  They seem to be real potatoes.  They are orange and taste a little like the green chile potato from Richardson's.  Veggie on the side were firm and steamed.  Pretty good.

Waitress was nice and thanked us for being patient overall at the end.  She paid attention to drink, chip and salsa refills.  Took away old plates.  The bill was $44.32 and that is too much for what we got.  Didn't even drink!  Price is too high for quality of food.  Not going back.  Would not recommend to friends.  Not authentic Mexican food.  Not interesting.