It's was quite shocking to me to see a 2009 Yelp Award sitting on the counter-top of this establishment.   The award identified that the restaurant  was awarded #1 Mexican and #1 Bar.  (More on this later)

We arrived at this establishment and were seated by a waiter who asked us if we'd like something to drink besides water.  A bit on the rude side but I was willing to let it slide.   

We were provided with a small bowl of chips and two salsa varieties.  A green salsa that looked and tasted like jalapeno and green chile swimming in pickle juice.   The red was the more edible of the two but nowhere near "New Mexican."   

 My roommate and I were hungry and quickly went through the chips.  When my roommate asked for more chips the waiter looked extremely put off by the fact that he was asking and rudely retorted.."that's going to be $1.00 extra." 

My roommate commented "Wow they really  take their rules seriously here."   This took me back to all the "Don't s" the menu contained.  "No Subsitutions."  "We Don't Split Checks"   "We don't know how to make mild chile."  "One Free Refill."  All that would fall under good customer service is clearly displayed on their menus and at the door as something that they "don't" do.  

We got  our food seconds after my roommate requested more chips.  (what a waste of a dollar).  My roommate order a white corn chicken enchilada with green chile.  I ordered the blue corn chicken enchilada with red.  Both my roommate and I are native New Mexicans and know good chile.  Neither the red or green was good.  The red was the more edible of the two.   I don't understand how there are so many reviews on Yelp that say the food is hot or spicy.   The chile is absolutely bland and dull.   I would dare say that they don't even use real New Mexico chile.  

I was actually quite impressed with the touch of the fried egg on top of the enchilada.  This was a rather authentic touch.  This is where it all went downhill.  As I dug down I realized that my enchilada consisted of one thick flat electric blue tortilla with chicken and cheese, covered in red "chile" and a fried egg.    The tortilla was clearly not made with real blue corn. It was homemade to their credit but the tortilla was nothing more than an extra thick tortilla made with Maseca and blue food coloring.  I kid not when I say that it looked like something a child would make with blue play dough. 

The bad service continued throughout the rest of dinner with the wait staff never coming back to make sure everything was alright. NOTHING.  

Which leads to my final thoughts going back to why I pointed out that this place actually won a yelp award.  The only thing the staff seemed to do with gusto was serving the Margaritas which they were churning out in pitchers at a furious pace.  I can definitely see how the possibility of them winning #1 bar could happen.  Which leads me to my final thought.   TIPSY bi****es should not be allowed to vote!  For a real New Mexican experience in the Valley of The Sun Visit Si Senor in Chandler.