Mi Casa has always been  one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas. I go there at least once a month for family dinners.  Tonight my fiancé and I wanted to have a nice night out and decided to go to Mi Casa. We ordered the shrimp enchiladas however we were told they only had seafood enchiladas tonight, which we didn't mind. The seafood enchiladas were delicious until I took the last bite of my rice and felt a piece of hair in my mouth! I immediately had to spit the rice into my napkin and discovered there was a hair cooked INTO  my rice! Disgusting! We let the waiter know what happened and he immediately got the manager. As if the random hair in my mouth wasn't  bad enough, the manager GINA was so insincere. monotone, and sarcastic. I told her, "look, we love this restraint and eat here all the time. The manager then told me with an attitude, "I don't see how that could happen all the chefs are men and wear hats" then she proceeded to eyeball my hair. (My hair is extremely light golden brown color and the hair in my rice was black)  She was judging us as if we did this on purpose to get a free dinner. Then I explained "look it's not about the bill we can pay for the bill". Then she repeated 3 times "so what do you want to do? " and then "are you drinking? Oh you have drinks. Do you want me to take off the drinks or what do you want?!" She is the manager and she should be smart enough to know what to do in that situation! I told her forget refunding the drinks I specifically don't want to pay for my meal. She said "ok", turned around and walked away. Unbelievable! At that point I wasn't mad about the hair in my food anymore. I was upset because she judged me and my fiancé, I could see the look on her face that said they are just trying to get a free meal liars, probably don't have money. So offensive. Will NEVER eat there again. Loved the atmosphere, food and wait staff. The judgmental manager disgusted me more than the hair in the food. Don't eat here if you expect customer service skills when you eat out. GINA you need a new career!