So I went to this place hoping it would "wow " me since I used to love the original tortas la presa , but boy was I disappointed. As soon I went with friend we waited 20 minutes before they asked us what we wanted to drink and another 10 minutes before they brought it over. The place had maybe 2 tables so it was not busy, so I kept wondering what took them so long to ask for my order. As I was waiting I noticed nobody in the kitchen were wearing sanitary gloves or hairnets(I'll get to that later) , finally when they got our orders; my friend ordered the torta without onions and I ordered they're biggest one called the hipocampo . Our order arrived about 20 minutes later again with not a full restaurant and had to return my friends because it had onions, they offered to redo the torta since it was their mistake. I started eating my torta and I left unimpressed since the milanesa tasted dry/chewy and likely old but definitely not fresh. We waited another 10 minutes for the redo of the order and you can check the picture I uploaded as proof , it came with a nasty hair( remember the hair net mention?). So at that point my friend was disgusted and so was I , so I asked for bill. The lady in the front said she was gonna charge me for both tortas since they had to redo it twice, I was in complete and utter shock that they had the audacity to even think about charging for a mistake they made and another with a disgusting hair on it(very poor food quality) . She kept insisting she wanted to charge me for both and I insisted I was only gonna pay for two horchatas and ONE torta. She said she would look into it by asking the lady chef in the back and I listened since I know Spanish perfectly , her response was "he has to pay for both! He's lucky we don't charge him for all three! We wasted ingredients and product making them" so she came back and kept insisting I pay. She then called her manager and HAD to ask her if she could give me the courtesy of not charging the 2nd torta in which she kept nodding with a negative manner. She finally got off the phone and said in order for me not to pay for the 2nd torta , I would have to write in the back of the ticket "why I didn't pay". I wrote hair on torta in Spanish and paid for the rest of the meal, never in my life have I had such a struggle in getting, paying or eating food. Places like these make other torta establishments look bad in the way they interact and treat their customer. Needless to say , I'm never returning to this place.