The only reason I gave this place even one star is because I did have a good time there once before. The bartenders are nice, drinks are fairly cheap, and the DJ is pretty good. However, I took 4 stars away because of the unbelievably slimey and sleazy security. 

Strike 1: Me and 3 of my other friends all decided to spend a casual, non-crazy night out at Steel Cactus, because as I've mentioned before, we had a good night there before. We walked in, the music was pretty good so we started dancing. For a particular song, 2 of us went to the bathroom while the other 2 went to dance on the dance floor. When we met up with these 2, my friend told me that one of the security guys ran a finger down her back. 

Strike 2: My friend and I were dancing while the other two went to get drinks. While the 2 of us were dancing alone, we noticed that 3 security guards started grouping around behind us and stared at us like we were pieces of meat. This was an easy fix once we all regrouped and they focused their attention on whatever else.

Strike 3: One extremely drunk young woman (I'm talking drunk out of her mind, leaning against the wall, eyes barely open) was being grinded on by a SECURITY GUARD. He obviously knew she was intoxicated beyond  all reason, because while he was grinding on her he was LAUGHING. But wait...it gets worse.  The security guards circled around her while she struggled to dance in the middle and then fell face forward. You would think security would help then...NOPE. They stood there and laughed at her (as did other douchey bargoers, but that's besides the point). Some nice lady and gentleman tried to gently shake her awake (which by the way was the only time someone helped her) when finally ,security, you know, the ones laughing at her, realized "oh damn, maybe we should help her"picked her up and escorted her out.

Needless to say, I am incredibly disappointed in Steel Cactus and the lack of security there is there. I am still stunned that I witnessed something so vile and disgusting. My blood is still boiling, and I've had a few days to mull this over. Steel Cactus, I seriously hope your management reads this and reevaluates who you hire. This is a total disgrace and will not be returning here any time soon.