I am sorry to report that my mom and I had the worst Mexican meals we've ever had last night at Gecko Grill. I had already been a guest once with my husband and that meal, over a year ago, was not impressive (I had ordered a chimichanga and it tasted very plain and he didn't even finish his meal because it was so poor), however, I wanted to give the place one more chance as maybe they were having an off day. 

My mom ordered two chargrilled fish tacos ($4.69/each) and I ordered the Gecko Quesadilla Grande ($10.99). Our server was pleasant if not super quite but no biggie there. Our food came out fairly quickly and I immediately knew why. My mom's tacos looked like soggy, plain fish tacos and my "grande" quesadilla was....you guys, I'm seriously APPALLED at what was on my plate for $10.99. This was two store bought tortillas crisped so much that it didn't even look like a tortilla was the actual ingredient. If you've have canned chicken before, you KNOW the taste and that was indeed canned chicken in my "quesadilla". There was barely any guacamole (not that I was wanting a lot but I think I maybe got one or two tastes out of the 2 triangles I ate), and if their jalapeño cream cheese exists, it didn't make it for my particular quesadilla. I cannot believe that someone has the ability to run a restaurant using prepackaged, microwaveable food. 

I see all of these positive reviews and I'm sure there have been great visits but, guys, when we are talking Mexican food-the quality-you can not all be so thrilled with this restaurant. If you are, then I believe you need to go try real Mexican food. I can name, on both hands, other restaurants in the vicinity that server FAR better meals for the same amount of money. That is the real kicker here. I wouldn't even pay $6.99 for that quesadilla item. I can go to Nando's, Tia Rosa's, Serrano's, and even Mi Amigo's and Someburro and get a plate for a similar price and have to take home the extras as the portions are generous. The plate presentation of this quesadilla at GG was amateur at best. I could make that quesadilla AND those fish tacos in my kitchen with FLAVOR and then I bet it would be worth $10.99. I will not be returning and I WILL be spreading the word. Terrible food, terrible prices.