This is my first Yelp comment. I usually don't have a strong opinion about things.  I've never in my life asked to speak to a manager about something negative.  It would take something pretty major for me to share my thoughts on the web.  But dinner tonight really pushed me over the edge.

Long story short, we went to Round Corner Cantina for their $5 Monday night taco special, ordered a bunch of $5 tacos, and then got our check which showed many of our tacos were $9 or $10.  We figured it was a mistake, so we kindly waited until we got the attention of our waitress and let her know.  She, with the same blank stare and flat affect she displayed throughout the night, told us only 3 of the tacos on the menu were on the $5 special.  We were surprised to hear this and told her there was no indication on the menu about which were on special, and she had never mentioned to us that only some were on special.  She seemed disinterested from the start of the conversation and deflected our questions to the manager.

After a few minutes, the manager came by and we told him what the confusion was.  At first, we had hoped to talk to him to try to explain the confusion and if anything, help them make it clear to future customers who were also unaware.  But his response to our concerns completely changed everything (hence why I'm writing my first Yelp comment).  His first words were "She (the waitress) told you guys when you got here about the special, but she said you were talking to one another and didn't hear her."  WHAT??? ARE YOU SERIOUS DUDE?? The manager of this restaurant seriously just blamed us for talking to one another (I don't know what you rest of you folks out there do at restaurants) and not listening when our disinterested waitress supposedly explained things to us.  Even if she did tell us these things (which I'm pretty confident she didn't), wouldn't she have tried to get our attention?  Talking to the back of peoples' heads seems counterproductive.

When we voiced that none of us could recall this, he responded, "Well I have to take her word because she's one of the best servers" (God Bless America) and he couldn't do anything to help us.  Is this guy serious? He's going to tell a large party of customers that their lack of attention to his lackluster, eye-rolling (again, I'm not the type to normally care about these things) waitress is their problem and that they should essentially deal with it. Wow. Just wow.  I know we all have good days and bad days.  I've had bad days where I'd probably come across as lackluster and flat, but I would never take my own misdoings and blame it on the customers who support my business' success.

I'll never go back to Round Corner. I'm honestly upset about that because I thought the food was pretty decent, especially for [what I thought was] $5.  There are just some things in life you don't do and this was one of them.  I hope all of you reading out there have better experiences, because nobody deserves a pleasant night out with friends to be tarnished by a manager who is too weak to own up to his own mistake.