El Pollo Loco is my favorite fast food restaurant! I eat it at least four time a month and the service and food is usually top notch. Unfortunately, I can't say the same for this particular location! My 11-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter planned to go there since earlier in the morning. We went in on Tuesday, November 4, 2014 at around 2:00PM - a busy time, but no excuse for what we went through. I was fifth in line, but our turn came up fairly fast. We ordered the new family meal for $20, which includes their new version of manicotti; four corn tortillas rolled up into the shape of cigars, filled with melted cheese and topped with a slightly spicy red sauce! 

It took a good 15 minutes for the food to be ready and when we received it, the first thing we noticed was that the 8-pieces of chicken were so over-cooked that they were completely dry and some parts were so tough that they were completely inedible! But we were so hungry, we let it go and began to eat. Anyway, I was so looking forward to trying the new manicotti! It looked great and I went ahead to cut one in half with my fork to see how much melted cheese would be oozing out like in the picture, but....are you ready for this?!....all that was inside was a bunch of shredded cheese, not melted at all! And when I decided to touch it ever so gently to avoid burning my finger, it was ice-cold, literally! They forgot to cook it and served it raw! Now, I'm not one to complain too much, but this was rediculous! I took it back to the counter and showed it to the manager. Although they immediately began preparing a new order, there were no "we're sorry," or any form of disciplinary action, like it was no big deal! Ten minutes later they brought out a new order to our table. But they replaced the four uncooked ones with only two new ones! Again, I went back to the counter, but this time the manager rolled his eyes at me like it was my fault! That pissed me off. By the time we sat down to eat, all the employees would eye us weird! You could tell that the word spread throughout and now I was a trouble customer to them. I will never go back to this location again and I urge corporate to make staff changes immediately!