I purchased the groupon deal for this establishment where I received 2 - $15 coupons to use towards food. Only 1 coupon was used and I refuse to go back and use the 2nd one. I will just eat the cost of the deal I paid. 

There was trash swept up along with the broom and dust pan just sitting in the entry aisle upon walking inside. I was seated and given a menu. Chips and salsa were quickly sat down on my table along with the glass of water I asked for. Three variety salsas to dip your chips in were really good - ranging from mild to spicy. This gave me a good sign of what was to come. The menu has many items to pick from. So much it may make it difficult to choose what one wants to eat. I decided on the smoked pork chops that is served with rice, beans. The waitresses seem to all to wait every table. No 1 particular server came to my table. This is can be confusing if you gave specific instruction or asked a specific question about something to one server then you get approached by 2/3 different others. My order came and I smelt it as the waitress approached before I ever seen it placed in front of me on the table. I immediately looked at it and asked, is this country ham? The waitress said no. I love pork but the 1 pork item I cannot stand and do not eat is country ham. It smelled and looked like country ham that had the life smoked out of it. So the waitress said no and I tasted it just to see for myself. As I begin to grab my eating utensils, the waitress walks off. I cut into "it" and it takes a second as "it" was hard and tough. Anything smoked to that capacity should only be used for flavoring soups or beans, NOT served on a plate to eat. Never the less, it was not as salty as the country ham but I did not want it and after 2 chews, I spit it out. To save face for the dish, I tasted the rice and beans. Neither had any flavor as if no salt of spices was used. Another waitress showed up and asked how did I like it and I said I didn't, can I order something else. A menu was handed to me and I selected my 2nd meal - the garlic shrimp that came with rice and beans as well. This dish arrived with decent sized shrimp, veins still in tact waving at me (no biggie though), and literally sitting in 1 cup full of chopped garlic. If you ever bought a jar of chopped garlic...yes, a cup if not more with lemon juice and a little butter mixed in. I got a little chuckle at looking at all that garlic sitting on the plate. The shrimp itself was missing salt, very bland. A pinch of salt goes a long way!!!! A really long way. As much garlic was on my plate, you can tell the bare shrimp was just placed on top right before serving. I ate about 2, not more than 3 shrimp then tested the beans and rice again. The same, no flavor. At that point I just asked for my check. Since the coupon was for $15, I was given grief and asked to buy something else so the bill will be more than $15. My check was $14.97 (or 87 cents). I looked at that waitress and almost lost cool and told her, NO I am not buying another thing, you figure it out and make it work and I walked out. No tip left. For an authentic mexican spot (as I read on a few reviews) I expected more in depth flavor and a good cultural food experience. I was disappointed. Somethings are not deal breakers and I try to be understanding about cultural differences etc but other things I refuse to let slide by. The food not being good, is just that - NOT GOOD. I will not return. As for my 2nd $15 coupon, I am caulking it up and eating the cost as I will not go back just to use it. The best part (and food) was the salsa brought to the table when you 1st arrive..... loved it! Outside of that, I can't give any further good points or mention