I've come here twice already. The first night I came it was for a late night eat. This place is open from 11am - 6am, so it was perfect after a night of partying. 

We were seated and given chips, 3 different types of salsa, and water right away. The chips were very warm and fresh, which was surprising considering it was 2am.

I opted for the Tostada Fiesta without sour cream (9.95) and my boyfriend got sirloin steak fajitas (14.95). It came within 10 minutes and boy did it look yummy! We both took a bite and it tasted just as good. The portions were very big, so we weren't able to finish, but we had some awesome leftovers. 

I highly recommend this place for late night dining. It's very mellow since there aren't many people dining and the lights are dimmed a bit to give it a romantic/relaxing mood. 

The second time we came here, it was for the $10 taco buffet. We found out about the it the first time we were here because the waitress suggested it. 

The place was a little more poppin' this time since it was around lunchtime and I'm sure there's a lot of regulars that enjoy the buffet. We were seated and given chips and salsa right away. Pretty awesome considering we were paying for the buffet and we still got complimentary chips n salsa. I also ordered a cherry coke and the waitress brought it with a couple maraschino cherries in the cup, which was a tasty little treat. 

We headed down the steps and to the buffet. It was rather small, but it had all the necessities to get your tummy to grow twice its size. There were tacos, chile relleno, enchiladas, rice, beans, fresh guacamole, salsas, carnitas, carne asada, shredded pollo, and even tostada bowls to make your own crazy concoctions, 

We both put as much food on our plates as we could possibly fit. We just wanted to make sure we tried everything and we sure did. Needless to say, by the end of our meals we were extremely full and very satisfied. The quality of the food was great, especially for the low price that you pay. 

I'd definitely come back again. You get the most bang for you buck with the buffet, but if you want a nice low key dining experience then come here for a late night dine.