Time to update my review since it had almost been two years since I last visited. 

Walked in on a Saturday night and it was very quiet and empty, we were greeted by a friendly hostess and we were seated promptly. There were only 4 other tables occupied. I had been craving a shrimp salad from Lindo's for the past few weeks so I was a bit upset at my husband for not wanting to take me, we were going to catch a movie at the Palms so we needed to eat at a restaurant in close proximity, boo! From what we remembered, the food and service here was good so we drove right over.

We were seated promptly but we waited a few minutes for our server to appear. My husband and I both ordered waters with lemon and a waiter brought out chips along with bean dip, red salsa, and an avocado salsa. The avocado salsa was the best, they only times I've ever seen it made are at catered parties so that was quite a treat, loved it! 

For my entree I ordered a chicken caesar salad ($10.99), they don't have a shrimp salad which was a let down for me. I asked our server if I could substitute the chicken for shrimp, he said he'd ask the chef and that he'd be right back. I knew that if he agreed I would pay a few more dollars which was fine with me. When the server came back out he said that I would have to be charged $20 for the salad if I wanted it with shrimp, I was expecting to be charged a few more dollars but not almost double, so I stuck with the chicken. My husband ordered a steak chimichanga for his entree. We didn't have to wait long for our food to come out, maybe 15 minutes tops. My salad was topped with cotija cheese which gave it a different flavor, not bad, just different. The chicken was a bit on the dry side but seasoned well, it was your average salad, decent. My husband did not like his entree very much, he said the steak was too fatty which is something he detests. Overall, we were not very pleased with our meals. It was subpar. 

Now on to the service. The server didn't even check on us once when he dropped off the food, he only came back to ask if we wanted dessert or the bill. I wanted a flan so I ordered, he came back out with the flan and bill. The flan was bland to me and it had a different texture than what I'm used to, it was not very sweet and if it had caramel, I couldn't taste it, the best part of it was the whipped cream and cherry on top. Overall we spent $28 on our meal which isn't bad but the food isn't that good anymore, I might be back, I might not, for now, I have much better options for mexican food elsewhere.