My friends and I just returned from Ricardo's after one of the  most horrific restaurant experiences ever! The food was less than mediocre, our server was extremely rude and there was no one in management to complain about our experience.

The events are:

1.  No tableware for all of us.
2.  Server did not know the order numbers per dish although, they are listed in that format on the menu and proudly said, "I don't use the numbers. You are going to have to give it to me by the item." After, one gave the order number again, she said, "you are giving me the order number again. I just need the items."
3.  Server returned and informed they were out of certain foods and asked if we wanted substitutions which we did.  However, she did not ask the person if she wanted a replacement for the soup that was out of stock and walked away.  
Fortunately, the person who ordered soup did not want a replacement.
4.  Our drinks were not refilled until we asked our bus person (good service) and continued to supply the refills, not the server.
5.  When food was ready she asked, "who got the one with two enchiladas? Who got the one with the tacos?" Very unprofessional.
6.  On one order, the cheese on the beans was burnt.
7.  On another order, there was sour cream although I asked for it not be included. The server questioned and doubted that I made that request. Then she said that they were too busy and the kitchen was making mistakes because of this (many, many empty tables).
6.  Finally, when presented the bill, we noticed we were overcharged (the substitutions).

There was an attempt to make a complaint to  management but there was no manager on duty.  The server wanted to speak to the person making the complaint but he was done with her horrible attitude.  She then returned to our table and said, "I am sorry that my service sucked but you could have talk to me about it" as she aggressively picking up our plates.  She explained why the bill was broken down but didn't bother to do this when presenting it.  I explained to the above complaints and she "well, I am sorry I sucked!"

Finally, we left the restaurant in a horrible mood and our server's attitude was outrageous and extremely unprofessional.  Her excuses and lack of service were apparently due to their heavy business but it was not very busy at all.
We do not recommend this restaurant, but highly  recommend for Chef' Robert Irvine's show- Restaurant Impossible!