I classify Mexican food into two categories: "Tex-Mex" and "Authentic Mexican". I usually don't eat Authentic Mexican food unless I'm in Mexico, New Mexico, East Los Angeles, or Texas. 
I've been to this place a few times in the past usually between 11AM and 3PM, but I woke up at 7AM this morning with a craving for Tex-Mex, so I went there at 8AM because they're open 24hr/day. 
I really didn't know what to expect at that hour (maybe they only served Mexican omelets or huevos rancheros, etc.), but it turned out that they offered the regular full menu.
I got the combination plate, which is usually what I get if I go to Cabo's or Garduno's, but I'd have to say that Ricardo's was better than the two aforementioned restaurants.
I can't explain how it was better, but there was something in the seasoning that reminded me of the food in Mexico. The rice was very soft and the refried beans had no lumps of beans, both of which I liked very much and is not the case with other restaurants.
There was only one man there, who acted as host and server, and he treated me like family. He even said, "Would you like chips and salsa, or is it too early?", which I thought was very efficient, and it would be the same thing that I would say at 8AM (of course I answered, "Absolutely").
I drink a lot of iced tea, and after I downed the first glass in 60 seconds, he put a carafe of it on my table, which is what I would do as well (I ended up drinking two carafes). 
I wish that I brought my i-phone so I could've taken a picture of the combination plate, because the taco shell was not a regular taco shell, but more like a tortilla that was deep-fried. They also took the stem off of the chili relleno, which again, I thought was great, and I can't remember any other restaurant doing that.
I told the waiter exactly what I just wrote, and he was very gracious and said that he would relay my sentiment to the chef. He also mentioned that they get all their ingredients from California, which made sense.
I don't know what more I can say. It was very, very good.
Now, I have to add a third category for Mexican food: "Authentic Tex-Mex".