During my weird Vegas trip, none of my friends ate a meal together. I was the only foodie and everyone just fended for fast food between drinks. I wanted quick meal in the hotel (Luxor), but still wanted to be able to sit down so I ended up at Tacos and Tequila. I was in and out within 40 minutes which was pretty sweet.

It would not be fair to compare a taco in Vegas to the tacos I eat in California, but naturally I still strayed that route. It's not the same as Mexican food in California, but it's decent if you need a taco or tequila fix. 

Complimentary Chips with Two Salsas - The chips were a little thick. I like fresh fried thick and crispy or thin corn chips, but I'm not a big fan of the in between tortilla chip where it's a little thicker and really hard but not too crispy. This was an in between chip. The salsas were fine, they gave a red and a green salsa. 

#1 Alambre Taco Plate (Grilled Steak, Bacon, Chile Poblano, Onion, Cilantro, Oaxacan Cheese on Flour Tortilla) - It says on their menu that this is their #1 item and looking at their other offerings, I would agree. The taco is full of diced steak and bacon with a mild kick to it from the poblano chile. The flour tortilla was rolled thin so that was a positive surprise (I like thin vs. doughy). The plate came with rice and beans and this is where it went wrong. The black beans were good, but the rice was undercooked and gritty. Rice is the filler item and it's not hard to get right.  C'mon man! If you are craving some beef tacos, I recommend getting Alembre tacos, either a la carte or as a taco plate. Let's just hope your rice turns out better than mine were.

Service was good. I sat at the bar and they were fast with the water, chips and salsa and they did check on me after I received my food. They have flat screens with sports on in the bar area and they can fit sizable parties at the tables. Comparing to the other mid-range restaurants at the Luxor, T&T - Tacos and Tequila is probably one of your safer bets.