I hate straying from my always growing burger to-do list, but I was recently out at lunch with some contractors and there happened to be a burger lunch special at the Mexican restaurant we were eating at so I was peer pressured into it. I try to plan my burger meals around my work schedule or where I'll be during parts of the week, so I figured walking into Tacos & Tequila at the Luxor I'd be able to avoid an unplanned burger and mess up my plans later in the week. Other than the Double Del at Del Taco, I can't say I've had many burgers at Mexican restaurants so I really wasn't expecting much, but couldn't say no to the audience at my table that wanted to witness a burger review in the making. Were they able to witness anything decent?

The bar is located on the atrium level inside the pyramid, with nothing but a small decorative ceiling above it so when you're sitting in there you have a view looking up at all the guestroom corridors and surroundings. It's a bit noisy as there is a lot happening on this floor between the background music, tourists walking by and the check-in area directly below. Seats towards the front 'patio' area are great for people watching though, as this is a very high traffic area. Their menu is pretty stocked with typical Mexican fare, nothing out of the ordinary. What is random is the Matador Burger listed on their lunch special: fresh grilled half-pound burger patty, caramelized onions, sautéed mushrooms, guacamole, gouda, oxacan & jack cheese, spicy thousand island and tomatoes on a fresh baked bolillo roll.

What came out was not as random; it actually a resembled a very good looking burger despite the chips being on the plate where fries should have been. The bun was very chewy, grilled on the inside and quite good. The patty had good beef flavor, was cooked a bit inconsistently throughout but somewhat close to the medium-rare I ordered in most parts. The loads of shredded lettuce and avocado slices made it seem very Mexican, and the mushrooms were almost non-existent. The caramelized onions were not quite caramelized enough and were a bit overpowering at first, but either I got used to them as I kept going or the rest of the flavors were able to combat them later on. The burger had a lot of melted cheese on it, but that too was lost with everything else. Overall this was quite a good burger; one of the guys at my table who also ordered one said that it was definitely in the top 5 he's ever had in Vegas.

As I said before the burger came with chips instead of fries, and after asking the waiter there was no option at all for fries. The chips were mostly soft and soggy, and I didn't end up eating too many of them. As preferred with most of my burger meals, fries were definitely missed here. I recently ordered a Bachi Burger without fries and it held its own quite well, there are only a small handful of burgers that this works for. If you don't mind chips instead of fries, this is definitely a good burger, definitely better than anywhere else inside the Luxor itself. But if you're in the Luxor or anywhere in its vicinity and are in need of a burger, you would be depriving yourself of near perfection if you didn't go to Burger Bar instead.