We visited Tacos & Tequila inside the Luxor because we had a Restaurant.com certificate for $25 off a minimum of $35. I already knew what I wanted since I have a habit of checking out the menu before I go to a new restaurant. I ordered the ceviche combo that had three different ceviches: shrimp, tuna, and Mahi mahi, each completely different. It was $17 and on the appetizer part of the menu.  If you like ceviche, this is a MUST.

My husband order the taco combo with three different tacos, beans and rice. It was also $17. That brought us to $34 and we don't usually drink with meals, so we were thinking about adding something on to our order but, already munching on chips and salsa, thought if we ordered something else, we would be stuffed. Our waiter came back and told us our order was a little short to use the coupon and suggested we try the guacamole in a side for $3. We said that would be great and expected a small dab of guacamole. It was actually a decent sized side order and we wondered how big the $10 guac appetizer would be! 

The food was AMAZING. I loved all three ceviches and expected to like the tuna the best, but the mahi mahi was WOW. The two salsas that came with the chips were really good and they had some house bottled hot sauces on the table as well that my husband was taste testing. He said his tacos were outstanding. We didn't really expect anything special so maybe that was why we were so pleased with the flavors, but it was a truly delicious meal and we were positively stuffed and happy that we didn't order anything extra off the appetizer menu!

The atmosphere was nice, but it's open to everything else going on around it as it is sort of just in the middle of things. I'm sure when you get some partying going on there, it can get a little wild, but it was very subdued and relaxing. We were there on a Friday afternoon.

Our service was good, not as good as the food, but our waiter was responsive when we asked for more water and refilled us several times during the menu. The food came out quite quickly, our chips were refilled right away when we asked for more, and the bill was brought in a timely manner. With the Restaurant.com certificate, we paid less than $20 with tax and tip and couldn't stop talking about how good the food was. For a Vegas strip restaurant, the prices were decent. I highly recommend it but go to Restaurant.com first!  Unfortunately, they've changed the restaurant.com certificate though to $25 off of $50, but I still say go for it!  YUM-O.