Delish Cheese Enchilada & Chili Relleno with a Berry Finish

SITREP

While we were waiting to hit the clubs inside the LUXOR, my buddies Chris, Tkiller and I decided to hit T&T because, dam if we weren't already hungry, and we didn't want to wait on what we heard were going to be "gratuitous hoer'dorves" which would probably be snatched up fast if anything.

THE SETUP

T&T has a prime location right on the 2nd Floor store mezzanine level of the Luxor Pyramid, right as you get off the escalator in fact.  Since I guess everyone is hitting buffets in Vegas, there actually was NO LINE at this delicious boutique Mexican Restaurant, and so we grabbed the opportunity.

THE MENU

I'm all about enchiladas to be honest.  In fact, a cheese enchilada & chili relleno combo - with accompanying beans & rice - is my personal litmus test on how well I rate a Mexican restaurant and whether I will be back.  Let's just say that if I get to Vegas again and am in the mood for Mexican, I WILL be back here!

THE FOOD

The enchilada was absolutely delectable with a spicy mole sauce.  And the chili relleno was actually BIG & CRISP in it's battered shell and full of cheeses.  I was in heaven on this count.  But it got better because the refried beans were great, and mixed with the Mexican rice, and added salsa fresca and cheese salsa, made for a most excellent chip dip.  [And yes, I got quite full.]

MARGARITAS

The berry margaritas were outstanding, and in fact I got two.  Nice & limy tart but fully flavorful for all tastebuds and still with a bit of berry sweetness (mostly blueberry).  The damage for me was about $40, with the two berry margaritas actually more than the meal, but hey, it's Vegas.

AMBIANCE

This is an open air restaurant in the midst of the Luxor Mezzanine, so there is quite a bit of white noise from the different areas of the hotel & casino activities that filter this way, especially with shoppers blitzing all around and conversing since this is the shopping level as well, and no sound barriers (no walls, no screens, no glass, etc.).  But once you get acclimated to that din, you don't notice it after awhile, and though I know some peeps are very particular about barriers, I'll make a point of noting that but am not going to deduct a rating when I'm really about the FOOD and the DRINKS.

CUSTOMER SERVICE

Props to our server and our hostess.  Absolutely darling gals - which got the *FLIRT* quotient on our experience there quite high with us guys.  But on top of that, Chris' droid and my iPhone were DYING and the gals let us charge up at their hostess stand, which apparently had a boatload of outlets all around it.  Bless them!

And I will admit that for a HOTEL restaurant (as opposed to a stand-alone restaurant venue), this was quite an outstanding experience!

THE LOWDOWN

One of the best Mexican restaurants I've been too, and actually the best one I've hit in Vegas.