Yum. I wish I had learned of this place sooner everything we ordered was delicious. The raspberry margarita was so good and refreshing. Also I tried the lemon and fresh blueberry vodka drink, it was so good. The bartender has a heavy hand and he should for a $7-9 drink. I really was in the mood for a frozen strawberry margarita  but THEY DONT HAVE A BLENDER IN THE HOUSE.  Ah What? A mexican food restaurant that does not make a frozen margarita, hum! Whatever.  

So when we were seated we had a problem with the waiter right away. We were his only table and right when we were seated he came up to us, this is cool, then he asked for our drink order I had just picked up the drink menu and before I could look at it he wanted my order I asked for a frozen mararita and that is a no go, so then I say let me look at the drink list and he tells me he will be back he is going to get my dates drink and take my order when he brings hers. Um, FU Man, well i thought this was rude. He could have made a seggestion or even took a min he had no other tables. Whatever i delt with it. Then he comes back I give him my drink order and he askes if we wanted an app. We asked him to give us a min and come back and he says ok well how about some chips and guac to munch on while you look at the menu. Sure we say and as he walks away Iook at the menu and the chips are $9. Chips and guac, for $9 I could get three mini tostadas with chicken. Ah I will pass on the $9 chips. This guy was not helpful with the menu and I hate it when you ask what is good or what is your favorite or mabey the most ordered dish and all they say is everything is good not sure what the best is. This guy blows and he should not be a server, at all. Not friendly and just a frekin douce bag! He did not care about nothing this guy. I almost asked for another waiter cause he just seemed to be trying to rush us. Well because of how he was we decided to not get an app and just get dinner. 

Well we ordered the Steak Fajitas and the Pollo Relleno. The steak was so good and tender, it melted in my mouth. Peppers and onions were delicious and they have the best rice and beans.  The flower tortillas were heated on the flat top and crisped up and chared a little, yum. The Pollo Relleno is the house signature dish! chicken breast stuffed with poblano chiles, caramelized onion, corn and goat cheese finished with poblano cream sauce. paired with guajillo mashed potatoes, and vegetables. I will be back for this for sure. Its so good. The mash were a little dry but good flavor. The chicken was moist and had tons of flavor. I was hoping it was going to be a little bit spicy but it really did not matter cause the flavor was there. So many good things on the menu and I will be back for sure. I absolutly will refuse having that server again. This place is great, awsome little patio and the inside is nice to. No booths but nice and clean look inside with art hanging next to every table. My opinion its way better than Barrio, cause there the only thing I liked was the pork, and I tried 4 different dishes there, plus I felt like I was eating in a alley or something. So for now I will give this place 3 stars, -1 cause of the service, but I will be back to do a follow up. On the way out the owner stopped me and asked me how everything was. He stood outside and talked to me for about five min. I told him I loved the food and will be bringing the folks back to try. Also told him we were very unhappy with the waiter and he said he agreed with it sound like he was rushing us and not very informative. He said if there is ever a problem like that again to ask for him and he will take care of us.