I generally always give 5 stars when needed and only 1 star when also needed.  

I walked up to the host and wasn't greeted in a friendly way.  It was more like hey bro, you want a 1 top table?  I said yea, bra I just need a table.  The host then just turned around, mind you there is only 20 tables in about a 25x25 area, then said we just gave the last one up.  I was staring directly at a table to his right that needed to be bussed.  He then said oh you want that 4 top?  I told him i just needed a table,so I can eat and work on my laptop.  I was sat, the menu was placed face down, and he left without saying anything.  

It took the server a few minutes to get to me, which wasn't the awkward part.  The awkward part was listening him tell the table across from me that they are almost out of everything and that there kitchen was closing quickly.  When my server came to my table, he didn't introduce himself, nor did he really great me.  It was just "can I get you a drink" so I asked for a diet coke.  I then asked him what the kitchen was out of, but by the time I finished my sentence, he had already walked away.  I had to call him back to the table to find out what the kitchen was out of.  I had to ask him what the kitchen was out of, and he really didn't say anything other then beef and maybe chicken.    He came back a few minutes later with a water, which I didn't ask for.  I placed my order and while I was doing it he wasn't writing it down.  After I placed my order he tried to repeat it back to me, but forgot an item so I had to repeat my order. While I was waiting for my food to come, the table was grumbling and looking for a manager.   They couldn't find one, but ask for the check and they had the same waiter as me.  That waiter went to the host stand and started explaining to the host how he wanted the dinning room floor sat as it was to benefit  him the way he explained it to the host.  So about 6 minutes after the table next to me asked for their check he left the host stand and the table had to ask him again for the check.  I got my food in a timely manner for sure, and the girl that dropped it off was friendly.  My food isn't bad, but the queasily is boring nothing special.  My salad was very normal and I will give it an excellent rating for the use of square Doritos chips.   My burrito was good, but the carnitas needed to be cooked longer.   Now I have been done eating for about 10 minutes, and my server never checked in on me to see how my food was, nor has my table been pre-bussed.  

1.  You are in an airport, so running out of food isn't a reason to close early.
2.  If you are going to close early get your story straight with your staff.  The would tell one person they had no food, the next guest he would tell it was inventory night.  
3.  Why would you stop seating for your dinner menu at 8:45 in the middle of a holiday travel season.  
4.  The managers walked around looking like he was shelled shocked and seemed to checked out.  

So if this Blanco is owned by a real restaurateur and you have franchised out your brand to the airport, I would pull your contract with the airport.  They are doing your brand extremely poor justice.

I doubt the previous sentence is what is actually going on here.  This airport should really re-think its customer service skills and find a couple of good real restaurant people to get this place into shape.  

FYI, now at 25 minutes after finishing my food and my server still has not come back to collect my plates or check in on me.