I came here on a suggestion from one of the guys at Magnums.  He said it was a place I had to experience, and I had a lazy Saturday so I decided I'd hit it up.  It's the best place you never knew existed.
I did all the normal preparation, look it up, get the intersection and drive.  I felt I knew where it was as it's astonishingly close to the Whining Pig, another place one must visit if in Phoenix.
So I drove the 20 minutes it took to get there, took a right on to 16th and a few blocks later I turned around and went to the strip mall to park and look it up with my GPS.  I was pulling out of my parkingspot before I noticed the address, then looked at the door I had parked in front of.  I was there and didn't even know I was.  Unashamed, I drove around the complex, then took a parking spot nearby.
I walked in, taking careful notice of the sign that said "Sorry, we're open". What I expected the interior to be like was a dive bar that you'd only go with a few chums to have a beverage and a few beers.  What I found was quite different.
The interior was dark, the blinds hid the blinding Phoenix sun and a large bar lined the wall to the left of the door.  Candles were on the tables, and the earthy fire stove helped to illuminate the backdrop.  It was mid afternoon, so the cooks were doing prepwork for the evening, and there were a series of chickens being rotiserried over a wood fire.  The bartender, she was beautiful, although I never caught her name, came to me and asked what I wanted.
I had read prior sites on this place and saw it was listed as the best bloody mary in town.  Therefore I asked "I heard this place has the best bloody mary's in town?"
To which she replied, "Of course."  
I eagerly ordered one plus a water.  I'm a bloody mary lover, so I've learned each place has it's own flavor to it's bloody mary, and sometimes water helps.
The concoction was placed in front of me, and I ordered the pork shoulder.  Now one cannot complain about a hand made bloody mary, and this one was good.  It had the traditional celery and an addition of pickled asparagus.  The two mingled well with the spicy bloody, which was served with a shot of beer.  It was delicious, but when compared with Mort's back home, I was missing a beef jerky in it too.
Soon a large lump of pig flesh with beans and rice was placed infront of me.  Once again it was well spiced, with a plethora of delicious porky flavor to it.  I didn't need a knife to eat it as tender as it was.
I gnawed at the pork until I was thanksgiving full.  You know that fullness, the one where you don't have any more room in your gastric tract for anything else or you may burst. Knowing full well that the best course of action was to retreat and take a nap, I couldn't help but order a unique beer to the region.
They had one named "Leg Humper" and as that's one of my old gamer nicknames, I had to have it.  The mellow brew had a hint of yeasty sweetness to it.  Needless to say, the trip back was miserable.  I was on the verge of popping, and was carefully driving so as not to upset the delicate balance I had achieved in settling into my drivers' seat.
I kind of feel guilty about posting on this place, as it seems to enjoy it's clandestine anonymity, for goodness sake, they didn't even put a sign out for it.  However, something this good shouldn't be hidden.  Instead I'll post it and hope that I can find a seat next time I show up.  Oh yes, there will be a next time.  Things this good are hard to pass up!