Color this native New Mexican girl IMPRESSED!! 
My family (on both sides) has lived in NM for many generations. So I would like to think I know my NM food (I can cook it up and I was raised on it.) 
This place had been on my list for quite a while now. I am always in search of good NM cuisine, especially when I am not in the mood to cook it all up myself. 

I had stopped in one Sunday morning and was unwilling to wait for a seat. So I turned around. Vowing to try it again another day. 
Well folks Friday (2/11) was that day. Parking on the other side of the chinese restaurant, I walked towards the entrance hoping I could get in, as it was a Friday after 6pm. 
My timing was impeccable. There were 3 open seats at the bar, but I only needed one. The restaurant is dimly lit and the aroma of smoke from their grill lightly permeates the restaurant. Smelled faintly of my grandmothers kitchen, as she still uses a large wood cook stove to prepare most of her meals. 
Taking a seat at the bar, the stools wobbled and I feared my phat ass would end up on the floor so I tried not to move around too much as I begin my wait. Admittedly they were busy and the place is quaint and cozy (aka small). . A couple that walked in 10 min after me claimed the 2 seats next to me at the bar and waited with me for another 5+ minutes. WHAT?! The waiter/manager walked up and handed them menus...as he turned to leave and fetch them some water, I turned back politely and asked him for a menu and water also. (Feeling a bit invisible as I had been waiting for a bit and couldn't get anyone's attention.) The man sitting next to me passed me his menu as he knew what he was already going to order. 

Receiving my water and finally able to place an order for a beer, I continued to watch the guys at work in the kitchen as the flames and red coals from the wood fired grill lured me into a daydream that distracted me from making a decision on what to order. 
Luckily to took them awhile to take my order. I couldn't make up my mind they had a great menu and some wonderful looking specials on the chalkboard behind me. 

Finally, I decided on the Taos Combo they had on the specials board, which included 2 Schriners New Mexican sausages, 2 bacon wrapped grilled shrimp and 2 rolled blue corn green chile enchiladas stuffed with cheese and lightly smokey cubes of pork and rice and beans of course. 
Once ordered it came out relatively quickly. Very generous portions served on their famous metal platters. Everything was delicious and well seasoned (simple). The flavors imparted on the sausages and shrimp from the wood grill were delicious and the shrimp were perfectly tender. The blue corn tortillas were real blue corn, not white corn with blue dye like I experienced at another restaurant recently. 

So much food I took more than half home for leftovers later. 

So why 4 and not 5 stars....I was pretty much invisible to the staff for the first 15 minutes of my visit. They did get busier later but they are experienced at handling a crowd. I shouldn't have had to wait so long initially.