I literally made 3 u-turns on 16th st looking for Dick's. Hey, I'm in Phoenix. Why wouldn't I go looking for it? Found it! Park your car, brujá, and come get some (ehem) Dick's. There it was - hiding away like a timid little...there I go again! Okay, I'll stop. 

When you see it, you'll know it. It's that bold. Dick's has a shtick. The quirky signs on the door are your first impression that you're in for a potentially fun, casual Mexi-American-Southwestern dining and drinking experience that pokes (pause for laughs) fun at itself. Then you walk in and you realize that this place is the real deal. The hard wood (wink) bar runs from front to back with a decent amount of seating space to belly up for a drink or you have high tables to stool it for larger groups. There's also a dining room that I didn't venture into but seems to be somewhat roomy given the size of the place. 

Anyway, I digress. Upon walking in, you're immediately smacked in the face with the smell of Dick's. (Wait. What? Was that grammatically correct? Maybe, it's Dick's smell?) The fire burning grill is right behind the bar and gives the place an amazing charm, smell, and feel that only deliciously cooked food can offer, which brings me to the New Mexican Surf & Turf. Since you've already gotten a smack to the face, try a smack to the palate. Typically, the dish is made with a Beef Tenderloin but I asked for a NY Strip substitute and they complied. It was amazing and full of flavor from spicy to tangy to peppery to beefy and meaty. The char on Dick's steak was perfect and the smokiness of the shrimp was outrageous. The two together made a party in my mouth. 

There's also the added bonus of enchiladas smothered in red chile sauce or liquid fire, whichever term you prefer, and I believe the infamous green chile potato, which is chile flavored mash nestled inside of a large green chile. It was awesome but now I need a fire hydrant because my belly is on fire. In the end, I was happy after eating Dick's (jeez!).

To top it off, the drink menu is impressive, boasting a creative list that true mixologists would envy. My spicy Mexi-twisted Old Fashion complimented my S&T perfectly. Thanks to Dick's I can taste again! This place is a must try for any former resident / tourist, like me, looking for elevated Southwestern fare.