Oscar Mike Golf!  With a side of Whiskey, Tango, Foxtrot.  How is this so good.  How am I summoning the willpower to type as I am floating in a wonderful world where there is no such thing as war, disease, corrupt politicians.  Where there are no people who cut you off on the I-10 only to realize they don't need to and promptly go back to their lane, and then realize they wanted back into my lane after all, giving my brakes the workout of their lives, damn you random teenager.   I give my heartfelt thanks to whatever noble bovine prince gave up his life so that I might have such a wonderful, spectacular meal.  And also my thanks to Dick's Hideaway, for giving me this moment to revel in this dream world composed of nothing but delicious flavors and complete food coma.

True to its name, Dick's Hideaway has no signage proclaiming its location, quietly residing on the northwest corner of 16th St and Bethany Home Road.  Of course, it needs no signage either, with its legions of fans and great reviews.  Walking in today around 1pm, the bar was full, and there were only 3 tables in the main room, but our server let us use a table/booth in the adjoining room.  It was a little daunting having this room to ourselves, surrounded by hundreds of bottles of wine, but the comfortable booth we were in helped, with pillows bountiful in number and cushy, as well as the flat screen on ESPN.  Having been here numerous times but not for nearly a year, I called up a number of old favorites, getting the Pasta Heidi, Carne Adovada, and the Richardson's combination.

Pasta Heidi was a beautifully presented and tasting dish, with green chile linguine covered in an addicting chipotle cream sauce, topped with grilled chicken.  This hit all the right notes, in terms of texture re: the linguine, creaminess of the sauce, lingering spicyness of the chipotle, tenderness of the chicken.  The tortilla that lined the bowl underneath was given no mercy, as it had soaked up all the wonderfulness above it.  

Carne Adovada was the previously alluded to pinnacle of porcine expression.  Whereas the Pasta Heidi was wonderful with multiple levels of flavor woven together in harmony, this was more in your face with each aspect fighting to the forefront.  An initial smokiness greets you when tongue meets pork, followed by spiciness of the red chile sauce and savoriness of perfectly cooked, ridiculously tender pork, and returning once more to the smoky.  There has never been a war so happily fought as the one these flavors battled for supremacy over your taste buds.  You might be confused for a moment after that first bite, asking yourself did that really just happen?  I assure you, it did, and to take another bite.  Conversation died off at the table as we were quietly in awe of these dish.

Finally, the combination plate I ordered had asparagus, chicken enchiladas in green chile sauce, and a single portion of eggs benedict.  The asparagus was competently prepared as was the chicken enchiladas, but lacking the depth of flavors found in the other dishes.  The eggs benedict however was superlative in its own right, with a perfectly poached egg on top.  A gentle tap with my fork had that yolk spreading like golden bliss over beef tenderloin and english muffin, all crowned with a jalapeno-infused Hollandaise sauce.  

With these 3 entrees and coffee, iced tea, and sprite, it came out to be $57, so this restaurant could never be called cheap, but even with tip bringing it to $72, I would say that after leaving I feel we still got the better of this exchange.

Dick's Hideaway.  I bow to you in humble appreciation, and will return for more time and time again.