This place is hard for me to understand let alone review. So I decided to go in the middle with three stars. I'm only going to touch briefly on the food. It's not really the reason I wanted to review this.  Get ready for a rambling of mixed feelings.

Some friends took me here on a Wednesday night around 7 PM. They have been here before and had nothing but good things to say about it. If they hadn't driven I don't know if I would have been able to find it. There isn't a sign above the door. I later found out this is on purpose. We walked in and the first thing I noticed was the small space and dim lighting. My friend explained to me that if you see a table then you take it. Otherwise you have to sit at the bar or wait for a table to open up. There aren't a lot of them, and the last one was taken by the party they walked in before us. So we ended up sitting at the bar. I don't mind bar seating though. Some places I actually prefer it and this seems like it would be one of them.

The bartender was very polite and attentive. He answered all of our questions and even offered samples of beer we were asking about. We split some kind of queso dip with spinach and chorizo in it. I was enjoying it a lot until I got a bite of something super spicy and I had to stop for a few minutes. I'm not exaggerating, it was painfully spicy. And not even the good kind of spicy; burning pain kind of spicy. I ordered a burger for my entree. It was a spiced burger with bacon, barbecue sauce, avocado, and a huge hunk of cheese. It was such a thick slice of cheese that it didn't even melt all the way through. I picked off the unmelted chunks and took my first bite. I cringed as the taste of burnt food filled my mouth. After closer inspection I discovered it was the bacon. It tasted like the residue from all the other food that had been cooked in that spot on the cooktop. So burnt bacon and unmelted cheese aside, the actual burger was just ok. It was seasoned nicely and not to greasy, but there was nothing extraordinary about it. I honestly expected more after all the hype from my friends and the bartender. The fries were delicious and crispy, but not a lot of places can screw up fries. My friends got meat skewers and a pasta dish. I didn't try either dish but they looked and smelled good. So the food was fine. Here comes the rant. 

I am always looking for a place that offers great costumer service. When I go to a restaurant I'm paying for not just a meal, but the staff that's making me feel like a valued guest. This place is adorable and trendy. It feels kind of like you're walking into an exclusive club where only the cool people can eat. I love that part if it. However I don't love the sense of pretentiousness that this place has. I was told they have a policy where they can turn away anyone with a less than totally understanding attitude. In a way this is beneficial to help keep the assholes away, but at the same time it's a service industry. They must be doing well enough that they don't care if people leave and never want to come back. They also don't split checks, and don't split plates. I feel that these are easy enough accommodations that should be made for your paying guests. I just didn't feel like a valued customer here. It felt more like they were just waiting for me to leave so that they can fill my seat with a regular that is going to drink all night. 

I think this is the thing that bothered me the most. One of the most important experiences in a restaurant is the service. If people don't get good service they don't want to return. The food wasn't good enough to outweigh the pretentious aura. I don't think I'll be returning.