I'm really surprised at how all over the place the reviews are. Makes me feel lucky they were "on" during our dinner, because we had a really terrific meal all around. The waiter was friendly, patient, and helpful. One person at my table was having a hard time choosing between entrees so he brought out samples of the two sauces -- that's just one example. Suggesting without "up selling" is a talent and he had it. Runners were equally friendly and helpful, etc. The only exception was the hostess, a young girl who was so apathetic and unhelpful that I'm thinking she was doing her job at gunpoint. When we left I thanked her (forgetting momentarily what a bad first impression she'd given) and she didn't even look up from her Kindle, much less respond. Must have been an awesome book, maybe "How to Alienate Potential Customers."

Margaritas were on the light side, true, but tasty and it was 100 degrees on the patio so probably just as well they weren't loaded. One of my friends had a fresh cherry mojito that is literally the best mixed drink I've ever tasted. Ingredients so fresh I momentarily rethought my hatred of rum. 

Chips were fresh and the 3 salsas were wonderful but the Guacamole wasn't a star. I don't need or expect tableside fresh guac but there was way too much lime in it, which makes me think they keep it around a while. I tasted lime rather than avocado, bad news.

We were warned portions were huge (thanks again, mr. waiter) so we skipped apps and went straight to the entrees. I had the carnitas, which had amazing flavor and were served over black beans and some kind of mashed quinoa that were like light, buttery mashed potatoes. The combo was delicious and unique. The portion was indeed enormous and I only was able to get through half of it. Friends had the poblano enchiladas and the taquitos. The enchiladas were yummy, the closest I've had north of the border to a certain preparation I've had in Mexico City. The taquitos were a little bland but only by comparison. 

Sorry for the limited review, but we were stuffed after that! Prices were high-ish, but compared to other (lesser) Vegas chef joints it seemed reasonable. 3 of us left buzzed and very full for $150 including a generous tip. 

As I've mentioned in other reviews, I'm no world food expert, but I do know Mexico Mexican, so a note about "authentic" Mexican: Mexico is a huge country with many regions and styles of cooking. Your local place in Minnesota or San Diego may be run by Pueblans, Campechans, or Baja Californians, who have their own ideas of what Mexican food is, and no doubt they've changed the food to suit Yanqui palettes, or just because it's more difficult to find certain ingredients. (If I hear one more Californian tell me only THEY know what "real" Mexican is, I'm gonna nuke the San Andreas fault. The Californian Mexican I've tried is a very specific import from Baja and border states that isn't representative of much of the country's cuisine.) I go to Mexico City about 1-2 times a year and Border Grill is somewhat like upscale restaurants in that city, though maybe more varied (DF restaurants tend to be more regional while Border Grill is all over the place). Thus I found Border Grill more "authentic" than many places I've tried that are run by 1st-generation Mexicans. Just saying.