My girlfriend wanted to celebrate her 20th wedding anniversary with her girlfriends, since her husband was out of town (she didn't know he had a surprise party planned for the weekend).  She asked me for some recommendations and I sent her an e-mail with some options.  I was happy when she chose SumoMaya, because I have been wanting to try it since it opened.  She booked a table for us, and it was the day of the big monsoon.  Since my babysitter cancelled on me, I had to drive myself, so my hubby had to stay with the twins and couldn't be my designated driver.  We had a nice table at the edge of the patio area.  It was pretty covered.  The restaurant is beautiful.  I got there and most of my friends were already there.  They had their cocktails in hand so I wanted to order one.  It took a little to get service, finally I was able to order the Lemongrass cocktail.  One of our friends arrived shortly after and it took another 10 minutes for her to be able to order her drink.  Finally, we all had our drinks, some were almost done with theirs, and we were able to toast our friend on her awesome anniversary.  We wanted to order food, again our server was near, but not looking at us, so I got up and asked her name, so I could call her next time.  Whitney finally took our food order.  We got a shrimp ceviche, really spicy but delicious.  I ordered the Rollo Chingon, a fusion sushi roll with adobo marinated grilled shrimp, guacamole, cilantro, jalapeño and red lotus root chips with a balsamic strawberry glaze.  It was amazing, I could live on it.  We also had the vietnamese style "shaking beef", it was terrific.  The chinese style chile-crab garlic noodles were excellent also.  
The rain started again and the manager told us that if we started getting wet, we could move to a table behind us.  As the rain strengthen, we could feel the droplets falling on us.  We told Whitney we were getting wet and we wanted to move, she said "just scoot over".  I had to get up and call the manager and he indeed told her we could have that table.  It was after 9p.m.  It is not like anyone else was coming.  Once we sat on the new table we were ready for our dessert, everyone started to wonder where Whitney went, she was just by the bar, hanging out, so I got up again and asked the manager if we had a different server for the new table, since we had been there over 15 minutes and no one came.  He said Whitney was our server.  He sent her over and we placed our dessert order and some coffee requests.  
This place is great and I docked a star because of the service, my friends were so upset, that I didn't argue when they wanted to leave only 10% for service.  I will definitely go again, but I will make sure not to get Whitney as my server.