We were running late on a concert night at the Cosmo and it was a rare show where we actually cared about the opening act, so time was of the essence.   While doing a yelp search from the elevator we decided upon China Poblano as:

1) "Tacos sound kinda good right now"
2) "It's Jose Andres!   That dude's been on Bourdain and Top Chef so he's legit"
and
3) "It gets 3 stars on Yelp!  That means it's gotta be....   wait, 3 stars?!?"  

So we went anyway even though a straight up 3 is typically below my snooty Yelp threshold of place to visit.   I'm glad we did.    We started by looking at some signature cocktails presented to us that arent on the main menu.   I wanted the Aviation which has been one of my go-to drinks lately, and my lady friend wanted something I don't remember the name of, but it was something that didnt sound very "manly" like "the Snow Willow"   or "The Kitten's Purr"   It had cucumber as a main fixture and didn't sound appealing at all to me.    Naturally my friend ordered my drink for me and forced me to order the other one.   I tried both and all I'll say is, the Aviation was delicious! Quick wait service update:  After we put in the drink order, our waiter disappeared for what I felt was a long time.   We sat without drinks and without placing our order for I'd say a good 12 minutes.   We were definitely looking left and right for a trace of him as if we were trying to jaywalk across a busy intersection.   

So given that we had a bit of a break, I went to Yelp to try to find some recommendations.   I went with 4 tacos (they're small and I'm big).   and my dining companion went with Mongolian Beef Lettuce.    As long as we had to wait to get our drinks and orders in, the wait for the food was exceptionally as short.   It seemed like only 5 minutes had passed before a few of my tacos from my order arrived, and only a few minutes after that the Mongolian Beef Lettuce showed up.   

For my 2nd list of the review, here are all 4 tacos I ordered and ate

1)  Lengua (beef tongue) -  delicious as beef tongue usually is.   Melt in your mouth, well seasoned.  
2)  Viva China (beef tendon/oysters) - disappointed in this one as the reviews seemed highly favorable.   I must admit I'm not a HUGE oyster fan, but to me the flavors of the oysters and the tendon just didn't co-mingle well.   
3) Carnitas - my favorite.   the pork was tender and delicious and I loved the contrast the crunch and flavor of the pork rinds provided.
4) I cant find the 4th one I ordered on the menu.   Either that or I had too much of that cucumber drink and lost my mind accordingly.   It was some sort of beef short rib with some sort of chile I thought.   It was tasty and the chile brought a lot of smoky flavor to it.   It didn't really offer up anything unique enough for me to want to order it again though

Overall I was very happy with my meal of tacos as a whole.   The tortillas are made to order and taste fantastic.   We actually ordered some on the side to go with the Mongolian Beef Lettuce.  As for that dish I thought I was a bit underwhelming.   The beef was flavorful and it tastes exactly how its described in the menu with the ginger/soy/vinegar components, but there just wasn't any extra oomph to justify spending nearly $20 on it.   The tacos, albeit small, are well worth the $5.50 a piece they generally command.   I like the idea that you could just come in here, grab a drink and a few tacos and be in and out in a reasonable time (if your waiter doesnt take an extended break like ours seemed to) for about $20, or go all out and share a bunch of dishes for an extravagant (and expensive) meal.   Not many places, especially at the Cosmo, give you that option.