Finally got around to trying the Arizona staple known as Los Dos Molinos. Yes, it is not traditional Mexican food, its actually New Mexican style. However, if you live in AZ, eating at Los Dos is a must! 
Went with my husband to this location on our first visit. Normally, this is not the type of place that I would eat at. This particular location appears to be in an old car windshield repair building. However, the inside is clean and cozy. My only complaint really is that the some of the tables (such as the one we sat at) are really large and if you are sitting across from people, it feels like they are miles away! The second time visiting Los Dos was at their new Ahwatukee location. I enjoyed this location very much. We went on a weeknight and there was live music. Not only that but the location is new and really nice inside. 
Now on to the food. I think it says something about the food when I say we went there a second time. The first time we went, I had the tamale and taco combo. Although spicy, the food was absolutely delicious. Yes its hot but its not super hot to where you can't taste the flavors. Both the salsa's were hot although I think the green is a little milder because there is more lime in it to tame it down. The sauce on the green corn tamale I had was very spicy but tasty. The tamale itself was good although I prefer mine a bit on the sweeter side. It really is preference though. Some people don't like sweet green corn tamales and if that is the case, the one at Los Dog is probably perfect for ya. The taco was delicious and not super spicy although you can tell that there is some spice in the meat. The husband has had the chimichanga with the adovada twice now and has really enjoyed it although he said that he was crying the first time he ate it due to the spice. The beans and rice are decent although they are really just there for the "cool down" period. The beans are whole pintos and although they taste good, I prefer refried. I especially would have preferred refried on my second visit when I ordered the tostada )it comes with the whole pintos). But to each his own, it really depends on preference. 
I think Los Dos is a very good place with terrific New Mexican food. However, if you are not into spicy foods, its probably best for you to steer clear. They manage to put spice in everything it seems...

A tip: The Ahwatukee location has a special I believe on Wednesday that is a bucket of beers for 10.00. It actually seems like a good deal.