Wife and I loved it! We started our Vegas wander killing time between shows that night and on our way through the Luxor and into Mandalay we stumble upon Hussongs Cantina right next to Burger Bar. We popped in for a quick drink at the bar. I have to say that we met one of the best bartenders we experienced in quite some time. Our drinks were simple but on point, a Stella and an Long Island. Our bartender invited us back later to show off a fun drink...we told him we would return.

After a quick round or two we were off to the next show. Immediately following the show we were right back at Hussongs to take our 'tender up on his drink idea. It was a concoction containing Captain Morgan's, Blue curacao, Malibu, Midori, Pineapple Juice and Sour Mix called..."Liquid Marijuana". We had never heard of it before but I know understand it's catching on. All I have to say is WOW, I want one right now that it crossed my mind. An instant hit! (no pun intended). Sip, sip, pass!!

We ordered a small plate of nachos to help float the alcohol down the right path and to curb any late night "munchies". The next morning or should I say morning to me, afternoon to you, we hit Hussongs again for some more grub. This time the 3 taco plate. 3 corn tortillas piled high with shredded chicken, chopped & cilantro and topped with a generous portion of guacamole...Yum to the 3rd power!

Lunchtime's drinks were not as great as the night before but I will blame the 'tenders for that I guess. The wife I believe went easy that day on the drink but I tip-toed towards something new..The Hussong's Red Eye. It's a mix of Tetcate Beer, homemade Bloody Mary mix served with a shot of Resposado Tequila on the side & garnished with Jerky & Celery. I know, wow and full meal in a glass right?? Well not really. The drink was so so and the waiter had to tell me (After I asked) that they were out of Jerky and Celery!? WTF! Oh Well...I was half hung over and wasn't gonna cry about it, but that part sucked..it sounded so good on paper.

Price was very reasonable I felt and wait staff was sometimes slow be super friendly. Night time bartenders rock and should retrain the day-trippers. Overall we obviously loved it if we made it back there multiple times in a 4 day stretch. Can't wait to hit them up again on our next trip to Sin City.