This location is extremely 'group friendly.'  I just made up that term, but it's true... I've been to this Z a handful of times with large groups and I've never been disappointed.  Maybe it's because it's a central location and they've got a private lot for parking... or perhaps it's because of those chambord margaritas? or is it the chips and salsa? or the cornbread?  Whatever the reason, I'm giving this Z a 4 star review because of previous good meals and for the excellent service we had tonight.

I called in the afternoon and had no problem getting a reservation.  Julie who answered the phone was really sweet (always a good sign), and Matt, our server, was extremely personable and attentive.  We had a group of 8 - including a few picky eaters.  We started with chips (which are house-made) and salsa, guacamole, and grilled shrimp & guacamole tostada bites... On top of that, the GM brought us over the beef tostadas and shrimp & pork dumplings - this was a very sweet gesture and much appreciated - we finished every last bite of both!  The dumplings were cooked to a golden brown and really tasty.  The beef tostadas were yummy also; I think these are both new menu items that are being tested - hopefully they will stay since they were both pretty impressive!

After sampling all of that, I still somehow managed to eat my dinner salad with a light lime vinagrette dressing; it was good but nothing special.  (Nothing like their Achiote Chicken Chopped Salad which is my favorite menu item to order when I go to Z for lunch)... And then my 'Grilled Miso Salmon' entree - actually, not as good as I remembered, but tasty nonetheless... other entrees at our table included the halibut special, blackened tuna, porcupine shrimp, seafood enchiladas, and a couple of entree salads.  Everyone was happy and left full - and for just over $30 a head including tip... not bad!

I'll be back to visit this Z again soon for sure... it's a safe bet no matter your reasons, and it's great for groups!  Word of caution: be careful with the chambord margaritas - they dangerously good!