"Street food" is my favorite kind of Mexican food. There's nothing more awesome than the cheap, simple, bite-sized tacos you buy at a roadside stand in Mexico or Tucson (an extension of Mexico). Phoenix has its share of roadside stands...but they ain't no Tucson or Mexico. Awesome dirty hole-in-the-wall places where employees don't speak English? Phoenix has tons, and they are great.

Tortas Paquime is a chain of five or so small restaurants focusing mainly on the torta. I didn't realize it growing up, but Mexicans know how to make an awesome sandwich. Honestly, the only sandwiches I get really excited about in any global cuisine is the torta. "Street Food of Mexico" is a new concept from Tortas Paquime - a clean, fast/casual restaurant that sells street tacos, tortas, aguas, and other offerings typically found at out of the way restaurants in low-rent buildings.

The food is really pretty good. I had the hot dog, which is not as good as the Sonoran hot dogs found in Tucson, but respectable in its own way, and the Rib Eye tacos. The tacos were simple enough that they can almost be considered real, bonified street tacos, with the meat being the main ingredient, and some avocado thrown in just to make it more awesome. Actually, they kind of straddle the line between street tacos and fancy tacos.

The cucumber agua is superb. They also had horchata and jamaica, and while I love me some horchata and jamaica, it's hard to pass up on cucumber agua. I never see that!

Paquime does sacrifice a little bit of authenticity so as to make white people feel a little more comfortable. There's not necessarily anything wrong with that - the spirit of Mexican street food is still alive in this food, even if it is served amid the bland, yuppie decor typically associated with worthless faux-Mexican schlock like Chipotle and Cafe Rio.

This is a quality addition to the Sunnyslope area. There are definitely better, more authentic Mexican places in the area, but this is not a bad concept at all, and it's executed pretty well.