Part II ; Cosmo Food Crawl

CHINA POBLANO

Working ourselves from light to medium on heaviness, we ventured to what is another Jose Andres restaurant, China Poblano- a Chinese Mexican (not fused) cuisine that confuses and delights at the same time.  It's definitely a split personality (akin to that psycho you may have dated at one point....)
but if you go for the ride, you may be pleasantly surprised.  I tend to favor more of the Chinese cuisine, and their appetizer/dim sum selections is quite addictive and a perfect fit to our second leg of the Food Crawl...
         
The interior decor is an attack on the senses, an onslaught of hyperbolic technicolor thrown together miss mosh, like graphics on an side street in Tokyo...chaotic.  And with two unseeingly mismatched cuisines housed under one roof, so is the the decor; the room is bifurcated down the middle, Mexican on one side, Chinese on the other (a modern West Side Story? Jets and Shark Fins?)

As for drinks, we started with a Cantelope Agua Fresca; this beverage is naturally sweet and just the right amount of nectar and water, no sugar comas or bouncing off of walls like the Tasmanian Devil on a pogo stick.

An alter.....to what? it's so friction strange, I dunno, do you sit here, or pray....? but the food's good, so I let this one pass...

As I'm partial to the Chinese Dim Sum offerings at CP, the Har Gau: Shrimp, Pork Belly and Shitake Mushrooms wrapped in a translucent skin and steamed, creating the perfect little bite.  Devouring every piece, I love to add Soy and Chili Sauce to punch it up till it's over the top with flavor.

This dish my favorite: Lamb Potstickers 'Stuck on You': six dumplings connected together with a crispy lace-from a visual standpoint, it's so delicate and fragile as you break off a piece, but it's another story when you put it in your mouth.  The dumplings are fried pouches full of unctuous lamb meat, full of juice and fat it bursts in your mouth, the cumin is just a powerhouse of spice, making it a hearty dish.