I would give a 3-1/2 stars for food and price but because of the decor I gave 4 stars. Had the tacos de pescados. The mahi mahi was grilled well, not rubbery but just a tad dry. Tried the fish by itself and it was good but once you add the sides, lemon, and sauce then the taco was really good! The rice was decent and the beans were ok. They melted the cheese on the beans I believe with a torch, like you would with the sugar on creme brûlée. The chips were of medium thickness, not greasy, and the salsa was pretty good. One of the waiters offered us a free refill on chips and salsa which was a plus. I've read comments where a bowl of fruit is also complimentary but we didn't get any. Might have been a special or grand opening thing. Lastly, they added a nice little touch to the tacos. They pinned the tacos closed with a strip of bamboo (I believe) shaped into a sword (tied a knot at one end) and used radishes as stoppers. Check out the pic!

As for the decor, gorgeous! Just look at the pictures other people have uploaded. There is a nice little outdoor waiting area that is very charming. Slightly hidden and intimate. I looked at the colorful patterned tiles that were everywhere and from I can tell they are all hand painted or else stamped but none were completely identical. We were a table away from the fountain and didn't smell "mold" like what one person said in review. We walked by it and I took a whiff and didn't smell a thing. We did however get one of the two tables that is right next to the kitchen entrance. It was busy and kind of distracting but luckily no accidents this evening. The "uniforms" of the hostess' were a nice touch, subtle Mexican styled dresses. 

I would definitely come back but not as often due to the prices. This would be a great place to take friends and family for dinner due to the "WOW" factor of the decor. By far the coolest looking Mexican cuisine restaurants I've been to. Looking forward to trying the flan next time, it looks similar to how my mom makes them.