This place is HOT on Yelp for a reason. We couldn't wait any longer and had to go try it after reading so many awesome reviews this past month; and now we must personally thank every person who recommended this place to us:

Thank you my fellow Yelpers... if it weren't for you there is zero chance we ever would have stopped at this unassuming storefront in a pretty rough area of Central Phoenix. 

This place has a very 'hole in the wall' sort of vibe... when we first pulled up we kind of had an "Oh... this is it!" sort of reaction. We got scared at first because there was a big 'public notice' sign on the front window; we thought it might have been shut down, but luckily it was just a 'liquor license pending' sign. Whew, that was close. It's a pretty small and cozy place inside. The walls are decorated with some really interesting and fun to look at Mexican paintings and the whole inside just feels authentic; like you just walked into a taco shop in a nice quaint Mexican village. The lady behind the counter and the cook that night were very welcoming and fun to talk to. Upon pondering one of the paintings on the wall she even explained to us the meaning behind it. 

First things first... the chips and salsa were flippin great! Thin and crispy with a slightly salted flavor; but even better than the chips are the salsas. I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that La Condessa has got the best salsa in town; and the biggest variety too. Out off all the salsa's we tried a few standouts were the peanut, cilantro, and avocado variations. 

For our main dish we got one of each taco on the menu... in the spirit of brevity I won't get into each specific taco; but I will say that we loved every single one of them. They each had very unique flavors with a sense of freshness to them, and pretty much zero grease. Each taco was also brim full with meat... they don't skimp on the product here; they give you your money's worth! Next time it might even be tempting to separate the two corn tortillas the tacos come in, and just divvy up the meat to make two tacos out of one! 

Last thing that must must must be mentioned is the Horchata. Generally this mysterious white drink is very hit and miss, well here it's a big time hit. It's unique and has all sorts of fresh fruits and spices floating in it... it tasted like some Super-Horchata or something; it was just absolutely to die for and is easily the best I've had. I highly recommend giving it a shot even if you usually don't like the stuff. 

La Condessa gets a 4.5/5... rounded down to a 4 for now, just because we want to go back and try the rest of their menu; which at that time if it's anywhere near as good as our first visit this'll be bumped up to a solid 5 stars. Hooray for another great Mexican place in AZ!