THIS IS A GEM OF A FIND ON THE STRIP!

Once you are all buffet'd out and are looking to save money without sacrificing quality, then this is your spot! It's perfect walking distance from the Riviera and the Wynn. These guys are open late into the early hours especially on fridays and saturdays. 

They have some booths inside but most of the seating is located outside in two decent sized tents which you cant miss if you're driving by on the street. On cold nights they have those gas powered heating elements for those of you that think Vegas doesnt get that cold.

The parking is decent and on some nights you have street racers meeting up here just to hang out. Im suprised this location doesnt have an armed security guard like the Charleston location.

As for the food, the three most popular items that I usually get here are the El Pastor tacos, Carne Asada tacos, and the Adobado Fries. The tacos are 2 bucks a pop and the Adobado Fries are 5 bucks for the half order and 10 bucks for a large order (the half order is virtually a meal in itself!). You have the option of having everything on your tacos and fries at no extra charge. These are the guacomole sauce, onions, and cilantro for your tacos. For the fries you can get sour cream, guacomole, and extra cheese. You can even ask for grilled green onions and jalapenos on the side. Also you can have them put grilled pineapple bits as well, BUT YOU HAVE TO SPECIFICALLY ASK FOR THESE so if you dont than they will not give it to you. That's why I love these guys, no extra charge for all those mentioned above.

I also like this place better simply because of the fact that they have TWO service stations meaning they have twice the amount of food servers and cashiers (yes they take cards and there is no minimum) which equals faster service although on really busy nights you cant tell. Plus, it seems that they speak better english here than the other location. http://www.yelp.com/biz/tacos-el-gordo-las-vegas

If you are up for it, there is another place that serves an even better El Pastor. They are a couple miles away on Charleston just down the street from the other Tacos El Gordo. They are called Taqueria El Pastorcito. When you go East on Charleston, look for the trailer with the bright lights on the left side of the street just right before Los Tacos on the right side.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/taqueria-el-pastorcito-las-vegas#query:Tacos%20El%20Pastorcito