MARIACHI BAND!! 

Twas my first time hearing a real mariachi band live which was exciting!! Monday night & it felt like it was a weekend party Fiesta ahahhaahah.... came here with an infant which was probably not a good idea because it scared the crap out of the little one... they are quite loud so Mommys maybe bring some ear muffs for them or something. 

The interior had high ceilings & everything seemed very spacious lyrics spread out for seating with booths towards the entrance & hightops on the sides with tables in the center.
There are different stations to order your food from which reminds me of cafeteria style. Clean & neat salsa condiment bar in the center of the room.

All the employees were very helpful.... especially when we looked like lost 9th graders that enter a high school cafeteria for the first time! 
Each station is labeled with different kinds of items such as mulas & tacos... burritos & seafood.... gran tacos & sides
The service here is fast & everything is made before your eyes then you slide to the next station or the register if you are done receiving your food.

MULAS - pretty much a taco sandwich made from flour tortilla instead of corn. I like it with the extra cheesyness  & the softness of the flour tortilla.

CARNE ASADA TACO - this is a small taco like two bites & done 

QUESO FRESCO GRAN TACO - vegetarian selection, but the Gran Taco is the typical taco size with the cheese melted between the 2 tortillas 

CORN ON A STICK - that mexican street corn lathered in the butter & drenched with cheese... they are definately not shy with the cheese which I believe is the best part of mexican food!

CHIPS & GUACAMOLE - love the chips since they are made there & the guacamole full of flavor

JIMAICA DRINK - this is HONESTLY the best JIMAICA juice that comes closest to the ones that my BOH kitchen coworkers used to make it when they brought the dried plant back from mexico! Dark colored and BLAST of flavor!

The salsa bar is one major thing that will probably keep me coming back over & over ahahaha