Happy Birthday, Tita Shirley B!!  

For now on when I think of Juan's Flaming Fajitas, I going to think about Shirley B's Birthday celebration. It was Shirley's pick to come here.  And when people asked her why Juan's for her birthday, her response was "because it's MY birthday".  I agree with your choice, Tita.  Juan's was a great dinner.  

One thing I love about fajitas in general is that you can chose to make it a high calorie meal or a low calorie meal.  It really all depends how many fajitas you plan on demolishing and what you put in it.  But Juan's is more than just their infamous flaming fajitas, right?  Sure it is.  At Juan's there's a huge selection of Mexican dishes and by the looks at everyone's orders around the restaurant, the dishes are definitely hooked up.  Review their menu...you got burrito options, taco concoctions, salads, nachos, ensaladas, soups, chimichangas, and of course, fajitas.  But before I even talk about their main dishes, I have to mention their bottomless tortilla chips.  My goodness, it should be a crime that these are bottomless.  The chips didn't even have a chance.  After multiple chip refills (i.e. 9 basket of chips), I came to the conclusion that their tortilla chips are addicting.  I swear, they should rename this place to Juan's Flaming Fajitas and Tortilla Chips.  Just saying. 

Everyone on our table, with the exception of Chad S and Mr B (aka Shirley's husband), got the fajitas.  I didn't try Chad's Carne Asada Burrito, but was able to sample some of Mr. B's Steak Taquitos.  The taquitos are bigger than most. It's was more like a mini-chimichanga if you ask me.  Terri and I shared the steak & chicken fajita combo (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=l3lS7rPzGYQukY10aqTMSQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ).  This is huge, feeds two, and was served flaming.  Yup...this was one good dish.  Both the steaks and chicken were seasoned, properly cooked, tender, and fresh.  Hard for me to describe, but their fajitas is pretty much as good as it gets.  

As for their service, I thought that it was pretty good considering how busy the place was.  The restaurant is decently sized with the bar on one side and the main dining area in another.  Both had one thing in common...tons of TV's from every angle.  Yeah buddy!!  Not missing sports at this restaurant.  Our server was Juan.  No joke.  We had Juan, not THE Juan, you know the one.  He was great and treated us like we were his only customers.  It's like Juan on One.  Hah!  All joking aside, Juan was great.  By the way, there's 3 other Juan's working here too.  I bet you can't find that anywhere.  I wonder if I go to Mel's Diner would I find 3 other Mel's.  I bet not.  

Juan's allowed us to take our own desert, which consisted of Hello Kitty cupcakes and an Niner/Hello Kitty Birthday Cake.  All for Shirley B.  Juan and the staff at Juan's brought the deserts to our table while singing Happy Happy Birthday to Shirley B.  

Overall...fajitas and a lot of sugar with friends equals a great time.  Happy Birthday, Shirley B!  Go Niners!!!

PS:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=nf8fxHNYMolClFYLYU3yQg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ