Food: 
I've tried: chicken tacos, pork tacos, carne asada tacos, chicken burrito, guacamole, chips, & green salsa.

Los Taquitos has the best tacos I've ever had; their chicken tacos are my favorite.  I've lived in the Phoenix area for 21 years and eaten at many a Mexican restaurant.  Los Taquitos uses chopped chicken rather than shredded chicken in their taco & burrito (which is A+ in my book).  Many restaurants confuse heat with flavor, but not Los Taquitos!  The seasoning on their meat is so delicious, I can't describe it appropriately.  The tacos have your choice of meat cooked with the most excellent combination of herbs & spices; plus, fresh cilantro leaves, and diced red onion.  They are served in two small (street taco size) corn tortillas.  When I eat the average taco, I like cabbage or lettuce, cheese, sour cream & salsa.  But not at Los Taquitos!  Their tacos are so simple yet so flavorful.

I've been thinking about how good it was for the last week, and wondering how it would do if I used their food for a party?  The only downfall is I live about 30 min away and I'm not sure how it would be if not eaten right away.

I thought the guac had too many onions.  The chips were over cooked and bland (you couldn't taste the corn flavor which is so delicious in fresh tortilla chips).  I liked the chicken burrito, I probably wont have it again just because I don't really enjoy beans, I can take them or leave them.  I did like how the burrito did not have rice in it.

Price:
Very affordable.  I did notice that online they have prices listed and the Phoenix location is more expensive and has a little different menu options.  

Ambiance: 
I've never been to the location.  My office brought food in for us on two different occasions.

(I must qualify my opinion of the tacos by saying that I do not care for shredded chicken.  Typically it has no flavor of it's own and has a slimy texture.   I prefer shredded chicken over shredded beef, so I usually end up with shredded chicken dishes at the average Mexican restaurant)