A 4.5-star Yelp rating steered me to this place after I'd attended a NASCAR race outside town. I was visiting a friend in Las Vegas, and I must say I was spending time in my state's large-and-incredibly-different-from-everywhere-else-in-Nevada outlier as much for the great food as for the race or anything else.

When my girlfriend, friend and I walked into this place, I initially thought I'd made a mistake. The seating area isn't large, and one orders from a not-huge menu that's posted above the cash register. A very pretty woman who appeared to be the co-proprietor flashed me a smile from the kitchen, which cooled my sudden desire to instead check out the hot dog restaurant next door.

I'm sure glad it did. I quickly realized that I'd never tried about half the food on the Las Cazuelas menu, including the esquites -- which this place defines as "steamed corn kernels prepared with a touch of lime, mayonnaise, cotija cheese and chili powder." The chili powder comes on the side, so you can control the spice level. It was a treat to try something so unexpected and great. I've been to hundreds of Mexican restaurants in big cities, and I've never had esquites. Elote apparently is a cousin dish, only the corn is still on the cob. It's also served here.

I also got a couple of types of the pork tacos, which are nice and small, and sampled my dining partners' quesadillas. The meat in all the dishes tasted fresh, and the salsa had enough kick that I had to blow my nose more than five times -- which is the measure of a quality place for me. The salsa served with the quesadillas is different from the salsa served with chips at the beginning of the meal. It's spicier.

My only complaint about the meal was that I ordered water and was given a small styrofoam cup. I generally need lots of water when I'm eating spicy foods because although my brain loves the spice, my Northern European body doesn't. I had to get up to refill on water far too many times. It's worth noting that I'd just spent four hours in the sun, so I was parched coming in. 

This place doesn't sell alcohol. There's really no reason it should, given that the entire dining experience lasts 20 minutes or so, but it's worth noting for those who might want a cerveza with their meal. The lack of frills at this place ends up being one of its greatest virtues, as the prices are good, as is the treatment by the proprietors. I won't be back because I live far away, but if this place were in Carson City, I'd be there multiple times a week.