Brought to you by the owners of the growing restaurant empire that includes Delux, Delux 2Go, and Zen 32 is their newest baby Revo Burrito.  Located in the same strip mall as the rest of these eateries, is this brightly-lit, colorful Mexican joint.  First off, I commend the owner for being able to make these strip-mall restaurants so pleasant .... I actually enjoy the atmosphere of all of them, and Revo is the same.  The upbeat vibe and warm decor actually made me forget the loads of work I still had to do - plus all of the staff was so friendly! 
You order your food from a counter and the staff brings it to you - kind of like a Pei Wei set up. I ordered the chicken machaca taco combo, and my boyfriend ordered the Beef tacos.  The chicken was shredded and had been marinated, and it was soo yummy! I had one crispy and one soft, but I definitely wish I would've gotten two crispy - the crispy are better in my opinion.  The tacos were served with black beans and rice.  Both of these were good, but the rice was especially good because it had corn mixed in, and some sort of cream -- mmmm. Nick liked his tacos, but his favorite part of the meal was the lemonade.  They had about five different flavors of homemade lemonade - we tried the strawberry, mango, and raspberry - both of us thought strawberry was the best! Nick said he'd be coming back just for the lemonade! 
So, overall, we really liked this place, but I will probably not be coming here as often as I'd like to because despite the Pei-Wei style set-up, there are no Pei Wei prices here! $24 bucks for my taco combo, nicks two a la carte tacos, and two lemonades (on and they charged 1.50 for a side of sour cream) .... I suppose the fact that everything was organic made up for this, but I'm happy with going down the street to America's tacos and spending a quarter of that when I need my burrito/taco fix.  Hope this place does well, though, because it's a welcome addition to one of my favorite strip malls! 
P.S. They are only open for dinner right now! Said they are waiting a few weeks to open for lunch because they expect to be busy!