Here in Phoenix I think that we are pretty lucky to have such diversity in each neighborhood. Particularly South Phoenix where you can find great Soul Food at Lolo's Chicken and Waffles, Pizza at Amano, and of course various different types and regions of Mexican food. When I say Mexican food I'm really referring to the sort of hole in the wall, real deal family owned operations that are all over the south side of Phoenix. So many of them dot each street corner and call like the Sirens of the night. Marisco's Playa Hermosa is exactly what I mean by this.

"We bring the sea to the desert" is their slogan and it's so true. Stepping inside you'll feel like you were just transported to Mazatlán, Mexico, the only things missing here is the ocean. The place is just splashed with bright colors with hand carved tables and birds with a welcoming and friendly staff. With so much to take in it's hard to focus on any one thing, though with so many bird carvings hanging from the ceiling I almost felt like I was in the Tiki Room at Disneyland, less the chatter of the birds of course. 

Chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant can be a very good benchmark to judge the rest of your meal, Marisco's would have to be at the top of these tests. Their chips are slightly thick, warm and a little on the oily side, this way the salt can adhere well to them. Accompanying are 2 different salsa, red and green. The red has a certain sweet and hot bitterness that is tasty and even better when washed down with a cold beer. The green is made of creamy avocado and with a warm chip is absolutely delicious. Neither were very hot but that's the thing with real deal Mexican food, its not always hot and spicy. So you'll have no reason to expect the "burning ring of fire" the next day! 

With so many different and tasty sounding items to choose from, deciding was pretty tough as I really enjoy some good seafood. So imagine this, 8 large perfectly cooked shrimp, swimming in a creamy tomatillo and cilantro sauce, then topped with a sprinkling of cheese. If this sounds like something you would enjoy then go ahead and order the Camarones Culichi ($13.99). You will also get a basket of hot fresh corn or flour tortillas for dunking as well as rice, beans and a fresh lettuce salad dressed with lime juice. The beans have a nice texture with good flavor but the rice is nice! Well steamed and seasoned, the rice has a bright white color which might look bland, but after one bite you'll be wrapping it up in a hot tortilla and dunking it into the beans. 

The Mojarra Frita ($15), a fried whole fried fish, sounds and looks good, but decided to be more like a daddy's little girl and order something less involved. Crab Enchilada's ($13) are not only the house specialty but are good to the last bite. 3 corn tortillas over stuffed with sweet crab meat, rolled together with cheese and covered in a slightly spicy red sauce. Again with the rice, beans and salad this is a pretty large plate and for the money, a great value. The enchiladas were actually featured in Gourmet Magazine at one time, who knew?

On the back of the menu you'll find a section called Camida Mexicana which are plates of regular Mexican fare such as burritos, taco's and fajitas. Not trying the Carne Asada Taco's ($6.99) would be a real shame since the meat is so tender and the flavor so beefy. A plate full of 3 tacos, double tortilla, chopped beef and onions, with rice and beans is both satisfying and ample. Douse the tacos with some of the guacamole salsa and you'll have a party on your plate! The Quesadilla ($7.99) is just cheese and a tortilla, while good it was quite ordinary. However the smell from the Fajitas De Pollo ($10.99) was amazing! I'll have those to myself next time!

For dessert you can stick with maybe a Mexican Coke ($2) made with real sugar or a large glass of over ice Horchata ($2.50). Though for something more, the Flan ($4) was different than what you normally get. More cake like and dense than silky smooth, it was decent enough and a nice finish to so many savory dishes. Otherwise there aren't any other desserts offers, like you'll have room after such good sized portions anyway. 

Marisco's Playa Hermosa is a real gem and has the menu, friendliness and comfortable vibe to back it up. While the neighborhood feels a bit on the seedy side, as they say, nothing ventured, nothing gained?