Quick look: the hot / new "upscale" Mexican restaurant on the strip that is a scene as much as a great place to eat. Constantly busy during the dinner hours. reservations are suggested. Come prepared to eat and expect a loud, festive, environment!

In depth: Have eaten here twice and both times have been quality. Made a reservation last Wednesday night on the phone for the two of us. Arrive on time and the hostess cannot find a reservation under my name. Apparently the gent that answered the phone never put my reservation in the system. Rather than make us wait they did the right thing and got us sat immediately. 

The service was prompt and they were on top of it. Seriously brought their A-Game and they worked well as a team. One would drop, one would clear, one would check on us etc. Was good to see a team properly trained. Or waiter was very professional and made two great suggestions for us. My lady ordered the Carnitas and I ordered a seafood mix that included crab. We also ordered some guacamole as an appetizer. 

The guacamole was solid. This is a creamy guacamole and they definitely use sour cream in the mix. Could taste it. Was not prepared table side like other high-end restaurants do. Might have been too busy to consider doing that? Was quality though. Kudos. 

The entrees were delivered with perfect timing. the first thing you will say is "Wow!" The proportions are massive and the presentation is over the top. They are served on very large plates and quite colorful. Really no complaints on the carnitas. They were amazing and cooked perfectly. My seafood dish was delicious and very filling! 

Was no room for desert. I was in a food coma and struggled to regain my composure as we had to go meet some friends for drinks and table service at a nightclub at the Wynn. My advice, eat here if you know you will have a chance to rest afterwards. Mexican food is heavy and will weigh you down. 

I would have given them 5 stars if not for the reservation hick-up. Love the room and the decor. Has great action at the bar. This is a quality high-end Mexican restaurant and I look forward to going back soon!!