I just realized I have never written a review for Hacienda's.  In five months, we have been there four times, so that should say something, when you have a plethora of restaurants to choose from in Northern Phoenix.

Ambiance---very nice.  Think up-scale casual with a hint of Mexico in the artwork.  Not cheesy Mexican---very tasteful.

Service---our first time server was a very nice lady.  Subsequent times we always make sure we sit in an area serviced by this great guy whose name---I think---is Joe or Jose.  He always tell us to call him the "Mean Mexican".  He's not mean at all.  He's a charmer and makes us laugh thru the whole meal.  His personality and great service is one of the reasons we always return.

Food: We love their salsa and chips.  The chips are housemade---amongst them these spinach ones that have this fabulous, puffy texture---I could eat them by the boat-load!  If we have the "kids" with us---two 19 year olds---they always order the chicken quesadillas because they love them.  The last three visits, DH has gotten the chicken flautas or the chicken chimichangas.  He can't decide which he likes best.  Probably in a perfect world, he could get both on the same plate.  I am more adventurous.  My first visit, I got the Conchinita Pibil, which is described a traditional Mayan dish of marinated, slow-cooked pork.  I didn't care for it much.  No quality issue here---I am evidently just not a traditional Mayan eater.  Second visit--chile relleno: pretty dang good---and if you have read previous reviews by me, you'll know I am VERY picky about my chile rellenos.  Third visit: carnitas burrito.  Very tasty.  Fourth visit: Pollo con Mole: a bit intense for my tastebuds, but was quite good leavened with the accompanying white rice mixed with carrots and peas.

For my next visit, I am targeting the Green Chile Enchiladas.

Food is always very good, high quality, and the service is great.  We love Mexican food and have been so surprised to find how hard it is to find really good Mexican in our area.  Hacienda Grill has become our go-to place when we need that flavor and we need it now in a fun, relaxed atmosphere.  And it's like 5 minutes from our house.  Perfect!