After having been to Mundo twice, once for dinner before a play at The Smith Center, and once for a business lunch I've come to the conclusion that this restaurant is exceptionally good my business lunches because it is so close to my work and it is exceptionally good for a dinner prior to a theater performance because it is so close to The Smith Center. Obviously proximity, driving distance, and location are plus, plus, plus for me!

Service has been spotty both times I've been here. Waiters are quick at first, but then service drops off after the meal has been served. Particularly at my business lunch we waited so long for the check that we had to send our client on his way before it arrived so he could get back to work. My manager and I waited around for another 10 minutes or so before we were able to flag down a busser to deliver the check.

Ambiance is great - dark, dimly lit, and the seating is phenomenal. The overall feel of the restaurant is moody and interesting to see.

Food is wavering between a 3 and 4 star rating. Chips (with a dusting of chile) and salsa are provided. Twice I've tried the guac, but I have not been super impressed either times. For lunch I had brisket enchiladas, which may sound amazing - but were sorely disappointing. This was not brisket. Brisket is tenderly cooked meat, juicy and deliciously cared for over a long period of time so it will exude a brilliant BBQ flavor to the person eating it. The "brisket" in my enchiladas was just meat - nothing more.

Food during my dinner experience was better. I had the ahi tuna tostada - delish little dish on the app menu. Vibrant on the plate - the fish was fresh, that is for sure. I was surprised to find it to have a very lemony, yet, fresh taste with the added herbs and red chile vinaigrette. I also had the chicken tortilla soup, while a little over-salted, was not bad. Considering it came out in a cup, there was still plenty of chicken to be had. This chicken was good, tender, with little to no grizzly bits or yucky fat chunks (I hate that in soups especially). 

Our table also shared the wild mushrooms, which can be found on the Side Dishes portion of the menu. We ended up topping our ahi tostadas with our mushrooms as well, which made for a delightful fulfilling meal before attending our play. These mushrooms were not over-cooked, had good flavor, and come with garlic chips (and some full sized garlic cloves) - to give the dish a kick. I highly recommend this dish if you come here, whether you have a main entree or appetizers like my party did.

Overall I would return. The decor and food is good. Service seems to be a weak spot. The food ideas here are inventive, and at least you may run into something here you would not find anywhere else.