March 16, 2012 put me into the middle of Art Detour 24 preparations.  Part of my art detour was meeting a wheat paste artist named Jetsonorama.  
That topic is at at least two elsewheres.  

Breeze says La Condesa serves some of the best burritos on 16th Street.  Jetson couldn't make it for lunch under the 16th street canopy.  He was up to his elbows in paste and plotter paper, plus being three feet off the ground.   

I said, "What the heck, I Yelp* I'll let Jetsonorama rate the food and I'll get a horchata."  (  'Or cha ta' for all you snowbirds)

La Condesa horchata is not To Go horchata.  Especially with a straw the diameter of an osmosis tube.  The crushed peanuts, and pecans, diced strawberry and cantalope are not straw friendly.  Especially for a traveller.  I kept probing the drink with my tiny tube, trying to find a crevice among the fracked fruit stand and ice, so I could slurp and taste some liquid.  Tough proposition caballeros.  If I'd have been at a table, with a spoon, my words might be celebrating the glories of this unique gourmet horchata.  

My favorite horchata in town is still Poblano's.

I feast on art.  My great-grandmother sent books depicting art from the world's great galleries, most of that art showing live subjects.  I'm a human being who's always been encouraged to live.  I don't completely get the Mexican celebration of The Dead (Garcia IS a hispanic name isn't it?).  The art depicting them who've gone.  Lots of it is about humor, fleeting beauty, memorials, and kicking it in the hereafter.  I don't quite get it in my bones.  Some day I will.  I understand a Day of the Dead, but a lifetime of the dead is beyond me.  

La Condesa has Fine Art depicting The Dead.  Or those who could be dead.  I mean will be dead.   It is beautiful work, worthy of a trip to La Condesa.  Looking over some of the Yelp* pictures, La Condesa is also a gallery.  

To the main course!

The salsa bar is the most diverse one I've seen.  I dished up Cilantro, Sesame, and Pecan salsas into my little salsa to-gos.  The salsa bar was loaded with all the normal flavors, plus lots more.

How often do I get to order mole anything?  (That's 'mo lay', not mole for all you snowbirds.  Big difference.) 

Not too often.

The Jet gave me free reign for his lunch.  I ordered him a mole burrito.  He said he wanted jamaica (  'Ha my ee ca', hibiscus flower iced tea, to all you snowbirds)  to drink    

I cannot wax wordy on the mole or jamaica.  I ate and drank neither.  I was texted, "It was great, perfect flavor, drink refreshing, no room for dinner."

Need anything else be written?

Elsewhere 1:

http://www.panoramio.com/photo/68707840