My whole family was together for the first time in almost four years for my brother's college graduation, and it was a great last-night-in-town dinner. 

Service was excellent, ambiance was great. We were greeted immediately after a short walk through the outdoor dining section and past the charming man-made duck pond, and seated immediately after. Our server, Max, had taken our drink orders and brought water and chips within a minute of our settling in. He also took pictures of the whole family together and was friendly and laughed with us. 

The food was great -- the recommendations for the pollo fundito are worth listening to! That's what I had, and it was amazing. I was a little unsure about the cream cheese jalapeño sauce before it arrived, as I'm not a huge fan of jalapeños, but Max assured me it was to my tastes, and he was right! I'm desperately searching for good recipes to recreate it when I'm back home in Seattle.

Everyone else at my table had pitchers of the house margaritas, which even I sampled and enjoyed, despite margaritas not being my drink of choice. I had one (well, not just ONE) of the best strawberry daquiris I've ever had.

But here's where El Encanto loses one star. My brother was unimpressed with the slightly hefty price of his pretty small burrito, even though he enjoyed it. Also, my father's beef fajitas didn't come with cheese, and only had two tortillas -- though he did get more when he asked. Not sure if there was an extra charge, but I don't think there was. 

Toward the end of the meal, the owner or a manager (Bill), also checked on us, which I always appreciate on a busy Saturday night dinner. 

In addition, Robin (one of the hostesses? A manager? She was standing at the hostess station when we walked in and chatted briefly with my mother while our waiter asked the rest of us where we wanted to sit.) gave us a HUGE free fried ice cream to celebrate my brother's graduation. It was delicious and easily enough for all five of us to share after such a huge dinner. 

Also the duck pond was awesome! We sat next to the windows with a great view of the ducks, geese, and turtles! The overall atmosphere was pleasant, and the decor was charming, though noise carries inside, and as the dining room filled up, the volume went up. If you want an intimate and quiet dinner, be sure to go in before the big rush and ask to be seated away from the entrance -- outside with the duck pond understandably  attracts the families with loud children. 

If I ever find myself in Cave Creek again, I would definitely eat at El Encanto again! I wish I could get Mexican food like this back home in Seattle. Guess I'll have to make it myself.