My husband has been talking about this place since he saw the episode of Man Vs Food that highlighted it.
It didn't seem appealing to me, so I have been putting him off.  Next time dear.  Well, relationships are about compromise my friends, so eventually I had to give in and take the boy to Los Reyes.
My expectations were not high.  I mean, tortas are sandwiches right?  Why get so excited.  And so what if Adam Richman attempted to give himself a heart attach here, I'm not big on the competetive eating circiut so a sandwich the size of my head is not my cup of tea.
The store front is in a run down stip mall.  It proudly dispalys a picture of Mr.Richman.  It's a little skeezy.  I prepare myself for the worst.
I have an issue with calling something with no tequila a margarita, or no rum a pina coloda.  So, maybe call 'em smoothies.  I am not impressed by the menu.
My husband got the La Reyna.  Now, a little background, one of our most explosive fights to date involved what he calls 'sandwich sience'.  I was packing his lunch, 'cause I'm nice like that, and he instructed me that the way I make a turkey sandwich is completely wrong.  He tried to school me in the ways of 'sandwich science' I gave him the butter knife and told him to pack his own lunch.  When my husband recieved his torta I swear to God a single tear fell down his cheek.  The cooks at Los Reyes de la Torta are certified sandwich scientists.  The way they wrapped the chorizo in the egg was probably the most beautiful sight my husband had ever seen.  His expression trumped the one he had on our wedding day as I walked down the aisle.  
His silence through out the entire meal, and the fact that I never got a bite, leads me to believe that the sandwhich was not only well constructed, but very tasty. 
I had the alambre de camaron.  It was shredded shrimp, onions, cheese, jalepenos, rice, beans, and tortillas.  And you know what?  I was totally wrong about this place.  Seriously.  This was so good!  Adam Richman, you did me right. Los Reyes de la Torta, thank you for a great meal!