Came here last night after quickly convincing the hubby we should eat out and not stay in. We have heard lots of good things about this place and I am pleased to say it is as good as people say. We were seated on the patio (a good option for a rowdy 3 year old) and were promptly given water. I ordered the Tres Amigos margarita special of the night ($7) and liked it. Next time, I'll have to try the rasberry ($8) or pomegranate margarita ($9). Hubby got the mojito and it was decent. They were also doing free tequila tastings of Tres Amigos Blanco, Anejo and I can't remember the third. I really enjoyed that as anytime I am typically having tequila, I am not exactly concerned with the tastings differences in each blend. So, I learned something new this time. Very cool. The menu looks really great and I look forward to trying new dishes here. I had the salmon and spinach enchiladas that came with rice and vegetables. The rice was moist and delicious and reminded me a lot of the rice I grew up eating with Puerto-Rican dishes. The veggies were my favorites: red onions, and green and yellow squash. The enchiladas were pretty good but I would probably not order them again. I am more of a traditional enchilada type of girl and as much as I love salmon, I guess I don't prefer it in my enchiladas. But that is no fault to Padres as the dish was very good. My husband ordered their steak and unfortunately, his medium rare steak came out well done. They fixed it but hubby was very annoyed that I was pretty much finished with my plate when his remake came out. The server was great even though he forgot my daughter's drink and ordered her a cheese quesadilla appetizer and not the kids cheese quesadilla. But other than that, he consistently checked on us, was knowledgeable and enthusiastic on the menu and told us we should come back for salsa nights. On Friday and Sat nights, they do salsa dancing and bring in a band. I can't wait to go for that with some girlfriends. Fri it is 8:30-11:30pm and Sat it is 8-11pm.