Fun!  That's how I'd describe our experience at Los Reyes De La Torta.  

Picture it - a lazy scorching hot Sunday in Arizona. We had already met our beer quota for the weekend and needed to dry out.  What to do besides Netflix or DVR?  My fiance suggests a cheap lunch at Los Reyes de la Torta.  Sold!!

Forget the fact that, yes, we DID find out about this restaurant via Man vs. Food.  It just seemed too tempting NOT to try it since Adam actually visited a restaurant in the 602!  We knew what we were getting into - a huge torta big enough to feed two!  We were ready!

Upon arrival - it looked packed!  Although located in what people might describe as a "sketchy" area of town, we never felt that vibe.  Just an eclectic mix of people, families, couples, kids, milling around outside.  We thought for sure we were in for a long wait!

Wrong!  First off - the restaurant is actually bigger than it appears.  There were three different sections for diners to eat.  We were seated immediately at a table near the entrance which suited us just fine. We already knew what we wanted.  One Torta del Rey please!    We decided to share it - I knew I just wanted a taste (my body is not accustomed to that much meat at one time).  The waitress took our order in a matter of seconds.  Such prompt, and friendly service!  We knew it must be an authentic hangout because a bulk of the wait staff spoke broken English.  always a good sign - like when I go to an authentic Chinese Restaurant.  I expect the staff to be incomprehensible.  I also look for other Asians in the restaurant as validity.  Los Reyes de la Torta definitely seemed like a locals spot - very authentic - which made us like it even more.

So - within about 5 minutes - our order was up!  And OMG was it great!  Huge torta - layered with meats.  I won't list them because most of our fellow yelpers already have - I just want to say that the flavor was amazing!  Such a good deal and so much meat for only $7.99.  Served with potato chips and two different kinds of salsas (green and red) red being my favorite because it was spiciest.  Very very good salsa.  The awesome thing about sitting in the main area by the entrance was that we had full view of the kitchen.  My fiance and I stared in awe, watching how fast the chefs were able to churn tout the food.  Everything was made fresh - we wondered how many of the Torta Del Reys they actually cook each day! Most people ordered that.

The reason for the four stars is because although the sandwich is HUGE as is - there is an option for extra meat for a cost.  Of course - this is what had been served to Adam in the Man vs Food episode.  There is  a definite difference as to what was aired on TV.  We decided not to order extra meat this time around - and to save that for a time when we could go with a group of people.  Again the torta is meaty enough as is, the extra meat version be fun to do as a challenge with friends.

Overall a super fun time and a great experience.  Fast, friendly service and good fresh food.  Oh - and clean! Super super clean!  That was a surprise.  I've been to enough sketchy Chinatown restaurants and have become somewhat immune to that dirty feeling - but this restaurant was definitely well kept!  They also serve a huge selection of frozen drinks (both alcoholic or virgin) that I want to try next time!

Definitely give Los Reyes a try - or if you want a fun experience - take a group!  The food alone is entertaining enough!