This is certainly not the first restaurant I've been to with a setup resembling Chipotle's illegitimate child (and likely won't be the last).  Though to be sure there's more than enough distinguishing features at Gadzooks to remind you that this restaurant isn't entirely a Chipotle copycat.  For one, enchiladas and soup are the primary emphasis here whereas the tacos and salads basically play second fiddle.  Based on my experience I'd say 4 stars is a pretty spot on critique of Aaron Pool's creation.  At least based on my initial experience.

I came here after work on a Thursday.  Great location with a modern design inside and out, easily visible on the southeast corner of Osborn & 7th Street, and plenty of parking.  There was no one in line when I arrived so my timing was perfect.  Though in anticipation of a line, I researched their menu online to I made sure to the get the ordering process right.  Today I went with a pair of enchiladas.  I chose corn tortillas for both, one with tomatillo chicken and the other with short ribs.  Topped with both red and green chile sauces, asadero cheese, and a side of cornbread.  From there, they put my creation in the oven to cook for about 1-2 minutes.  After it was bubbling hot, I topped them both with guacamole, pico de gallo, and crema.  And after seeing those tasty looking pumpkin cookies at the register, I decided to get two of those as well.  Total price for the two enchiladas, side of cornbread, and a pair of cookies came to about $12.  I decided to get it to go this time rather than dine in.

I would've taken a picture of the dish, but 10 minutes worth of ingredients sloshing around in my car made it look a little less than appetizing when I opened it at home.  Still, smelled great and I was plenty hungry.  The tortillas were decent, but perhaps just a tad dry.  The short rib and tomatillo chicken however, no problem there.  Super juicy delicious meats and plenty of it in each enchilada.  And the sauces, cheese, and other toppings were also spot on.  The cornbread was, unusual.  Super spicy (almost alarmingly so), but almost with a candied component as well.  I guess I didn't quite know what to make of this.  Not good or bad I guess, just different.  The pumpkin cookies were a fantastic way to finish the meal.  Super soft, warm, fresh, and just the right amount of frosting.  Seriously, when you see these at the register, just let it happen.  It'll be worth it.

So while Gadzooks didn't have too much in the way of an OMG factor, its a pretty cool concept and one that carves its own niche, even within the Chipotle niche.  The staff was super friendly with me (I think they appreciated that I wrote down my order in advance), and the price was pretty good for the amount of food I got.  Next time I'm here I'll probably try the soups and other items.  But I doubt I'll ever be able to leave the counter again without giving into more of those pumpkin cookies.