HOT HOT HOT! Real Mexican Food

NO fake watered down Americanized food here says the owner as he was helping me with my with my menu selection. I needed my hangover cure Mexicano style after a long night of remy martin and loud ass music. 

First things first he could tell my wife and I were hurting offers a $5 Michelada. Serve it up please. He quickly comes back with Fresh Chips and Salsa. Chips were warm salsa was spicy a bit salty for me but good. The michelada is about the only item not on point served in a large glass cup, rimmed with the usual fruit salad salt, however there was no Ice or whatever remnants of ice were melted through. Not much mixed inside tasted like clamato and beer it was not terrible but Ive had and make way better thus -1 star. But Im here for the food so bring it on. 

We wanted something cold and refreshing but also something hot and filling. The owner recommended their shrimp empanadas to start off. I ordered a plate of 3 $8. They were soooo good. Served super duper hot nice and crispy not oily, plenty of shrimp inside with pico de gallo and a wonderful green salsa on the side. This salsa was very good not salty just perfectly spicy and citrusy. I burned my mouth eating it, dont care love my food piping hot. These were very filling and big, Im already full WTH. 

Next my wife ordered the large shrimp cocktail $12. Cocktail had plenty of shrimp, not like other restaurants that either have tiny shrimp you need a magnifying glass to see or 5 medium shrimp bobbing up and down with nothing but vegetables. This cocktail had tons of medium sized shrimp with just enough veggies and lots of avocado in the mix. The shrimp were soft to the bite, the juice was tasty enough salt and citrus flavors perfect for the hangover cure. 

For my filling apetite I opted for the Camarones a la Diabla. Now for you hueros be careful when ordering this plate. The owner asked me, no warned me do you want the house style or medium level of heat the sauce comes with. I says man make them how you make them bro dont water em down for me "este cabron thinks I cant handle it, im don chingon fool" Alright you got it. My plate arrived everything fresh and piping hot. Lots of medium sized shrimp onions and bellpeppers served in a thick mole type broth with white rice, salad, and beans on the side $14. My first bite of the shrimp reminded me of my wifes home made mole recipe passed down from her grandma in Zacatecas not that mole u get in the jar. This Sauce was delicious, first bite I says good what the problem is, well u ever here of an afterburn and no Im not talking about working out. Shortly after swalling my mouth was on fire but even though it was on fire and could not be quenched by the michelada or my wifes cold coktail I immediately started to drink; I kept on eating it was too delicious. The owner came by several times "te lo rebajo si quieres?", I can reduce the heat for you if you want. Each time he passed my nose was running eyes were crying but I kept trucking on best camarones a la diabla  ever I had I told him. He says if they dont make your nose runny their not camarones al diabla.This is real mexican food just like my mother makes it. The white rice was delicious soft and not oily like most restaurants that serve orange rice. Beans, be careful sooo good, but that also means they may be cooked with lard so yes later you may have a gas issue. Although surprisingly I did not. 

All in all good quality food, good service, great prices. Location is totally ghetto yo, downtown area 10-15 min drive from the strip but worth it. Located in a strip mall behind the TACOS MEXICO. We thought they were closed at 10:10am on Sunday but owner just opened up for us as we were leaving glad he did. The inside of the restaurant is clean, very small tastefully decorated with murals throughout. I will  try their ceviche and aguachiles next time Im in Vegas.