Mexican food that tastes authentic is hard to find. Maize is a place that is able to achieve this Mexican taste which is not drowned in cheeses or sauces which can ruin Mexican food. The menu is small and not complicated with straight forward Mexican food options. The food is also relatively cheap, for about eight dollars you can get a filling authentic meal. Best of all they make their own masa base, While waiting to order i saw a Mexican lady kneading a huge amount of masa dough for the tortillas, and even saw a man hand making the flautas. With fresh masa as a base of the dishes, it was hard to not order the whole menu to see the different applications of the masa dough

I ordered three items from Maize. The first item I tried was the carne asade burrito. The first thing that I tasted was the juicy steak, it was seasoned well and very juicy. it was not dry and burned as if it had been sitting in a tray just waiting to be reheated multiple times.  The beans, lettuce and the queso fresco help to bring a balance of creaminess, saltiness and crunch to the burrito. The burrito is also a great value at five dollars, it is quite hefty with plenty of juicy steak in it which is always key. I next had the Tlacoyo with chorizo on it. The chorizo was a great highlight. It was not dry and very flavorful. Many places when cooking chorizo overcook so it gets burned. The chorizo also was not overly greasy. The Tlacoyo was stuffed with beans fried and topped with sourcream and a blend of cilantro and onions and chorizo. The Tlacoyo looked like a tostada but with Masa that is fried. he saltiness of the chorizo blended well with the sourcream and onions which made me wish I had ordered more. When you bite into it, you first get a crunchy bite with  the Masa and then chorizo, sourcream and onions melding with it to give you a perfect crunchy bite. For three dollars, it it quite satisfying. The last item I ordered was a chicken huaraches. The huaraches are similar but are not studded with beans. This item was also quite good, the chicken moist and tender. The vegetables on it tasted fresh as the tomatoes were still firm when eating the huaraches. i got the huaraches grilled instead of fried and it made the masa more moist and chewy, almost like a pita. Having the huarache grilled, was a palate cleaner as it had certain freshness of summer food in the winter time. 

i think even Anthony  Bourdain would love eating at this place. The food this laces produces looks similar to the food he eats on his shows.  This Mexican places is a small restraint with barely any room to sit, but its simple Mexican flavors will have me coming back to eat.