Went on Friday night for the first time with my partner and two friends.  It simply was slammed.  Front bar was full and surrounding handful of tables.  The back room, which has around 10 tables was also full.  There is no list and much less reservations.  This was very frustrating, jockeying for position to take a table when it opened up only to have the one person in front of you suddenly have their 8 friends show up and take all of the open tables.  We ended up waiting an hour for a table for four.

Not much of a scene, it really didn't seem like a lawrenceville crowd at all... definitely mostly people from Shadyside or the burbs driving their BMWs down to the new hip spot.

I must say though, once the food came, all my angst regarding seating and pretentious other customers melted away.  We started with guacomole and salsa, both of which were simply superb.  The guac was simple, but creamy and satisfying.  The salsa was full of roasted poblano goodness.

The menu is around 15 items from $5-$12.  The bulk of it are corn-tortilla tacos with various other offerings.

Then my tacos came.  Good lord, I am so glad I ordered the pork belly.  Each taco had a healthy serving of pork belly covered in a spicy roasted, smoky sauce, onions, celantro, apple, radish and queso fresco.  I really wish I could eat these everyday.  At $8, the price was right for a sit down restaurant, but I do wish I could find these for lunch somewhere for $6.

So, all in all, the food and service was excellent.  The scene and having to jockey for a table for an hour really left me grumpy and will make me think twice about going again.

Lsatly, to the table of 3 who had finished their food when we got there, and were still at their table 2 hours later when we left.  If anyone from that group is reading this, what a low-life sitting there watching others wait for a table while you sip your drink and laugh about the wallpaper and run your hands through your stupid balding head of curly hair.  Go get a drink somewhere else and let people eat for god sake.

Not good for groups I don't know what the heck previous reviewers are thinking.