I've been here five times now since it opened in January and each time the food has improved and the service has been more attentive and faster. It seems like Taco Haus is finally starting to hit its stride. Inside it has a hip feel and the music is usually playing pretty loud. I love it, but my grandmother, who accompanied us one evening, didn't. They have a nice, quieter outdoor area to sit and enjoy meals as well. The food has plenty to offer. My favorites are their ceviches, the halibut and the shrimp are both excellent, their sides (beans and corn are solid) and their salads. I've tried each salad and enjoyed all of them. They offered a special beet salad last week that was probably the best salad I've ever had: golden beets, red beets, capers, strawberries, goat cheese, balsamic, and more made for an amazing, memorable dish that I hope they will add as a more frequent menu addition. They also offer a Chef's Table reservation for groups of 6 or more that I am looking forward to trying someday. 
What I love most about this place is the fresh quality ingredients and their commitment to local, organic produce. It's fairly healthy grub, yet still tasty so I leave satisfied, but not feeling like I need to go run eight miles afterwards.
Areas where I feel they can still improve? Service is critical to a restaurant's success. They are getting better, but still need to improve on consistency. The tres leches cake, while very good, was smaller than my wife and me had expected so it was a very quick desert. Also, some of our dinner companions have been a little surprised at the small taco sizes (they're really street tacos). I recommend the shrimp, short rib, carne asada, or veggie, however the chicken tacos have tasted pretty plain. But, you definitely need at least three or four to fill the average eater. All in all, I really enjoy eating at Taco Haus and feel like they are improving every time I visit, which goes to show that their chef and management are committed to serving the very best food they can.