At first I missed it since its in this teeny strip mall type thing south of Hatcher. The little parking lot was full so I decided to chance the Wireless Phone store next door, parking at the end, completly ignoring the tow away zone. Living on the dangerous side - that's me! LOL

When I walked in, it was PACKED. Sunday 300pm, guess everyone came in after church. I was quickly greeted by a waitress and asked for here or to go. I ordered out and got the Alambre De Res. I asked her how many tacos come in it and was told an order of three. Only when I got home to find two corn tortillas hiding under the mound of beef. Anyway, as I was standing there to pay, another waitress was handing over these two fruit things, the nosey person I am quickly asked what is that because it looked delicious. She called it a Fruit with Whip Cream, apparently it had sour cream and pecans in it to. So I ordered the Strawberry one as well.

As it was just to crowded for me, I stepped out side, eating my Fruit Cream and waited for my order to appear. I was told it would take 10-15mins which I was fine with because of the crowd it was understandable. After about 5mins I realized it started to get hot and I stepped back inside and grabbed a seat and proceeded to people watch.

There was one waitress who's sole purpose was to answer the phone, taking to go orders and packing them up as they were ready. Another one stood at the cash register and accepted all payments. I saw a man there not dressed in the pink shirt and khaki pants, perhaps the Manager? He would talk with the waiteresses, pointing out things that they quickly addressed. Just made sure everything was running smoothly.

As I waited, I munched on the Fruit Cup - delicious! It had chunks of strawberries and pieces of pecans. Almost like yogurt. When I finally got my order home, and opened the box it just looked delicious...only missing one corn toritlla. What I liked about the meal is that it had a huge wedge of grilled onion and chili, so I could take a bite of that with the tacos. Grilled veggies are the best! The "salad" I didn't bother with, I think it was shredded lettuce, could've been cabbage, but since I didn't touch it, I'm not sure. Beans would've been a better side. I munched on the slices of cucumber and radishes that accompanied it. The meat was delicious with the melted cheese on top and with the salsa - a delicious meal it made!

Oh. And all these reviews about it being a sketchy/scary area. Umm..not really..

6/1/14 Update: This visit I got the Mexican Pizza in the appetizer section - delicious! I also got the Alambre De Cameron (Shrimp Tacos) SO GOOD! Filled with shrimp, topped with melting cheese. I didn't want the "salad" that usually comes with it and asked for beans instead. Welll...they gave me double serving of rice. BUT! It wasn't the typical Spanish Rice that I do NOT under any circumstances like. It had corn, bell peppers and NO hint of tomato sauce anywhere. YUM!