Taco y Taco is now open on Eastern!

I almost want to call it "Taco y Taco #2." It's the same food as the original location, but it has a more upscale feel, having borrowed a lot of decor (and tables and chairs, apparently) from the former inhabitants of this space, Republic Kitchen & Bar. It definitely feels more spacious than the original, and it even has bar seats and upstairs seating. This is a place where you might consider lingering for a while, as one customer apparently was doing with a laptop.

All the elements from the original location are here, just arranged differently. The whole ordering line is condensed and all items can be seen easily without turning a corner or navigating a narrow hallway. For those new to the experience, you have taco lines where you can see the al pastor turning on a vertical spit and the other meats bathing in hot water, and you have a spot at which you can order everything else. The salsas/sauces are on their own island. The seating, again, is simply a lot nicer than at the original location. Oh, and the lever to obtain water from the soda fountain isn't broken (yet).

They didn't have chicarrones or cesos when I dropped by today, but all the other meats are available. I actually learned a new thing, which was that there's beef tripas and pork tripas available, and I got to sample each. I ended up ordering one pork tripas (intestine) taco, one cabeza taco (cheek and other head meat), and two al pastor tacos.

I would have considered giving an extra star because the interior is so nice, but it doesn't sit well with my miserly nature to spend $2.25 on a taco that's probably still $2.15 at the original location and was just $2.00 a few months ago. More importantly, there was definitely too much saltiness on my palate, which I'm guessing might be because the meats have been sitting around since the lunch rush. Thank goodness the tortillas, delicious meats, and other fixings are all the same or else I would've had a problem.

I live closer to the original location, but for people who live closer to this location, give it a try. You will enjoy it whether you're a new customer or a hardened veteran.