Tasty tacos, great decor, pretty mediocre service.

Setting: I was pretty excited to try out this place, because I'm a fool for good tacos. This place definitely stands out in its neighborhood--the facade does a great job of making it do so. The inside has a great-looking bar area, the artwork is really nice (I dig the Dia de los Muertos theme), and the furniture is nice and colorful. It's a cozy little place, with tables very close to each other to fit in as many as possible in a relatively small area.

Food: The food is pretty excellent. I ended up trying 4 different tacos during my visit, and they were all very good. I tried the Mayan Cochinita Pibil, La Condesa Veggie Taco, the whitefish taco, and the Gaucho taco. I was most excited about the cochinita pibil, because it's one of my favorite dishes, but I ended up being most impressed by the gaucho taco. The steak in it was very well done, and the flavors went well with each other. I could have used some more chimichurri, but it was tasty nonetheless. The cochinita pibil was very good as well. The whitefish taco was a little bland. I wouldn't have minded some stronger flavors in it. And the veggie taco was quite good--right up there with the cochinita pibil. The rice and beans, though not the star of the show, were really good! I liked that the rice was a little "stickier" than most rice you find outside of more Asian-type restaurants. And the beans had great flavor.

When I first opened the menu, I was very conflicted over what to order. There are so many great options! I'll definitely have to come back and sample some of the other options. The salsa bar is pretty great. There is a good range of selections, including a few options I had never seen before (e.g., strawberry salsa and pecan salsa).

Service: This was definitely the downside to the experience. Despite there being nobody in front of me waiting for a table when I arrived, it took about 30 minutes of waiting to get a table. Seeing as there is nowhere inside to wait, that's a long wait in the Phoenix summer heat. Once seated, it took a further 15 minutes for anybody to come over and ask for my order. And once I had finished, I sat there for about 30 minutes before I had an opportunity to request our check. Fortunately, I wasn't in any sort of hurry, but that's a lot of waiting.

All in all, I enjoyed the experience and will be back. It's a little pricey for tacos, but the ingredients generally merit a price higher than your typical taco stand.