After some shopping, my husband spotted this place and I remember looking at them on Yelp. I recalled they had a good happy hour. Decision made, we sauntered in. I asked the hostess if they were still having happy hour and she said it went until 7pm and was only in the bar. We spotted a lonely bar table and sat there. Our waitress was quick to arrive and take our drink order. During Monday's happy hour, it's Margarita Monday, so the larger sized margaritas are $5. (Smaller sized ones are $3.) Margaritas can be any number of flavors - mango, strawberry, etc. I asked if they had coconut but unfortunately not. I decided to go with a house margarita on the rocks. My husband went with blended. Our drinks arrived quickly and in a large glass. (The glasses reminded me of the heavy margarita glasses that Chili's uses.) For a house margarita, the drink was really good and really strong on the tequila. Wowza, these were some strong drinks. (Even the blended drink. I was totally thinking premade slushie machine but I seriously think they made the drink then threw it in a blender.) 

During happy hour, the appetizers and tacos are half price. The appetizers include flatbread, nachos, ceviche, etc. We decided on the shrimp flatbread and chicken tacos. The flatbread came out on a long rectangular board and three tacos to a plate. The flatbread was good but really it was on square crackers - kind of like matzo. I kept joking it should be called shrimp crackers (totally the tequila talking). The chicken tacos were good too with a huge slice of avocado on them. When the tacos ran out, my husband decided to order fish tacos (mahi mahi). These came out quickly and were delicious as well. When the flatbread and tacos were gone, our waitress asked if we had room for dessert. My husband inquired which of the desserts were really good - he couldn't decide between the flan, brownie, or apple pie. Our waitress said the apple pie was surprisingly delicious and one of their most popular desserts. How could we resist? The dessert comes out with several dishes. There's a huge cast iron plate that is scorching hot and this is where the brandy butter sauce is poured upon. As this sizzles and cooks up, the apple pie is placed in the butter, and then ice cream is dropped on top. As a non-apple pie lover, this was pretty good. I enjoyed the brandy butter sauce and ice cream the most, they tasted great together. Unfortunately, our eyes were much larger than our stomachs and we couldn't finish this dessert. 

We left full, satisfied, and happy. I would definitely recommend coming here for happy hour. The food and drinks were a great price and everything was tasty. We'll definitely be back.