Full review blogged.  High points below:

A native of a small town in the Midwest surrounded by farms heavily populated by Latino workers each summer of my youth I'm a bit ashamed to admit that overall my experience with "Mexican" food in general has been quite abysmal.  Sure there were childhood experiences with Little Mexico in Detroit before or after games at Joe Louis Arena and yes I've visited a few of Rick Bayless' spots in the Second City but beyond that and Border Grill in Los Angeles the closest I've been to South of the Border cuisine is Don Pablos...or perhaps Chi-Chi's before they filed for bankruptcy.  With these glaring omissions in my culinary education admitted and in part due to my overall lack of enthusiasm for spicy foods I promised myself going into this trip to Arizona that I would make an effort to at least hit some of the more upscale spots in order to "ease myself in" and the first of these stops would be at The Barrio Café.

Going light on the bread as it was somewhat uninspiring and the plates coming from the kitchen were surprisingly large it would be around twenty minutes after seating that my "appetizer" would arrive in the form of Tacos de Cochinita Pibil, four Mayan style slow roasted suckling pig tacos wrapped in house made tortillas with a side of Yucca fries, chipotle ketchup, and salsa Yucateca.  Beginning first with the tacos I'll simply say that while it may not mean much considering my lack of experience these were without a doubt the best tacos I have ever had.  Double wrapped due to the moistness of the succulent meat each bite was savory and smoky with a light acidity kissing the tongue as the queso fresco tamed everything.  Deftly spiced with any number of flavors foreign to my palate and going back and forth with the tasty fries I think the thing that really stood out to me with this dish was that while the "heat" was there, it served a purpose - pushing forward more unique tones like cinnamon, nutmeg, cumin, and even sweetness from the meat.

For my main course; a dish titled Pato en Tamarindo or "Seared breast of duck in a striking sweet & sour tamarind & chipotle pepper sauce."  With my love of duck well documented and already quite impressed with the flavor profile of the preceding tacos I have to say I went into this dish with high expectations and was met only half-way.  Beginning first with the accoutrements - mashed yucca with poblano peppers and asparagus with onions, both were tasty and well prepared if not particularly memorable.  Moving on to the duck, similarly well prepared with the breast first pounded thin and then sautéed prior to a final sear, the issue with this dish would flash back to my complaint about "spice" because while the menu said "duck" my palate merely said "protein" as the flavors of the fowl were entirely obliterated by the thick notes of smoke, pepper, and slight bitters.  A good dish, sure, but for someone who truly loves duck I simply wanted to be able to taste it.

With the duck now consumed and feeling reasonably full but certainly not "stuffed" Esequiel again stopped by with a big smile stating "Nice job, I knew you could do it.  But did you save room for dessert?" - an obvious 'yes' which led to perhaps Barrio Café's most famous dish arriving at my table just ten minutes later.  Entitled "Churros Rellenos de Cajeta de Cabra" and trumping either of the previous dishes in overall mass this marvelous plate was composed of essentially five things and all five of them things I love; deep fried cinnamon doughnuts, chocolate, caramel, strawberries, and ice cream.

Beginning first with the Churros - flawless, light, and crisp on the exterior with molten goats milk caramel spilling forth as they were cut...in all honestly they could have stopped here and I'd have been happy, but instead opting to pair this with an enormous double scoop of fresh vanilla bean ice cream drizzled with more caramel, slightly peppery "Mexican hot chocolate" and fresh strawberries...sure it was $12 for churros, but it is $12 I'd gladly spend again as I ate every last bite of the crunchy yet creamy concoction and spent another three or four minutes scraping the plate clean with my spoon.

With Esequiel returning yet again and asking, jokingly, if I'd enjoyed the churros he inquired (I hope jokingly) if there was anything else he could get me and telling him no, that the bill, I waited for a few moments while my tab was calculated - an admittedly pricey $58 after tax and tip - and with the bill paid I thanked the my servers for such a great afternoon before making my way back out into the sun.  Thankful for the meal that just was for opening my eyes in to a cuisine I've far too long overlooked I've no doubt that Barrio Café is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the Valley's Mexican scene, but considering what they say about first impression's I'm glad Chef Esparza and her team made a good one.