What a great find! I would never have expected to find such a great restaurant tucked inside the World Market Center! I went for dinner last week, and passed it the first time I drove by since I didn't realize where it was. And because it was at night, and most of the business at the World Market Center had ended already, the restaurant was pretty empty.  There may have been another party or two present, but I barely even noticed.  There was one server serving us all night, and he was fun, although slightly (or more than slightly) off.  That didn't make for a bad experience, but just some confusing moments.

Our table started off with chips & salsa, guac, and margaritas.  One of the women at my table wasn't drinking, so our server asked if she wanted to the bartender to make a non-alcoholic cocktail, which was sweet.  So she went with that.  Considering that it would probably have been an $8 drink, if she were charged for it, I think she would have been happier with just a soda or lemonade instead.  But there were great intentions there.

For dinner, I was considering a few different items off the menu, until the daily special was read off. BONE-IN RIBEYE. At that point, there was no question about what I was going to order.  I just had to choose my side. In fact, 3 of the 5 of us ordered the Ribeye! So for a side, I was debating between the sweet corn tamale and mexican style street corn.  I should have gone with my gut since I've wanted a sweet corn tamale since the last time I saw it on a menu about 4 years ago.  But since someone already ordered the sweet corn tamale, our server convinced me to get the mexican style street corn.  It wasn't bad, but it was richer than my palette prefers. I had a bite of the sweet corn tamale and it was exactly what would have satisfied my longing. But let's rewind to the actual entree! I'll just have to say that my medium rare prepared bone-in ribeye was perfect!  It's a larger portion than I could have finished in one sitting, but because it was perfect in so many ways, I really just wanted to sit there all night nibbling on it.  Perfectly cooked. Perfectly seasoned.  I ended up taking half back home, and even as a reheated left over, it was still DELICIOUS!   I'll be dreaming about that rib-eye for a while now....