Part of me really wants this place to have 3.5 stars...damn Yelp! 

Anyhow, my rating is as follows:

Location: 2 stars, though something is oddly mysterious about this place.

Service: 2 stars, ALWAYS have bad service.

Food: 5 stars!!!  Yea!!!

I discovered this place when a good friend of mine took me here.  He said you will love it...I did...well, the food at least.

This restaurant is located in the Slopes, so come locked and loaded.  98% of the time this place is PACKED and their parking lot is super small, which means crappy parking in general.  I have had issues with this and have had to park in the neighborhood or in the establishment across the street.  The facility itself is rather small too, which is maybe why it always seems busy.

Upon entering I have found that it takes a while to be greeted.  The wait staff runs around frantically, although it only seems like I have ever seen only the 3 same servers each time I go.  The bar is located to your right and is small (sorry happy hour goers), and there are two separate seating areas, with seating outside.

For the tequila lovers, you have A LOT to work with!!!  Their selection is huge.  I often just close my eyes and point, and there is my shot for the evening.  They also have cheap margaritas too if that is your thing, with your basic beers on draft and bottle.

The ambiance is filled with old decor, but adds to the theme of the place, making it cozy in some aspect.

There is a large variety of food to select from on the menu.  I usually have the carnitas or carne asada.  ALWAYS delicious, never questionable.  I LOVE their chips and salsa.  To me, a good Mexican food restaurant in my book MUST have good chips and salsa to be considered worthy of return.  I just don't eff around with this.  They have this covered!

The only thing I can really complain about in this case is the service.  It always seems like it takes forever to be greeted, forever to have the wait staff take our drink order, then forever to return with them, then another eon to take our food order, and another eon for refills, and even longer for the check and processing.  Why is this?  Can someone please explain it to me?  If you are on a time crunch, this is NOT the place to go.

So, with that in mind, I leave you with the humbling message to try it out!  If you can tolerate their lack of prompt service and risky neighborhood, than you are a okay and ready for take off.  Bring a group of friends, have some shots, eat some good food.