I wrote this review about our visit in September 2014 and just recently posted it, I can't comment as to what changes have since been made:

Tried MUNDO  for the first time last night. We brought our 2.5 year old out for a nice family dinner, which I must admit I was nervous about after reading other guest reviews. We had no problem taking him with us, the staff were welcoming enough. There were even a couple of other families with kids of varying ages, which raised the comfort level at 8pm on a Saturday evening. 

The restaurant is beautifully decorated, romantic, etc...we enjoyed the atmosphere while ordering some fresh guacamole to go with the complimentary chips and salsa and my Cadillac margarita. The margarita was delicious, the guacamole was good but nothing out of this world. The salsa was also okay by my review, my date really enjoyed the salsa, I prefer char in my salsa, so it's just a matter of difference of tastes

For dinner, I went with the vegetarian tamale and a side of wild mushrooms. My date went with the chicken enchilada with side of fries (kid friendly). I'm not a vegetarian, but this dish just sounded good for my tastes that eveining and also think if a restaurant can serve up a really tasty vegetarian dish, they can pack some flavor. I didn't notice a kids menu, so we decided to share our dishes and our son liked the chicken enchilada, the fries were a big hit, and I even got some of my veggies in , which meant we would be ordering a dessert (we usually skip dessert) 8)

I really enjoyed the tamale, everything was flavorful and spicy, but not overly spiced. Good sauce, vegetables were cooked properly and the filling was a good level of sweetness to balance. Also, with the chips, guacamole, sides, etc, there's no way I could eat the whole thing, so most went home for lunch the next day, bonus! And, like I mentioned, even got the 2.5 year old to try a few bites. Wild mushrooms were satisfying. I tried a bite of the enchilada and though the chicken was maybe on the dryer side, the favors were very good and my partner finished it all with the help of out son. The fries are a mix of potatoes and sweet potatoes-  they didn't stand a chance against our son, he loved those! We tried them, they were yummy.

Last part of the evening were the churros. They come with a chocolate dipping sauce. I wasn't blown away, but they were a good sweet ending. 
We will go again, probably just the 2 of us for date night next time.