Living near this place a long time ago and driving by I never stopped in.  After seeing more than positive reviews on Yelp here I decided to give it a try.

Here's one thing that bothers me about non-chain places: Train your staff to have a favorite!  Whenever I go to a place I've never been I always ask 'what do you recommend?' -- the default of 'everything is good' is NOT an answer people!!!  Be confident in what your best dish is and I'm ordering it unquestioned.  There HAS to be something that defines your restaurant...if there isn't, then you are just like a chain.

Given that (I didn't get a recommendation), I went with my trusty judge of Chorizo (burrito with egg and refried beans).  It was plenty portion and just came as the burrito.  It was good.  Not great, but good. 

No free chips like others have said.  This didn't really bother me as I'm trying to eat better and knew I'd be stuffing my face with a giant tortilla, pork fat and beans likely cooked in lard (which is a good thing, btw).

The salsa was ok.  Definitely could improve here in my opinon.  I think El Ricos in Queen Creek has better salsa.

I  am agreeing with others on the price.  My *lunch* burrito was $8.99.  That's steep for a lunch single item.  Compared to Burrito Shack at nearly half that (and bigger burrito).  I don't think the taste -- which was good -- justified the cost.  My guess is that overhead is high in the complex.

I'd love it if there prices were lower -- if even for lunch specials.

Place was clean, ample seating and staff was friendly.  I will return and try other things (and bring friends).

They are also on Twitter: http://twitter.com/lulustacoshop which scores an extra point in my book...hopefully they will push out lunch discount deals via Twitter and that will bring me back sooner.

Good mexican, wish the price was just a bit lower.  

Honestly I was going to rate 3 stars just now but really wanted 3.5.  I'm giving Lulus the benefit here and going with 4.  The food is good, prices could be better, but overall a good Mexican food experience and I will return...hopefully with a discount I got via Twitter (hint, hint).