I was thrilled to be able to come to Fajitas for my friend's birthday lunch. This restaurant has been around for what seems like eons and a very fitting venue to celebrate the big 4-0! In fact, this place was a regular haunt of mine for years and I even had my 17th birthday party here (with my friend Kari the now 40 year old!).

We had a party of 16-Kari's family, her parents, siblings and their families. We were seated at a long table and the first thing I noticed is that the decor is exactly the same as it was since we were in high school. The menu changed a little bit, but the salsa and chips were the same too. We had a nice waitress, the iced tea was great and we ordered cheese crisps to start and as a table ordered beef, chicken and shrimp fajitas along with a couple of sides of guacamole.

The cheese crisps arrived first and were incredible. Ivy, if you are reading, this is a must have cheese crisp!Better than both Macayo's or Garcia's hands down. Light, crisp and fabulous. In fact I liked the cheese crisps better than the fajitas! The fajitas arrived, the shrimp had good flavor but were small and shriveled looking and obviously overcooked. The steak wasn't as good as I remember it and realized we didn't order the more expensive meat (cadillac) so that could be why. The chicken was perfectly cooked and really good. The tortillas are great-these have been around since before Chevy's hit the Phoenix area and I will admit the guacamole was delicious and quite the surprise. I was thrilled at how good the meal was and even more thrilled to be celebrating with my friend at a place that has so much history within our friendship.

For those of you who are Fajita's newbies-here is a warning. This is the type of restaurant that the food smell sticks to you inside and out. I knew we were coming here so I had planned on what to wear-even down to the bra I traveled in and knew I would be doing laundry before I packed to come home the next day. Yep, long running joke about Fajita burps, farts, and clothing and they are all true so beware! Years ago, they didn't have a product like Febreeze. Now that they do, makes eating here a lot easier!