In my opinion, Charlotte lacks food venues that are well thought out and as much visually interesting as tasty.  I feel like if a restaurant is well thought out and atmospherically pleasing, the food is lacking. Ruru's has both. The atmosphere is a very cool villa that has been transformed for dining and the details down to the square hollowed out ice cubes are way cool! I had the queso, salsa, and guacamole. All a very nice way to start the meal (although everything here is a la carte so do not expect the salsa and chips off the bat) I also tasted the tofu rice bowl which was very fresh tasting. I ordered the skirt steak taco and the mahi taco. Simple and delicious. Great drink selection and clever menu... Before I go on, I must say overall we were pleased with our experience. When We arrived it was Sunday around 6:15 and we sat at the bar as it was completely empty. The bartender seemed a bit agitated and aloof that we were even there. This somewhat bothered me because I was so hungry. After several minutes, he told us he wanted to get our order because he needed to get over to a 6 person table behind us- clearly going to be a bigger tip so clearly higher priority. We got our appetizer Ina very timely manner but we decided to talk to the other bartender for the duration because of what happened next. The original bartender, a tall middle aged bald man, got pissed that the lady at the table behind us had left him a $2 tip. It wasn't enough that he told us... He had to show us the receipt, bitch to the other bartender, and the servers standing at the well. "I've never received a worse tip" was something he said and also called the woman a choice name. He did not know us or know that I have been a bartender for over a decade. These things happen. Thales are "tips" not mandatory. Also, I understand having a bad night, but I do not agree with discussing a bad tip with anyone let alone customers that you do not know! We would have stayed for many more tasty drinks but we decided to leave because of the absurdity of this situation. Also, I took my normal 30% tip to just over 18%... Which was out of courtesy for the other kind bartender.