Ever since I moved downtown, this little corner of 3rd Street and Roosevelt has seemingly been one of those spots where good restaurants go to die.  I'm not sure if its the building, the fact that its set back from the street or the restaurant concepts themselves.  For whatever reason, nothing ever sticks here.  I remember when this location was the popular breakfast and brunch chain known as Scratch.  I remember when this place was The Local, a bold upscale concept that invited curiosity but never caught fire.  Now Paz, a cantina style taqueria has taken hold here.  Will it stick? Difficult to say.  But first impressions are good enough that I hope so.

The menu at Paz is one that largely sticks to a core of Mexican food favorites.  There are a few choices of tacos and tortas and a few other items, but the menu doesn't venture very far from that.  If you're looking for a wider variety, there are plenty of other Mexican establishments to choose from.  But despite the limited choices, the choices I had at my disposal tonight were quite tasty.  Tonight I went for four different tacos.  A pair of traditional tastes in the Carne Asada and Carnitas.  And for a little outside the box variety I went with the Tinga (a slow cooked chipotle chicken taco) and a Fish taco with I believe was fried mahi mahi.  My friend also got two tacos (the Tinga and Carne Asada).  When they came out, the presentation was tremendous with an array of colors from the different meats and toppings incorporated into the tacos.  All were small street style tacos with a soft warm tortilla to match.  By far my favorite was the Carne Asada.  I guess I'm traditional, but its just hard to beat great grilled steak.  The Tinga was also excellent and I especially loved the pickled onions they used to top it.  The Carnitas was also as expected with crispy pork and a chile sauce that had just the right amount of kick.  The fish taco was actually a bit spicier than most fish tacos I've had.  That jalapeño sauce probably had a lot to do with it.

Overall, a delicious taco assortment and just the right size.  I also got one of their "One Love" Margaritas with 100% pure agave tequila, strawberries, and Grand Marnier.  Tasty drink, though for $8 I probably would've expected a bigger size.  Which brings me to my one beef with the place.  The prices.  Total price for me and my friend for 6 individual tacos, a margarita, tax and tip came to about $35.  Chips and salsa were included too, but you catch the drift.  Its probably a little expensive for what it is.  The quality was excellent, but I'm not sure it was $35 excellent.  

Still, there's enough to like about this place that I'd certainly make another trip.  And to the credit of the owners, they've hit on a niche in that Roosevelt Row (until now) had virtually no Mexican food offerings to speak of.  Seems like they're still tinkering with the menu and the design of the restaurant, but so far they seem to be garnering a stronger following than this location's predecessors.  We'll see if it has staying power.  Hooray for tacos!