I haven't heard the exclamation, "Gadzooks!" since watching an English drawing room comedy on TCM during Alec Guinness Week or something equally British and old timey. It's a great exclamation. Like, "Zounds!" or "Sacré Bleu!" or "Bollocks!" Things Americans don't say. We usually just say the "F" word.

So when we checked out the newly renovated and freshly opened "Gadzooks: Enchiladas & Soup" in a 40-year-old building that was originally a filling station, then Miriam's Designer Clothes (FYI: Miriam was not on Project Runway), we naturally said, "Gadzooks! There's a new restaurant in town!" When we tried it out, we said, "The F-word! These are darn good!"

Dang! I mean, who doesn't love a great enchilada, right? We feel a little territorial about things like enchiladas here in the Southwest, too, because we do them so well. Cincinnati may have its Skyline Chili. New Orleans has its jambalaya. Coney Island has its hot dogs. We've got amazing Mexican food here.

Oy! So when cute, scruffy, friendly owner Aaron Pool graduated from ASU he followed his dream: he opened an 'Enchiladeria,' let's call it. But Aaron's vision is unique: you can customize what's really a genuinely handmade enchilada with a variety of fillings, toppings, sauces and condiments. When Aaron had this, "A ha!" moment he said, "Gadzooks!" The rest, as they say, is history.

Gosh! Once you enter Aaron's clean, bright, airy "enchiladeria" you'll see the menu posted above the friendly assembly line where someone like the totes adorbs inky Eric will help you navigate your way through 'Lada Land. You'll see the fresh tortillas being pressed right before your very eyes. Choose either corn or the half 'n' half corn & flour tortilla. They're thick, fluffy; big on texture and taste. If you're not in an enchilada mood, try a street taco. You'll get two of either, and stuff 'em with something like Roasted Tomatillo Chicken, Green Chile Pork Shoulder, Guajillo Braised Short Ribs, the melt-in-your-mouth Modelo Braised Bison, or other succulent stuffings. I happen to be a fan of the Sauteed Spinach Mushroom, too. Aaron's up with the "pollos" preparing the succulent viands at 4 a.m. No kidding!

Boo-ya! Smother it! Pick your sauce, pardner! Red, Green or "Christmas" style with both. They pop these comidas into a stone oven, and you get it piping hot.

Zoinks! You've also got time to add salsa-- and they've got four to choose from. Mix 'n' match! Top it with scratch-made crema (a smooth, Mexican sour
cream), cotija cheese, a crunchy, crisp cole slaw (we think it's fierce) and for a dollar more add sharp & creamy goat cheese, a griddle-fried egg or hand-smashed guacamole that's already rumored to be gaining a tasty reputation. Through the miracle of math, they've determined that there are 2,638,594 different combinations available. You won't get bored, believe me. You can even get a box of six enchiladas or tacos for $15 each to perk up your party. Talk about a bargain!

¡Ay karamba! Now you've got yourself a pair of fine enchiladas or tacos, señors y señoritas! A pair is right around the $6.75 mark and you can add a third for only $2 more.

Hey! Prefer something lighter"? Opt for a customizable, freshly chopped salad for $6.75. Feeling carnivorous? Add some meat for about two bits or so.

Dang! Soup is given short-shrift here with only one to choose from. (We hoped the "soup" might be plural. It isn't.) It's a dilly, however. It's Linda's (that's Aaron's frequently on-site mom) who offers up a delicious housemade Tortilla Soup for $3.95. We can't help but wish it came in a bowl, however, instead of a paper "to-go"- style cup.

¡Olé! If you really want a fiesta, try their 7th Street Sangria, Osborn Oro Margarita for $4 each, or a cool cerveza. That means, "beer." Currently "piped in," we're hoping they'll start brewing their ice tea, soon. Hint, hint.

Gadzooks! And that, amigos, is what they call, "the whole enchilada." You might even say the "F" word after you try 'em.