4 Stars.

Come here for the drinks if nothing else... After a couple of "Specials", you'll be really feeling it!

Again, one of my ol' haunts ten years ago. Richardson's has changed very, very little in that amount of time. The cuisine that Richardson's serves is supposedly New Mexican Mexican, but the entrees that I had reflected very little use of Chili Peppers which New Mexican cuisine is well-known for.

The only evident physical change I could see was a smaller wait-area where there was a few 3-4 person tables to sit at while you waited for your permanent booth was converted into a permanent table. Other than that, this was the same ol' Richardson's. One of the loudest, yuppiest crowds in all of Phoenix!

On the menu today...

Top Shelf Margarita Special (**** 1/2 $15.00) Don Julio Tequila, Prickly Pear, Orange Juice, and Lime Juice. Wow! Sweet and Toxic! With all the fruity ingredients... reminded me of a tropical drink.

Skewers (***** $15.00) Two Wood-Grilled Chicken, Beef Tenderloin, Pork Sausages, served over Wood Oven Roasted Sweet Onions... on a bed of Barbecue Beans, Mexican Rice, Barbecue Dip, and a Mustard Dip on a Flour Tortilla Bed. Defined as an Appetizer on the Lunch Menu, we decided to share this dish as a side order. Beef was tender and succulent! 

Green Chile Stew (*** 1/2 $14.00) Green Chile, Beef Tenderloin, Potatoes, and Carrots with Melted Cheddar Cheese over a Flour Tortilla. The most New Mexican of the entrees we had today... mainly because of the Green Chile which produced a serious bite to the Stew. Ruined, though, by the lack of knowledge of how to cook Carrots in a Stew! Carrots were almost raw... everything else in the Stew had been simmered for awhile, except for the Beef.... Carrots provided a crunchiness that was distracting and not needed in a Stew.

Gumbo Pasta (** $16.00) Black Bean Linguine in a Pepper Cream Sauce with Jumbo Shrimp, Sausage, Chicken, and Roasted Peppers over a Flour Tortilla. This was supposed to remind you of Gumbo? The only ingredients that are vaguely Gumbo-ish are just the Shrimp and the Sausage! NOT! Expected a lot more from this entree.

Service (****) Our waitress was pulling a double shift... Afternoons at Richardson's and Evenings at Rokerij (just up a few blocks on 16th Street). She was prompt, efficient, and talkative. When the evening rolls around, though, I notice that service drops off considerably... but that can be rectified by just stopping your waitress as she walks by... Simple.

In summary, a 26 year-old business that will last quite a few more decades. Recommended. Innovative entrees that work most of the time... but infrequently bombs, also.