I had no idea yayo taco existed before today.  Too bad, I would have eaten many a lunch there, it's the perfect place for a quick tasty bite with much more diversity than your typical taco shop.  

First, if you're a UNLV student or staff you have no excuse not to try yayo.  It's right by campus, and they have a $5 special now where you can get four tacos (pick and choose from their classic menu - add $0.50 each for the speciality tacos), plus two sides, plus a canned soda!  Holy crap, that's cheap!  And it's good...   If you're not a UNLV associate, prices are still affordable - 1.75 or 2.25 per taco plus some combination specials.

I went the veggie route and tried the traditional veggie, the tofu adobo (wasabi cream and adobo sauce), the tofu fuma (barbecue veggie and tofu), and a fried fish taco (California style - with crema fresca, guac, and cabbage slaw).  When I return, I'd like to try other menu items, but I'm definitely repeating the veggie and the fish taco.  The veggie taco was actually my favorite.  Instead of the usual "veggie" mix of blandly sauteed bell peppers and onions they actually use peppers with flavor - woah.  I'm assuming the pepper strips were poblano peppers, or an equivalent, they have just a hint of heat with lots of flavor.  The taco is topped with a roasted pepper crema - yum... Others at my table agreed that most of the tofu tacos were kind of "meh".  Their ideas of the flavor blends have great potential, but the execution seems to be a bit off - too much sauce, not enough 'fu.  Still worth a try once because the flavors can be interesting.  

For sides I got the quinoa salad - decent enough though a tad bland (I still appreciate that it's even on the menu), and the sweet potato fries (which were also "ok").  Next time I'm going for the plantain "chips" which are actually fresh pan fried plantains - I stole more than a couple off my friend's plate. YUM!

As an earlier reviewer said - they do this authentic style, corn tortillas only.  If you want a flour tortilla for your taco - this is not the place for you.  

Stop by and give this place a try!