We were just outside Barstow when the xanax & valium began to take hold.  Had we traveled with Hunter S. Thompson, we might have indulged in stronger pills all the different colors of the rainbow.  As it were, it was husband and wife in a dark green minivan on their way to Vegas for the weekend and we needed something to calm the road rage.  It took us 2.5 hours to get from Woodland Hills to the 15/215 junction.   For those of you that know the geography, that's fucking insane!   Anyway, it drove pretty well from that point on, but it still took us almost 6 hours to make the trek, so that blew our reservations at Boa Steakhouse that we'd made for 7:15.

My mother & stepfather, who'd been more intelligent than I (my wife had begged us to fly and I, stupidly, had said no) and had flown to Vegas from San Diego, suggested we try Pink Taco at the Hard Rock.  They'd eaten there before & loved it, so we took the car and headed out that way...

Let's just say it took a while to actually make it to Pink's, what with the incidental fact that the Killers were playing a show at the Hard Rock Cafe and, errr... it made it rather difficult to find parking anywhere around.

Cut to a table of 4 seated on the patio at Pink's.   Since this was our first time eating there, I ordered the Pink Taco and my wife got a massive huge burrito that... well, the name escapes me, but it tasted pretty good and had a good spicy kick to it.   The chips & salsas that they brought to our table were totally mackin', especially the verde salsa with roasted garlic, methinkst it was... Damn that was a really good salsa and we got a couple of rounds of that!

We didn't really drink excessively.... It's funny how psychologically you alter your behavior when you're around your parents, no matter how old you are.   So a glass of Chardonnay for me...   The large group of women clearly celebrating a Bachelorette Party next to us probably did 5 or 6 shots during the time we were seated (about an hour total).   Anyway, the food was good but this is the place you want to come at night and do some serious partying...   It's loud, it's all twentysomethings having a blast...and it's all good!   The food was good, but definitely not authentic, and a far stretch from what I've had in San Diego or even in LA.   Very good solid Mexican food, but not very genuine.

Minus one star for the big cockroach that was walking around the patio and made us slightly concerned about eating our dinners.   In Pink's defense, though, it was 106 at 9 PM so probably the cockroach was just looking for any kind of shelter or, slowly asphyxiating, was hoping some kind soul would step on it and end its suffering.   I would have obliged but my wife gave me a dirty look of disapproval.