It was Friday and I heard this was the spot to be at if you wanted a hell of a good time, a HOT place to be with latin dancing, great drinks and food, cool enviroment.  Too bad it was only lunch time, there wasn't any dancing going on.  I've been here a few times and their food is always good and I love the enviroment though I still have not been here at night when all the partying is happening, one day I will. They have Latin Nights on Friday and Sat with salsa dancing and a DJ. It suppose to be a 18+ event with no cover.

In the past I've had some of their sandwiches. The Sandwich Cubano as off of the menu "The traditional Cuban sandwich with tender roasted sliced pork, sliced ham, cheese, dill pickles and mustard on pressed Cuban bread" and with plantain chips. Tell me you don't want that just from reading it, at least I did.  Ate it and enjoyed it too. I've also had some beef sandwich but I'm not sure which one it was.  It was very good.

For this last time I wanted to try something different and asked the server for a recommendation that's not a sandwich. I almost always take what is recommended so lunch was the Lechon Asado a "slowly oven-roasted leg of pork, marinated in a mojo of lemon, garlic, lime, orange juice and spices" with moros which I was told it's was usually made on holiday's or something.  I liked the way the entire dish was explained to me when I ordered it as I was sold.  The dish as a whole was pretty good I did like the moros and the fluffy bread.  The pork leg was good just a liitle too citrusy for me but still good since I cleared my entire plate. I didn't get any plantain chips this time, which was a bummer.

There are a lot of ceiling fans, the a/c was flowing, latin music was playing, people were dining and drinking.  I really wanted to stay but I was only on my lunch break booo. They also have a lot of space to party at the bar, an outdoor patio, and lots of tables for when the party starts. There's also the movie theather next door and Mediterranean restaurant with belly dancing across the complex.  This is the complex to be at. LOL