Oh, Yayo Taco.  Where have you been all my life?

I would have never known about this place if it weren't for Yelp (thanks, Yelp!).  Tucked away in a corner of a half-empty shopping plaza with no real sign telling you the name of the place, I would have driven by a thousand times and been none the wiser.  But not this day.  I was informed and ready to get my taco on.

The reason I was so excited to get here was the rumor that they had vegetarian tacos.  Imagine my surprise when there was not just one, but FOUR tacos on the menu that were veggie-friendly.  No, seriously.  Imagine it.  I'll wait.

So my husband and I both ordered the combo which includes 4 tacos (I got one of each, of course), two sides, and a drink.  For our sides, we both got chips and salsa, I got the rice, and he got the fries.  While we waited for our food, we found a seat and instantly fell in love.

This place has a super fun, colorful, dive bar feel that my husband and I loved.  How could you not have a smile on your face when you see a couple sharks on the wall or a picture of a chick with a hook for a hand?  Although there is writing all over the walls and tables, that does not mean the place is dirty.  It was super clean.  If you can't handle some writing on your table then you should go back to the Strip to eat.

The combos are huge, so come hungry.  The rice was flavorful, the chips were perfectly cooked and salted, and even the fries were great (I wasn't expecting much there from a Mexican joint).  The tacos are loaded with onions, peppers, zucchini, and even some baby spinach.  I had to eat mine with a knife and fork so I didn't make a mess on the white shirt I inappropriately wore for the day.  The veggies weren't greasy like some other reviewers seemed to have a problem with and the tacos were loaded with lots of sauce.

I didn't have a 100% fairy tale experience here, and I'll tell you why.  Three of the four tacos looked and tasted pretty much the same to me.  I was having a hard time figuring out the difference between them.  Three of my tacos should have had tofu; one had a lot, another had a tiny bit, and the third had none at all.  Also, the tacos could have used a little more flavor-oomph.  

However, big props for having several choices for us veggie people, friendly service, and a fun atmosphere.  My husband and I are really excited to get back for some adult beverages.  And of course- eat up a couple veggie tacos.