Ttoday I am writing about Los Olivos Patio.  This is a place that I recommend to peeps when they want good mexican food and don't care about the looks of the place.  On those qualifications,Los Olivos would be a good fit.  Put it this way:  if you are looking for the hotties of Scottsdale, go RIIIGGGGHHHHT by this place.  I really think that they could do alot better with some cleaning up and  razing of a few areas.  But I guess.. if you are looking for good Mexican, maybe the grungier the better and the more real.  The cool thing about Los Olivos is that it has been in the same location with basically the same cooks and the same waitresses and the same family ownership since like the 50s.  You can't say that about many businesses anymore.  And that goes a long way towards what I think makes Mexican food good.. I wanna feel like I accidentally walked into someone's house in South Phoenix and the entire familia has gotten together for tia's cooking!  I have eaten at Los Olivos many, many times and I just think that the food is really done well. They have great chips and two kinds of salsa... hot and a chunkier, milder sauce.  Personally, I mix the two.  Their margaritas are addictive and my favorite restaurant item is their pollo asado- it is a mustard-marinated chicken breast that they serve with the requisite beans and rice and it is mucho good-o.  Their tortillas are made in the restaurant and I take a few of those, spoon some chicken on them, a lil' rice and beans and pico de gallo and whammie, a great taco that is reasonably low fat.  Hey, gotta keep my trim figure, right?  Their enchiladas are good as well.. lots of cheese and tasty.       

So I guess I like this place as my fave for Mexican done right.  YOu just have to look past the icky surroundings and realize that GOOD Mexican is not about the location but about the food.  You have to  look deeper than the outside, like with people.  Wow, that was deep- I may need to go have a pedi and hang out at Kierland Commons to get back to my normal shallow, artificial nature.