I'm well versed with Javier's. I spent plenty of nights at the old Laguna Beach location, and when they relocated it to Newport Beach, we used to spend a fair amount of time there as well.  I'm familiar with their food and drinks, so I was expecting the same great menu here.

I was early to meet my party, so I decided to have a cocktail at the bar. I ordered the Jalepeno Margarita, which was excellent by the way. So my drink is $15, I give him a $20, he gives me a $5 bill back (he didn't break the $5 down). Ok, so my next drink is made by a female bartender. She gives me back $3. 78, right down to the pennies. She charged me tax on my drink. WTF? Tax is ALWAYS included. And who gives back dimes, nickles and pennies? Same drink, two different bartenders, two different prices. It was a little annoying.

Onto the meal. Same great food I've had before. I ordered the Seafood Enchiladas, nice pieces of lump crab meat and shrimp in every bite. Light sauce, not too heavy. The beans and rice that come with meal, beans were really good, not greasy at all. Chips & salsa were really good. Salsa is probably some of the freshest I've had. 

Service, we were bombarded by three different people before and during our meal. It was too much. While we are still eating, he would come around and ask if we were done and if he could clear anything. Clearly we still have food on our plates, no we aren't done. I can't stand being rushed when I'm eating. If I want to talk during or after my meal, that's our business! Literally after seeing our plates empty, he came back around, starting clearing our plates and dropped our check off. Didn't offer coffee or dessert, he just made us feel rushed. Not cool. 

Ambiance. I liked the feel, the dark wood, dim lighting, Dia De Los Muertos figurines, I also liked the lounge area near the bar as well. This wouldn't be a date spot like others have suggested, the music was really loud in here and it was a bit dificult to have a conversation with the person next to you.