Fantastic day! My suggestion; Go in on a Sunday, around 4pm. The bar was pretty packed at this time of day, but the restaurant was empty.   Sit down in the restaurant area.  It is fun to watch the restaurant transition from a whimsical  Sunday Fun-day type atmosphere to an exotic and demure nightlife Restaurant.  Around 5pm, they begin to dim all of those gorgeous chandy's and close the thick shutters. Around 5:30pm, they start lighting and dispersing LOTS of little tiny votive candles to all the tables and wall mounted candelabras.   The restaurant is starting to fill little by little and the noise level goes from quiet to loud and bustling. The day shift is transitioning to night shift and the waiters are polishing their tables and preparing for a packed house. ( The restaurant is completely booked for dinner reservations ) The menu at this time of day is very simple as they are preparing for dinner.  But the simplicity of this menu makes it easy to order light hearted items.  The filet skewers and shrimp skewers are delicious.  Order the table side guacamole!! It is fantastic !  The bread pudding was delicious, but priced $2 cheaper on the menu than we were charged on our bill.  We were also charged for a chicken skewer $12, that we did not order.  We had to bring this to our waitress's attention after we received the bill. Good thing I doubled checked the bill as my husband didn't even look at it and just plopped his credit card down.  When I mentioned the discrepancy of pricing to the waitress. She took off the chicken skewer, but not the $2 additional charge for the bread pudding. We didn't push it, because who wants to be a bitch over $2, but just check your bill before you pay.  Overall, I loved they whole experience and I can't wait to go back!!!   Oh! I posted a picture of the bread pudding and the picture looks disgusting. Tried to delete the picture and I don't know how.  The bread pudding is delicious, even though the picture I took looks like bile topped with ice cream and bed bugs.