A bunch of reviews refer to this place as the "Hawaiian Chipotle"- while there are some similarities, I have to say, that's selling this place short!

Like Chipotle, you order by selecting your protein and choosing a bowl, burrito, tacos, or salad. You also have a lot of similar add-on options like black beans and grilled veggies, and later, an awesome guac.

Like Chipotle, the protein options here are tasty- but I can find a chicken burrito on nearly every corner. I can't find huli huli chicken or kaluah pig very easily at all- and here, both are phenomenally well done!

But what makes this place really stand out, in addition to the tasty island flavor, is the service- when I walk into a place and am greeted by the owner himself, it means something to me. Chatted with the guy for a bit and he is clearly dedicated to this business and it's success- this is not another place where the owner is MIA and leaves a manager in charge of running things. He's right there, interacting with everyone who walks through the door. Major props.

And the food doesn't disappoint! I was offered samples of the pork and chicken when I walked in- both were delicious, but I ultimately went with the kaluah pork salad bowl, lite on the seaweed rice, plus black beans and grilled veggies, both the corn salsa and the tomato/onion salsa, a sprinkle of cheese and cilantro, and a side of guac.
It was amazing. The meat is tender, plentiful and flavorful, the veggies are fresh and not overcooked, the corn salsa is mild and adds a good extra punch to the dish, and the tomato-onion salsa adds a tiny bit of heat. Don't be turned off by the "spicy" label, it's not bad at all. 

And the portion size is humongous. I can put away quite a bit of food, but only half of my salad. I used my fork to take additional scoops of guac every few bites, and it really added an extra dimension to the dish- the bright acidity and slight saltiness were great.

If you look closely, up by the soda dispensers, there are various bottled sauces and salsas to add that extra bit of island flavor to your dish- and they're not just a selection of various bottles. Oh no. They're Braddah's Island Style-brand bottles with what I can only assume is the company's own sauces- a pineapple jalapeno one added a splash of sweetness and spice to mine, but I steered clear of the mango habanero- sounded like a dangerous territory for my tastebuds!

All in all, I'm very pleased with this place. Props for the great location, too: several tourists and visitors leave the strip to get to Hash House, which is just on the other side of the corner. It stands to reason once this place builds up a reputation, that they'll be getting some of that traffic, too!

Gonna have to try the huli huli salad next time. Grab a Yelp deal for half-off trying this place- if your experience is anything like mine, you'll be back. 

A final note to the owner: you're doing it right, keep it up, this place is great!