We went for dinner and I have to say the only reason this place didn't get 5 stars was for a couple of little things during the dining process yet overall it was fantastic. What I will say that I loved most was that no matter if your a carnivore like my husband or vegan/ vegetarian such as my self they had tacos, burritos, and anything many options for you. Unlike some places these vegetarian or vegan options only consist or tofu, well thank your lucky stars people....we have finally found a place that serves us real tacos without tofu as the only option!!! There are 4 options actually, one that's a mushroom and grilled onion blend that I tried and loved...it doesn't come topped with cilantro and onions so I added it but, you can add the topping you prefer. Also a grilled veggie, which I also had which is topped with cilantro, onion, Pico, and guacamole, it's absolutely fantastic as well. They had two other options as well but, I don't remember off hand, that I didn't try and will save untill next time. The only reason I dropped a star in this area was because, though my tacos were fantastic and the person making was knowledgeable and helpful. I had no idea what was going on when I first arrived. I literally was waiting in the same line with my husband looking at the three menus trying to compare to see if I just ask them to make mine with those options. I was clueless as to what I was to do at first. The guy behind the meat counter not helping my husband offered me no help what so ever. It wasn't until my husband told me where to order that I finally placed my meal. We also decided on buying chips, though they have some in a pan with a heat lamp and we came on a night when not to busy, we received the ones prepared in the togo box cold and stale. Other than those two things, I highly recommend coming and trying this little street taco place in Henderson, especially if your vegetarian or vegan. Oh by the way my husband says the meat tacos were delicious as well! Recommend the pork over the carne asada though....yet, both were fabulous! On another note so was the salsa bar! Thanks Taco Y Taco!!!