Driving down this part of Hayden and away from Old Town Scottsdale, you wouldn't expect to find the treasure that is Carlsbad Tavern.

Can't tell you how many times I've drove past it on my work runs, promising I'd give it a go. Well, that someday was two weeks ago (a Friday night) and . . . Well . . . Mind has been blown! 

The atmosphere here is refreshing coupled with attentive service. Maybe this is the margarita talking, but really did feel like I stepped into a cavern. Gorgeous patio surrounded by water and fountains, which is why we opted to sit out there. 

Great for larger groups; also the perfect ambience for a summer date night. Emphasis on night, since we all know how hot it gets here.

Free chips and salsa when you check-in on Yelp. Was it that spicy? Nah. But it didn't TASTE like someone scooped it out of a jar. The green / tomatillo sauce was especially tangy. Also, the chips had some sort of seasoning on them which was a nice touch. 

That Cruzan Pineapple Margarita? No bueno; he tenido mejor sin una carga de Triple Sec. 

Tip: When you look at the menu, it gives you warnings about the spice levels. Unlike many restaurants around the Valley that employ this practice, they aren't joking, so prepare to eat once, enjoy twice if you don't heed them. Whoa, sorry, that was wholly inappropriate! :) 

Also, if you're looking for Green Chile, you won't be disappointed. The menu has an entire section devoted to just that. 

I had the Green Chile Burrito with Machaca; the Dude tried the Enchantment Platter. Woweeee! My ears were ringing all night after this. The Machaca wasn't tough, which was nice. Los Dos Molinos? Watch out, you've got some competition. 

The Enchantment Platter had one of the best Chile Rellenos I've had that wasn't homemade by someone's Nana. Read: Not eggy or soggy. 

Massive portions, took the other half home.  

Gave the Sopas a try after reading Ursula D.'s review. Wow!!!!

Is it a true New Mexico experience? Not sure. But Carlsbad Tavern certainly delivered in the spicy "melt your face off" department!