Returned again for dinner before First Friday and enjoyed the nice evening October weather by sitting outside. 

Service was a dud this time, with our one waiter and one busboy running all around town.  It took forever to get our order in, to get plates, to get our check, to pay for the bill, etc.  Service was just lacking altogether.  By the time we did get our plates (which we had requested early on), our food was not hot.  Reminders about more chips, beans, and salsa were forgotten.

Food was still good though!  Chips with warm refried beans and cheese and hot salsa are always a joy to munch on here.  Our party of three ordered a few dishes to share.

* Carnitas de Puerco con guacamole, arroz, frijoles y pico de gallo ($8.99) - Generous amount of shredded pork.  More than enough for one person.  And it was moist and tasty, not dry at all.

* 3 Enchiladas de Pollo con arroz y frijoles ($9.99) - It was good, not my favorite of the bunch. I spent more time eating everything else.  We chose the chicken for all three, although you can get beef or cheese as well.

* Carne Asada (estilo Casa Don Juan) con arroz, frijoles y guacamole ($10.99) - A decent size piece of steak covered with onions.  It took forever to cut with the butter knife they give.  They either have to cut it in strips or give you a steak knife so you can cut into it better.

We also ordered three micheladas.  But the waiter said it's called something else when there's hot sauce in it.  I forgot.  Oh well.  But it was pretty good nonetheless.

There was a slight discrepancy with the bill where they charged us for another beer.  It's always a pain to find things added on your bill and having to get them to fix it.  So double check your bill when dining here.

Overall, it's still a great place for Mexican food with great atmosphere.  Wonderful people watching when sitting outside, but it always seems lively when I pop in to use the loo.  (Not sure how the atmosphere outside would be should it not be First Friday.)

3.5 stars.

(Pics posted from our dinner!)