I had heard about Chino Bandido and knew that Guy Fieri had it on "Triple D" as a must go to place so when an out of town coworker asked where's a good place to go for lunch, how could I resist trying this place?  So many people I know either want Chinese or Mexican for lunch, this is the best fusion of both worlds.

I *LOVE* spicy food!  For me, the hotter the better.  If I can still speak and breathe and my eyes aren't watering, I don't see how they can really call it "spicy."

This being said, I went straight for the SUICIDE PLATTER!!!  I was NOT disappointed!  I had the Jerk Chicken, Pollo Diablo with Cuban style hot black beans, and Jerk fried rice.  They provided a warm snickerdoodle cookie for dessert.  *swoon*

The chicken dishes were all so nice and juicy and yes they definitely activated the heat-seeker in me.  As for the Cuban style hot black beans, they brought on flashbacks of how my Aunt (from Cuba) used to make them when I was a kid and lived near her.  Wish I had the recipe but they unfortunately declined so I'll be hitting up my Aunt for her recipe.

When friends, coworkers and relatives are in town I always tell them to go to Chino Bandido and downright beg to go with them!

The only reason this isn't five stars may sound silly to most people, but it is the portion size.  It is just way too much food for me.  Seriously.

By all means, DO SAMPLE THE DIFFERENT FOODS...  Find what you like and piece together your own combination "Takee-Outee" (taken straight off the menu, they said it) even though most eat right there.  

Yes, it is extremely busy.  That's a good sign!

If I hadn't been going straight for the Suicide Platter because I wanted to see just how hot/spicy their food truly was without sacrificing taste (or tastebuds), I would have gotten one of many other tasty dishes I sampled.

The Jade Red Pork was delicious, as was the Emerald Chicken which was so tender it practically melted in my mouth.  I sampled the Carnitas, Chile Relleno, Hengrenade Chicken too and all were wonderful.  Machaca...yummy!

For me, it is a bit of a drive but well worth the trip!  It was a no-brainer when I worked 5 minutes from there.
Wish I could give it 4.75 stars.