Had brunch here a few days ago. It was a very nice spot. The place is small but not cramped. Kind of intimate seating. The sunlight came in and really lit up the place without making it too bright. It's hard to explain but it was very nicely lit. They also had very interesting lighting fixtures. Really helped to pull the place together. 

They had a DJ playing some latin music. It wasn't too loud, just enough to have nice ambiance. Really liked it, it reminded me of my parent's house or something. They also had some interesting drinks, like watermelon mimosas. I was recovering from a hangover so alcohol was the last thing I actually wanted. It was still nice to see a variation on the normal mimosa. 

The brunch menu had some classic Mexican dishes like Huevos Rancheros and such. They also have pork belly eggs benedict, which of course sounded delicious. Ordered that and the Filet Mignon stir-fry. 

The presentation was gorgeous, although maybe the plates were a little too big. The food. The food was good. My filet mignon stir fry's egg needed salt for sure. Nothing was really missing, just needed a little something. I can't put my finger on it. Now with the atmosphere and the prices, you would expect the food to be just a little something more. It wasn't bad at all, it was good. Just had that moment of, does the food justify the price?

But that's not what it's all about. The service was excellent. Our waiters were always there. Helping with waters and any orders. They refilled our waters often and made sure our chip basket never got empty. The food did take a minute to come out, but we didn't even notice. We were focused more on the attentive service. Even the owner came by and checked on us and asked us how we enjoyed the meal. 

It was so refreshing to have excellent service. You may think that the prices are a little higher than normal for the food, but with the service you are getting, I think they did a fine job justifying it. 

This place may not be for everyone. Myself, I don't mind the dimly lit Mexican hole in the wall restaurants whose version of presentation is how to fit all of a chimichanga into a foam container. This place, though, was very clean, nicely lit, and the food was well made. I'd definitely check this place out.