Senor Frogs visited 8/15 (Saturday)

Today, it seems like everyone is offended by everything and that the slightest thing will tick someone off.  These reviews for Senor Frogs are just ridiculous, people demand so much perfection, its actually hilarious reading these and how pathetic each individual sounds.  By the way, if you want perfection, then go to a 4 star $100+ restaurant; quit wasting everyone's time complaining.  Regardless, Senor Frogs, what a great place!  I purchased the groupon ($20 for $40) and the Yard drink groupon ($33 for 2 yard drinks)

Waited about 15min to be seated, they can take your phone number down and text you when your table is available, so it's not biggie going inside TI to play some, instead of waiting in the very small waiting area, definitely a nice perk.  

Let's start off with the food, I went with the burrito and my fiancee went with the fajitas, we also ordered the chips/salsa.  The burrito was unreal, and hard to finish, the fajitas were very filling as well.  Again, not sure what people are complaining about when they say the portion sizes are small??..

Yard Drinks, well, they already have a BOGO, so the groupon is pointless, unless you can snag a promotional discount on groupon (like I did; extra 20% off purchase) which makes it worth buying.  The drink was delicious and they did not cheap on alcohol.  

Atmosphere is great; the DJ kept giving away free shots (like every 5 minutes), and entertained with great club like music.  He also made sure to get everyone involved (singing along, clapping, etc).  I guess if you are boring and do not like fun, exciting, loud crowd involvement, then this place is not for you, and you should probably stick to eating at a senior center, though, I have heard those places can get out of control as well.  

I will say, without the groupon the prices are slightly steep, but remember, NOTHING is cheap in Vegas, groupon and travelzoo make it way easier to save money, so take advantage of it!

Would definitely 100% eat here again