Went here after googling best mexican restaurants in Tempe. We had 6 adults who were looking for a good mexican lunch on Sunday. Once in the restaurant we all were a little concerned about actually staying and eating. The place is old and outdated. The center was being re-painted and all establishments had hanging plastice banners to identify each business.

The entrance has some old outdated video game welcoming you along with an A-frame marketing board leaning against the wall. The tables were old formica topped. My first inclination was this place needed some major TLC. Not being judgemental on the patrons but they mostly seemed to fit in to the whole ambiance. I did enjoy the family pictures.

Having some sort of tablecloths (preferably linen) on the tables would have gone a long ways to classing the place up...that and cleaning up the entrance...remember in business the first impression is the perception of your establishment. 

As we finally told our waiter we were still deciding if we were going to eat that we would most likely just have chips and salsa and drinks. He seemed to take it happy go lucky. As we were ready to leave along comes Tony from the kitchen...come to find out it is Tony Reynoso, owner of the restaurant. He somehow got the message we were reluctant to eat at his place. He told the waiter to get us a cheese crisp on him and then told us his whole story and how wonderful the food was. His description of the Bollo Burro made us all stay and try the food. The cheese crisp is wonderful. The difference is the tortilla and they butter one side of it before putting on the cheese.

 I rate a good mexican restaurant by 3 things first; the chips (they were the worst part of the whole experience, almost store bought texture and flavor) salsa (this was very good and we also asked for the hotter house version which was even better) and beans (these were the bomb as they were made with lard;the real mexican way). The enchilada style bullo burro was excellent along with the fabulous beans and rice. Everyone had a nice meal and we all vowed to return.

This review just goes to show do not judge all restaurants by their ambiance (even though for me to make this part of my rotating restaurant list it would need to be cleaned up and classed up a bit). Without an astute owner and determined business acumen in Tony we would have left, not enjoyed the great food and not have spent $135 on lunch for 6. Thanks Tony, well done to a passionate restaurant owner!