Had lunch here on Saturday and overall it was very good. We were greeted enthusiastically at the door, which was kind of funny, but also a much better welcome than many other restaurants. 

I'll start with the good:

Drinks came out quickly, and were refilled often, and once we ordered the food, it came out very quickly as well. 

The food was very good. The chips, salsa, bean dip and grilled veggies they start you off with were all very yummy. We enjoyed all of it. My husband felt the salsa was too spicy, but I loved it. He is a bit of a weenie with the spice ;-)

We had the flaming fajitas for two, with steak and shrimp, and flour tortillas. They came with rice and beans, sour creme, guac and pico on the side. All the sides were great, tasted very fresh. Even my husband remarked on how much he liked the rice and I don't think I have heard him say a word about rice, ever, so that definitely stood out. He also really enjoyed the steak. Oh, and our meal also came with a noodle type soup which was very good. 

While the fajitas for two are not cheap (26.95, I think?) when it came out it was A LOT of food, and we felt it was a really good value for all you got, and the quality of the food you got. 


The "not so much bad, but more the reason for 4 stars instead of 5":

The only thing that I thought was a little less than impressive was the shrimp, and tortillas. The shrimp, while very good, didn't really have any seasoning to it, so on their own were a little boring, but mixed in with everything else, were still good. The flour tortillas didn't taste home-made, more like store bought, again, perfectly fine, but something to mention.

Also, while everyone seemed very friendly our service was a little on the slow side. We made eye contact (with closed menus) a few times with the waiter before he came over to take our order, and then at the end, when I thought it was obvious we were done, we had to ask for the check, again after making eye contact a few times. Obviously, not a big deal at all, and we still were very happy with the experience.

So with all that said, I am glad I followed the advice of fellow yelpers and checked this place out. One of the better mexican food experiences we have had in Vegas for sure. We will be back :-)