When I heard there was an Asian/Mexican fusion restaurant I just had to try it. I went there last night with my husband and cousim to check it out. I made reservations on Opentable.com for 630p. A nice girl called me earlier in the day to confirm my reservation which I thought was very nice - for a Monday night reservation...I would highly reccomend making a reservation because it is a new restaurant in Scottsdale (also near Paradise Valley) which tends to draw a lot of dinner guests. It was packed last night and we left at 830pm. The restauant sits on Scottsdale Rd but you enter from the other side where there seems to be a moderate amount of parking. For some reason. Of course there are 'those' lamborginis and/or ferarris that just cant park in the normal parking spots but dont be fooled by those - its just scottsdale/paradise valley. The amibiance is great with bright colors a nice center bar and table seating both in and outdoors. We sat inside near the 2 huge TV's hanging over the bar. At first I thought the TVs were going to be distracting but actually they blended in even though you couldnt miss them. 
We had a great waiter but didnt catch his name. He reccomended the guacamole with crab which was amazing. We also ordered the Tuna Tacos, rock shrimp, pork belly roll and chilean sea bass skewers. They were ALL awesome :) They offer very interesting items with a lot of great flavor combinations. I do think it is a little expensive. The skewers were $12 and you git six small pieces of fish - but on the bright side it was so tasty you forget about the price. 
For dessert we ordered the Tres Leche Cake and OMG - to die for!!! There is a marshmallow crust on top that is lightly browned and a chocolate rice crispy treat to balance out the flavors. It really was one of the best desserts I have ever had. 
I will definately return in the future. I did notice some snobby patrons but arent they everywhere? I have nothing bad to say about SumoMaya - great new restaurant and I am excited to plan another trip back.