A fine start for Frijoles I must say.   Now that I'm becoming older and wiser to Yelp ways, it takes more than a fancy 4.5 star average to impress me, particularly in the first few months of a business opening.   It IS enough to get me to read through the reviews though, and what struck me as appealing is that the owner seemed to be very involved in answering any/all critical reviews, and not only that, but they seemed to be adjusting on the fly to customer complaints and demands.   I always like to see that level of commitment and care.   

I pretty much knew what I wanted when I entered, and ordering was quick, painless, and friendly.   I went with a mini taco trio and something I saw in the Yelp pics: a combo Pineapple/Strawberry Agua Fresca.   The drink was made instantly and it was love at first sip.   I had noticed a sign that refills were only $1 (the drink itself is $2.50), and I kid you not I was considering trying to drink it all down as fast as I could to indulge in this bargain.   Sadly they were done with my tacos pretty quickly and I was on my way.   Definitely one of my biggest regrets of my life as later back in my office I ran out and craved more.   

As for the tacos, I went with two of my usuals: cabeza and pastor, and decided to go against my third usual lengua for the carne asada because it seemed like Frijoles really hypes up their carne on their facebook.   I'm not sure if they're just pandering to the eaters that are terrified to venture beyond the realm of chicken and carne, but I thought it might be their specialty so to speak and gave it a shot.  

1)  Cabeza:  It was a good version but I feel I've had better.   Not really sure what could put one cow's head ahead of another (maybe seasoning of the meat?) but it didn't wow me here.  It was still good enough for me to scarf down in 4 bites.   I'd try it again

2)  Pastor:  Best I've ever had.   I'm not some taco connoisseur or anything unlike those maniacs who participate in the Yelp Taco Treks, but I've had maybe 7-8 varieties of Pastor tacos around the valley and this one just hit that sweet spot with a perfect balance of the pork with pineapple.   Perfect.

3)  Carne Asada:   I should have known better, but this didn't really do much for me.   The meat was dry, though it did have a nice flavor otherwise.  It's pretty much what I expect from Carne Asada at most restaurants, I was just hoping it'd be different I guess.   I'll chalk that up to my error as I'm sure most Carne fans would have dug it.

The red salsa was a nice version, not unlike you can find at most decent taco shops, but the green one they provided had an odd texture for me.   It was goopey if that word even exists.   If I turned over the container it wouldnt spill all over my desk immediately, but would slowly ooze out.   That rubbed me the wrong way so I stuck with the red.   

So my list of demands should you choose to accept them:
1)  Figure out why the cabeza didn't blow me away
2)  Liquefy the green salsa
3)  Free Al Pastor Tacos and Agua Frescas to Yelp Reviewers during weekdays.

Next time I might get 3 Pastor tacos and that same drink so expect a potential bump to 5 stars at some point.