I came here with several friends a couple of months ago.  I convinced them to give it a try, since my labmate and the reviews seemed to indicate that it's the most genuine (sit down) Mexican restaurant in the city.  Given PGH's paucity of good Mexican options, I was excited to try it out!  The space was plenty large enough for our group, and we were seated without any wait, etc. on a Sat. evening at 6pm.

We started off with some margaritas.  Two of my friends opted for the mango variety, and I chose the strawberry one, which I split with another friend.  They were both delicious!  Per other reviewers' recommendations, we split the salsa sampler with green and sweet mango salsas.  This comes with a batch of their chips, made fresh in-house.  While I expected to like the mango salsa best, I found that I actually preferred the green salsa, as the mango was a bit too sweet for my taste.  If possible, I'd recommend trying several salsa varieties to see which you like best, as tastes vary!

Next, we ordered entrees.  After much deliberation, I chose the mole enchiladas, which came with refried beans and rice.  While the enchiladas themselves were good, I wasn't a huge fan of the mole sauce--it was a bit too bitter for my taste.  The food was definitely quite filling, however, to the extent that I was unable to finish it.  If/when I return, I will order something different--perhaps the chiles rellenos, which my labmate recommends.  One of my friends, who grew up in Honduras and Peru, ordered the fajitas.  Holy Toledo, talk about a lot of food!  Although he has a decent appetite, he ended up taking half of it home for later consumption.  We definitely concur that the food is very genuine, so don't come here expecting Tex-Mex.

Service was generally okay, but I have one complaint.  When we ordered the margaritas, the waiter carded us, which is understandable given the laws and that all of us are in our twenties.  We arrived at different times, and he carded two of my female friends when they sat down, saying he had to be fair, etc.  However, he did not card my male friend, who arrived last, despite that he was not the oldest in the group.  I could be misreading the situation, but as it stands, this seemed a bit misogynistic.