Who knew this little Disneyland-esque restaurant existed in Cave Creek! I've been told by my parents that I came here when I was little but for some reason, I experienced memory-loss, because I don't remember any prior visits. With that being said, I'm mad at my memory for forgetting a cute spot so easily!

I love anyplace with a little atmosphere. The food doesn't even have to be phenomenal if the atmosphere exceeds expectations. When I visit a restaurant, I want to leave reality and enjoy a meal in la-la land. El Encanto provides that.

At this little oasis in the desert, this quaint restaurant is situated amongst cowboy tourist trap central, but there's nothing cowboy about this place. El Encanto provides a fun Mexican meal atmosphere. As you walk in through the courtyard, you notice tables surrounding a large pond of several ducks and swans. Yes swans! As the waitress put it, "it's great for the guests and especially children...but not so great for me who has to feed them!" I'm still not sure of the origin for why the ducks are there but it definitely adds to a atmospheric experience! The restaurant has Mexican tile and decor and it provides a fun experience for families, couples on a date or friends!

The food was definitely above par. The margaritas were tasty! We went with a pitcher since we were going to order several and here's a little tip...the waitress said that three margaritas come in a pitcher, but it definitely came out to be more like 4 (maybe just under). So it's definitely worth ordering a pitcher when you compare the price of a pitcher versus the price of an individual glass.

Second up, the guacamole. Delicious! They put cheese on top and it adds a nice little zing to the creamy guac. For my entree, I went for the Pollo Fundido. Here's the thing. It was delicious. Incredibly delicious. However, it was way to fatty and creamy for my waistline. That being said, it was still deliciously and filling. I could barely eat half of it so it might be worth sharing.

I would definitely make the drive to Cave Creek to visit El Encanto again.