Came here for happy hour on a Friday afternoon. Glad we went around 4:30ish because it definitely picked up when we're there!

First, their happy hour is really good! 50% off starters and margaritas and well cocktails..now did it make me happy? Not when I got the check...but I'll get to that later.

We ordered the warm queso blanco and cheese quesadilla..(which I thought we ordered the chicken quesadilla...but we'll get to that later too) and a Moscow Mule and Pineapple Daly. We asked our waitress if the Moscow Mule counted as a well cocktail, and she said yes, it'll be 50% off.

The chips and salsa were so good!! The salsa has a spicy kick to it, and got spicier towards the end of the meal. The cheese dip was sooo good too!!! For $1.50?! Yes! Our cheese quesadilla arrived at the same time, and I said, "I thought we ordered the chicken quesadilla." My boyfriend said he ordered the cheese quesadilla, so I was like oh okay. The guy who delivered it (who seems to be the manager/owner?) said, and with a smile, that he would switch it for us because he wanted to make our order right! We were totally fine with the cheese quesadilla though, so we didn't have him change it. Then a little later, he comes back with a side of braised chicken so we can have the best of both worlds! WOW! So nice of him! And glad we tried the quesadilla with the chicken, because it's so good!!!

The place was very nice and lively, and my boyfriend ended up getting 3 moscow mules because he's happppy! Well, then the check came. I noticed that my Pineapple Daly was not on happy hour...my bad because I mistook signature cocktails as well cocktails. In my opinion though, since we ordered everything else from happy hour...our waitress should of mentioned that my drink wasn't 50% off. But in the end, it's my bad. Oh side note, the Pineapple Daly wasn't that good. Can definitely taste the pineapple juice...eh. The Moscow Mules though, were $6 each..we asked the waitress, and she said it's 50% on the well vodka, which makes it $3.75, and there's an upcharge of $2.25 for the ginger beer and other stuff. Like what? The lime juice? Really disappointed in that...does not make sense at all....She said it's 50% well cocktails...not 50% well vodka and then an upcharge of everything else. 

Well that was a sad way to end our time there. But anyways...besides that, everything else was enjoyable!! Would definitely go back...this time without any drinks.