OK, we went to the "new" Asi Es La Vida last night after watching all of the sign changes and "now open" signs come and go over the last several months. Here's the scoop: the original owners sold it in June and it became La Taz de Oro or something like that for about 3 months, then those owners left and the original owners took it back. They were in Mexico in the fall and were delayed getting back to reopen Asi Es La Vida, plus they had to go through inspection processes all over again, so they didn't open until November, and here we are. And it is exactly the same as the last time I went! All that change, and nothing changed. Kind of funny.

I have one complaint. Before we went, I looked up their menu online and saw that it had changed dramatically from the last time we were there. I remembered fancy Mexican food with a high price tag, and the menu online boasts your more low-brow enchiladas and tacos fare for much lower prices. I thought, cool, a new neighborhood Tex-Mex joint that won't break the bank. But the menu is EXACTLY the same as before all of the changing of hands, the only change being that they brought all of the prices down about $2. So I don't get the online menu and they should definitely update that. 

Anyway, the food is very good, as usual. High end Mexican. Still no chips or bread to start. And the weird TV-Dinner rice is still on the plate...they must have just called their old distributors when they reopened. 

We shared the queso fundido with chorizo, which comes with corn tortillas and a variety of salsas. Excellente and spicy. Then I had a bowl of Crema de Cilantro, which was rich and creamy and almost smoky...would love to recreate at home. Entrees: I had a combo of mole and ropa vieja. The ropa was a tad on the salty side, which I like but others might not. The mole was superb. Hubby had a steak filet with chipotle sauce...he said it was excellent.

The service, as usual, was impeccable...they strive to make their customers feel like they are dining at the Ritz. 

Oh, and now it is BYOB, so that's new.