My friend talked up Chef Jose Andres so much on a (sorta) recent trip to DC that the name stuck, and after seeing it tagged to China Poblano at the Cosmopolitan, I figured it was destiny calling and just had to try it. 

I'm not really of the belief that culinary experiences, however life-changing they may be, should break the bank and I'll just tell you now that for two people, drinks, four small plates and dessert, came in at about a couple dollars over 100--but make an exception for this place because it was pretty effing good. 

Just know what to order. 

The 18 Monk Noodle was so amazing. You don't even realize the noodles are whole wheat, because they're just so good with the sauce and the shitakes. Our waiter suggested we opt for the Tuna Ceviche as opposed to the Ceviche Pargo and I could've, no wait--should've hugged him for it. The tuna was so fresh. The soy it was bathed in and amaranth seeds that topped it really enhanced the fish in a way that is pretty indescribable. 

We also ordered the Queso Fundido, and the XO Scallops in XO Sauce. I wouldn't recommend either because you didn't really come here for melted cheese and I don't want you to pay $18.88 for two golf-sized scallops, respectively. That was our mistake--but don't make it yours! A side note, they were both good, but not great and your hard earned dollars deserve GREAT, okay?

After dollar signs kept racing through my head as I tried to figure out the damage, I wasn't really up to pay another double-digit figure for dessert, but the lady next to us devoured her Mango Sticky Rice in a matter of minutes, so we thought, we'd come this far. #YOLO 

Anyways, it was so incredibly good! It's not your traditional Thai-place-MSR by any means. It's so light and airy and everything in it just works so well that as I write this all I really want to do is drive down to the Cosmopolitan in my jammies and order it. 

As far as the service, and given it was a Tuesday night, we got seated right away. Our waiter, Miller, was awesome! He didn't shy away from putting his two-cents when he knew we were making potentially catastrophic mistakes trying to decide what to eat and God bless him for it.