My boyfriend and I ended up here on an early Saturday afternoon after our favorite sushi place let us down with their inconsistent hours.....again....and since we were scheduled for a house showing nearby, we decided to try something else in the area. 

I do believe, once upon a time, I stumbled upon this establishment in search of some better, close-to home Mexican offerings, b/c lets be honest--Arriba's is nothing special--however, i don't recall seeing such a positive review for this place so i was a little skeptical to go against my fellow yelpers, and to trust my boyfriends "better" judgement. 

Nevertheless, we arrived and were promptly greeted and brought to our table. Granted, they had just opened, so it's not like they were doing much else. I was a little taken back with their menu, as i truly expected menu items such as what you'd see at every generic Mexican restaurant...and their pricing was a little higher than expected....i admit, i was a little curious, and slightly ready to walk out b/c me and new things, well, lets just say we're not well acquainted. 

Now, if I weren't in a good mood, i'd take away a star for the lack of communication skills our server had, outside of telling us their food is "hot"....later confirming, he means spicy hot AND temperature hot. Great...because a) i don't like cold food, and b) i suppose it's always good to know things are naturally hot before dumping extra salsa on my food for some extra heat. WHEW! I digress....

So here's how it went

-waters to drink (I was fighting a cold...so i can't speak of their bar tending skills....although i will say i was delightfully surprised with their selection and overall decor. very nice)

- chips & salsa:
chips weren't soggy/greasy, were warm & had nice flavor while the salsas were kickin' with heat and very flavorful....and most importantly, didn't like as though it came from a jar!

-boyfriend ordered chicken enchilada and added green chili, and i ordered a blue corn tamale with some weird named spicy pork that i don't remember:
both were ordered a la carte, and were sized exceptionally well. I don't know how people could make either of those a combo with rice and beans, because i struggled with one measly tamale. But don't let it stop you from trying!

I whole heartedly was blown away with the amount of flavors that came pouring into my mouth with this tamale. Even with a cold i could taste them, and the spiciness was there without being too intense that you couldn't enjoy the meal. 

boyfriends had cheese, so I couldn't try any and fill you in, but his empty plate and constant praise is a HUGE indication. And because none of you know him, let me just tell you, he NEVER raves about food...ever. 

We will definitely be going back, maybe for dinner and add some cocktails just to see how much game this place really has. But give it a shot...i'm glad i did!