Braddah's Island Style is often referred to as the "Hawaiian Chipotle". While agree that the process and ordering is the same, the food here is not comparable to Chipotle, because it is very different. The meats are different because they are marinated in different sauces - in fact, when I order steak and chicken at Chipotle, there's no marination going on. Also, toppings are different, especially their choice of salsas, which are very different from your typical mild, medium, and hot at Chipotle.

I could go on comparing the two, but I should really get on with what is GOOD about Braddah's, and what makes them STAND OUT as a fast food chain, and not necessarily another "Chipotle" (also remember there is Zaba's and Qdoba...). 

I've had the Huli Huli Chicken and the Pulehu Steak - I prefer the Chicken. The steak, while good, was too much on the sweet side for me. I've had bowls, tacos, and burritos from Braddah's. All of them are very good.

Salsas are the main stars, in my opinion. Giving you options to choose from mild to hot - each of the salsas are good in their own way - charred pineapple verde gives some sweetness because of the pineapple, mango and roasted corn give a hearty flavor with extra oomph from the corn kernels, and tomato with grilled Maui onions is my favorite because it gives you the HEAT.

Not to be left out is the coconut bark - a delicious sweet/salty/crunchy/smooth dessert. It's one of those creations that is on-par with Cheetohs, because Cheetohs are so wonderful - crunchy, cheesy, pleasing - same goes for coconut bark, it gives you so many feels, smells, and tastes you're left wondering how you could have been living without having had it.

Service on the night I went to this particular location was SLOW. I felt as though service could have been picked up a bit, but other than that I have no complaints. The food is totally worth the price points. When I crave Chipotle I will go to Chipotle, but if I want something different - I will come here.