I enjoy good food and good happy hour specials, and El Segundo has them both. I have gone to eat here several times, mostly for happy hour, and have only been just a little bit disappointed. Just a smidge.

Happy Hour: Truly one of the best on the strip. GREAT food selection (go straight to the chicken, pork or beef tacos, DO NOT PASS GO), margaritas are delicious, not too sweet, not bland or watered down with mix. Service is good each time we go to El Segundo. We love the nachos, not too much cheese, love the jalepenos for that extra kick without being too aggressive. GET THE CRAB TOSTADA. REAL crab, not heavy on the mayo or dressing, PERFECT. YUM. NOW. HH gives you food in the perrfect size. It is a great HH, and perfect for a few quick bites to refuel while running amock on the strip.

Inside Restaurant: Now here is where my desire to give only three stars comes into play. Since I was so used to the delicious street tacos and nacos and oh yes, that crab tostada I was a little displeased with the restaurant fare. I strongly dislike, borderline HATE overcooked food. I've done it before, but that was in the privacy of my own home and rarely at a restaurant. The shrimp was VERY overcooked. Disappointed, especially since the shrimp were plump and looked delicious sitting on the fajita plate. Maybe it sat for too long? Heat lamp cooking? I got my way through it by smothering the shrimp with their DELICIOUS cilantro rice (seriously, I could have eaten a copious amount of that rice) and beans. However, the next time I came back and had the chicken tacos? SAME THING. DRY. Oh, I just don't think that dry chicken should ever be served to a table. If someone could say the food on their plate is dry, DO NOT SERVE IT. Even by looking at it I could see that it was dry.

However, between their killer happy hour and their AMAZING AMAZING AMAZINGA tableside guacamole, I'm confident in the 4 stars here. Go for HH, get some guacamole, chips and salsa, nachos with chicken, crab tostada and some street tacos and you'll be good to go until later that night when you're struggling to hold down the contents of your stomach after one too many Hurricanes.