I knew I had to go to this place when I saw it on LV's top five restaurants lists. My need to come became urgent when I discovered that 5 of my Yelp friends gave it five stars. When I realized it was less than two miles from home, I rearranged my plans and went by last night.

I love Korean, I love Mexican, and I really love fusion. The menu made my mouth water, and from the sound of it, this place was poised to become my new favorite restaurant.

But somehow I was underwhelmed.
BF and I went a little nuts and got the bulgogi nachos and the bulgogi cheesesteak, then added in the won ton soup for good measure. The nachos were tasty, but after getting the free chips and salsa/guac it was almost chip overload. The cheese was plentiful yet subtle, and the salsa had a light fruitiness to it- a lot of different flavors somehow came together really well. The cheesesteak is the stuff dreams are made of, for my BF- he inhaled it. Huge portion, great value for the price, but for me it lost the excitement after a few bites and the fries were just right (in terms of cooking- they were perfectly crisp) but bland (no salt or seasonings).
The won ton soup was our only non-fusion item and it was a good-sized portion with plenty of won tons and a light yet flavorful broth, with lots of onions. The description mentioned mushrooms but I only found one- not clear if they were inside the 'tons and one popped out, or if there were meant to be more.

Service leaves a lot to be desired. Only one waitress for the whole place, fairly slow and a bit too casual for my liking, but we did get our food and their business did pick up so I should probably not be quite so picky.

Overall, the food was tasty- enough so that my BF ordered a burrito go to to take to a friend he wanted to introduce the food to- but after so many five star reviews and a great rating, I just had hyper-inflated expectations, I guess.
Will be trying the burrito myself next visit- wasn't in the mood for one last night, but maybe that dish will push me into five-star territory.