I was craving for Mexican comfort meal so bad. We went to New York New York to pick up our show tickets, decided to eat at Gonzalez, we had drinks there last time, it was good, I figured the food should be good too. Turned out I was so right! Delicious large portioned Mexican food, so yummy! 

I ordered a huge frozen mango margarita, it was fairly strong, but a little too sweet like all frozen drinks here in Vegas. Loved their salsa, so spicy! Just what I needed, chips & salsa are not free, it's $2:50. 

I ordered crab guacamole to start, server prepared it by our table, they came with flat bread and chips too, So fresh, spicy and flavorful! It was a huge bowl, I guess it was for 4 people, we couldn't finish it all, shame... 

Hubby had soup to start, he said that soup was for hangover, I wanted to try some, but I saw pork in there, no... So I just had the diced tomatoes and lettuce came with it. 

I had grilled fish taco as entree, 3 small tacos with guacamole, radish, beans and rice: the fish was very tender and flavorful, so delicious. 

Hubby had steak fajita: the steak cooked perfectly to medium close to rare, tender, yummy with enough flavors, I loved the beans and rice came with it, hubby loved the tortilla! 

Of course I had to have desert, ordered fried ice cream, it was a bomb, a huge bomb! The cinnamon sugar bowl was so crispy and sweet! A great sugar fix! 

Loved the decor and ambience of this place, very relaxing and chill, we got seated outside the main restaurant, it was better than sitting inside, we took our time to enjoy our big comfort meal, it was fun! Our server was very attentive and polite, we asked how was business, he said it was the busiest day of the entire week? I was surprised! Why, I love the food and service here, and the tab was only $85, much more cheaper than other restaurants in Vegas! Well, I plan to come back anyways! 

A great place for margaritas and big comfor Mexican meals! 

Great late lunch, I was sooo full, but very satisfied!