Let's say you're in Phoenix for a conference. You want to unwind at the end of the day with your colleagues, have a leisurely discussion of what you've been conferencing about, and enjoy regional cuisine without wallet-breaking prices or concerns that "authentic" might verge into "scary." GO HERE.

1. It is within walking distance of your hotel, with a lovely view of a garden.

2. The chips are amazing. Think "professional chef reimagines Doritos" for portions of them, but there are also normal tortilla chips and blue corn tortilla chips.

3. The drinks are exceedingly drink-like, with none of that pesky margarita-mix taste. Order something with prickly pear juice in it.

4. In sporadic meals during my years in Arizona, I've never had service that was other than charming. It's possible YMMV if you hit a huge rush, but if they're not jammed, you should feel very happy and pampered.

5. The white-chocolate tamale at the end of the meal is perfect if you want a little something sweet but weren't up for dessert.

Order lots of plates to share among your group because... the food ranges from amazing to meh, and I'd swear sometimes the same dish has been both amazing and meh on different trips. (I'm certain I had the Pablo's enchiladas with a totally exciting salad and very subtle flavors on a past trip, when it was more "well, that's an enchilada, can't argue with that" the most recent time.) The good news is that I've never had a dish be worse than meh, and even the meh-est experience was pretty good for the first two or three bites... so if you have a bunch of dishes and are taking a couple bites of each, the odds are strongly in your favor that you'll generally be very happy.

If that method doesn't work for you, I've had good experience with the carnitas so far. There was also a very pleasant Easter brunch. You're paying about normal street prices, maybe a couple bucks above Macayo's, for enchilada-type meals (and the quality is way better, even on meh days) and $17-$20 for serious entrees.

In any case, you're really here to converse and drink and nibble chips as evening falls across the artificial pond, which experience they do exceedingly well here.

ETA: if you visit on a really cold, sunless day, bundle up! Like many Arizona establishments, this place expects sun through the windows to contribute to a pleasing indoor winter temperature.