I really really believe this place can be great!  It has all the right things in place.  Gorgeous restaurant, delicious looking menu and almost 150 different tequila's on tap (hooooollllaaaa!!!).  

This is their "soft opening" week, which was marked on their menu (smart, right?!) so I felt like I could give them some grace.  I've worked in restaurants before, I've actually opened one as server once, so I know there's ebbs and flows to the start of a business.  

Let's start with the drinks!  I thought my drink was awesome!  Really well made actually (with great tequila's to boot!).  I ftried the Baja Eden, which is a passion fruit and pomegranate margarita.  It was served in a wine glass and when it was presented to me (beautifully, with a tiny edible flower inside) I almost gasped.  It was not very full.  Like, not at all.  BUT, when I looked over at my friends full glass of marg and ice, I realized it probably equaled out to be the same.  But once I tasted it, I forgot how small it was, because it was INCREDIBLE!  I would absolutely suggest this! 

Food wise, I thought everything was very tasty.  I love the fresh chips and....let me say a little somethin' somethin' about the salsa.  I'm a HUGE salsa fan.  I love chunky tomato salsa.  I hate runny salsa.  I had fruity salsa.  I haven't had many different salsa's I enjoyed actually.  The roasted green tomatillo salsa they serve was awesome!  I could have drank it, it was that good!  We also ordered the gauc, hearing a rumor it was made right at your table.  It is not made at the table, but I do suspect it's fresh.  I wanted a little more kick to my gauc, but it wasn't bad at all.

For the entree, my friend and I split the Enchiladas De Verduras.  You could absolutely taste the smoked veggies of swiss chard, tomato, mushrooms and caramelized onions.  It also had cheesy queso sauce and salsa roja.  The ONLY thing that was wrong with my meal was the soft taco was pretty soft....soggy actually.  It didn't deter me from eating it, because it was delish....but maybe a little less sauce?  

The service was lacking.  Again, I understand it's a soft opening, so I won't go into details.  But i can only assume (HOPE!) they'll get that together asap! For how much detail went into everything here, I'm assuming they want to be around for a while!

I'm very excited to come back on Wednesdays, where every Tequila under $18 is $3 for a tasting.  Not bad to try a bunch of different kinds!  They also offer different Tequila flights that I'm excited to try out.  I have pretty much decided I will become a tila expert by mid winter!  I'll be back for you tila!!