We love Cilantro Tacos!

Everything is home made (well, in a restaurant, yes), but you can tell your dinner is the product of hundreds of years of tradition. This is food of countless abuelitas, making the best of what they have and making it incredible.

First, their chipotle salsa is amazing. I have lost track of how many times we've stopped in just to get a couple containers. I seriously need someone to decode its secrets for me. My wife typically does not eat spicy food, but she loves, loves, loves this stuff.

They offer some stuff that is hard to find elsewhere. Alhambres is a mixture of grilled fresh chiles, cheese, avocado, and the meat of your choice. I couldn't stand not knowing what the word meant, but it sounded incredibly familiar for some reason, so a quick Googling revealed that it means "wire".

...as in the wire you'd use to cook a shish kabob.

One of their rotating specials is also a named after metal and shows the sense of pride in tradition. In this case, it's a giant piece of steel. A farm implement, precisely, the "disco": discada.

This is another mixture of "a little of this, a little of that" that probably developed as a way to utilize leftovers. Bite sized bits of beef, ham, sausage (hot dogs? were they hot dogs? If they were, then GOOD! I don't care.), chorizo, pork, chiles, etc., all cooked individually in a mixture of broth and beer, then mixed up.

Traditionally, it's cooked in a plow disc (the "disco")  that has lost its usefulness, welded shut, and often with a lip added. Often, the greatest things come purely from necessity and using all of your available resources. 

I can understand why they don't offer this every day. It's so very good, but it must take quite awhile to prep.

Cilantro Tacos also offers a Taqueria platter which would be great for a family or group. It's a pound or two of meat and all the setup needed for a group to make tacos. Fantastic option for family style dining.

The staff is always very friendly and the food is always very good.


I hesitate to NOT give them five stars, but it's those damned "authentic" chairs that keep it from being "as good as it gets" for me. They're wooden, straight backed, and just not entirely comfortable for a long time. They look like they're built to survive many, many drunken brawls in a dusty border cantina from the 1800s. 

If only I could give 4.5 stars, I certainly wood!

(sorry)