Out of all of the Michoacan-themed restaurants around the valley, I go to the La Loma Lindo location the most often since I live in Henderson. It's a solid bet when I feel like having some super delicious chicken -- I've had every chicken dish on their menu and found you can't go wrong with any of them. My favorites are the gallo al mojo de ajo, pollo sarandeado, and pollo al tomate. I'm a sauce fanatic, and the sauce on all three of these dishes is to die for! The carnitas are also pretty super, and tender enough to fall apart at the touch of your fork. The portions are enormous on almost all of these dishes -- every time, I can pretty much get 3 meals out of whatever I order, making it a fantastic deal for a moderately-priced restaurant.

Other things I like about this Lindo are the ease of getting a table (I've never made reservations and have never had to wait more than 10-15 mins for a table, even when they're super packed); all of the choices of margaritas (their skinny margarita is actually the closest most places come to offering an actual "real"/classic margarita); and the view, which is especially awesome after sunset. Service is also pretty decent and super quick most of the times I've gone. Also, if you call in a to-go order, they'll actually also give you the cup of fideo soup AND the beans/salsa and chips they'd give you if you were actually dining there, which most places definitely wouldn't do if you were ordering take-out. 

Drawbacks are the noise (this location gets really loud to begin with, acoustically, but then one of the dudes playing keyboard & singing comes on and you can't even hear yourself think, much less hear your dinner companion speaking) and the beef dishes (I've tried a couple, and both times the meat was tough & not very flavorful, in spite of the other flavorful ingredients).

If you're in Henderson and you're looking for flavorful Mexican food that deviates from the standard burrito/taco/quesadilla offerings, you shouldn't be disappointed with this place.