My lovely woman and I stayed at the Clarendon this past weekend, so we had plenty of encounters with Gallo Blanco and we dug it.

You can't go wrong with their fresh, made when you order it, guacamole and house-made tortilla chips. That is some damn good guac! In addition to the normal ingredients that you would expect (avocado, tomato, onion, spices) they also include some tangerine or a similar fruit in there, giving it a tasty variation. We ordered it as an app before dinner and also during the day while we were chillin poolside. Good stuff!

The grilled corn appetizer (Elote Callajero) with cotija cheese and smoked paprika is also a unique and tasty treat. They'll even cut it in half for ya if you want to share with someone else.

For din-din, my girl enjoyed their fish tacos more than the carne asada taco. 

I was satisfied with the veggie tacos. A good mix of grilled veggies and other taco goodies was included, along with a fresh lime. Gotta love fresh lime juice squeezed on fresh ingredient packed tacos.

If you want a little somethin extra, their house-made french-fries are delicious and will only run you $2 for a side.

The dining area has large glass windows that you can sit up against, which is pretty cool and allows for a good view of the surrounding area.

The bar area had a live music performance on Saturday night, which was a welcome addition.

My only suggestion for Gallo Blanco would be to expand their drink selections and availability. I'd like to see a good pale ale (like Sierra Nevada) put on tap there. They do have a Oak Creek Hefeweisen and a Nimbus Dark Amber, so I give them props for covering those beer styles, but I still want a good pale ale. 

As far as mixed drinks go, my girlfriend wanted a Strawberry Daiquiri to sip on while we were lounging poolside and they were unable to make one for us. After I found that out, I asked if they could make a strawberry anything for her and they agreed to make a strawberry margarita, although they seemed very reluctant to do so.

Overall, the environment is awesome, the service is good and the food is good. I would definitely recommend that you check it out.