Fancy Mexican food is kinda like an oxymoron to me.  When I think of good Mexican food I think of simple street tacos with fresh flavors.  Meat, beans, rice, and tortillas, right?  Wrong!  

Mundo's is located in the World Market Center.  Walking to Mundo was exciting in it self.  It was like we were in a new city.  Never been to the World Market.  The restaurant itself is beautiful and many of the tables were full.  They also have a full bar.  Looks like if all the tables were removed it could be a good place for a party.

I'll start with the good stuff.  The tables had 2 baskets of chips and salsa.  The baskets were always kept full which was nice.  We also, checked in on Yelp and there was a free glass of wine....naize!  The food was delicious!  I had the carnitas plate.  The pork had such good flavor and was seasoned perfectly with a little bit of sweetness.  The plate also came with avocado pico de gallo, cucumber habanero salad and tortillas.  The cucumber habanero salad really stuck out.  It was seasoned with bit of a vinegar and I loved it! Overall I would have to say 2 thumbs up to the food.

Now, the annoying.  When the server asked for our order he didn't even think of trying to help us decide since it was our first time. When we got our food I remembered that it came with tortillas.  I asked the server where were my tortillas.  He answered by putting his hand on a napkin right next to me which was wrapped around the tortillas. It would have been easier to just tell me that they were in the napkin when you served me my meal. It's a little different when your with a party of 8 but, if it were just me and my wife I would have been more annoyed by our servers slip ups.

Over all it was a great time.  We had great company, a fun environment, some drinks, and great food!  I would have given this place a 5 but, the service was a little off.  Might of been just that one time.  But, if we go again I'll make sure to do an update on the service.  I would definitely go again!