We have eaten here a four times in the past six months and while the food is good the service is hit or miss. The food is really good.

The first time we ate there, the food and the service was fantastic. Amazing even. We were so pleased we could not wait to go back. Everything from the chips and salsa to the beans to the burritos to the awesome cinnamon/sugar sopapillas and the strawberry margaritas was excellent. Our waitress was kind and attentive and took care of us start to finish.

Second time we ate there, unfortunately we sat in Kevin's station. He was OBVIOUSLY not happy to be working that day. He made us feel unwelcome. He got our order wrong, twice. He was not apologetic. We waited forever, it seemed, to get a second round of margaritas. He brought the wrong kind of sopapillas for dessert. It was awful.  But, on the other hand, the food itself was good once he got the order right.

Third time we ate there the food was as good as the first visit but the service was just run-of-the-mill. She was efficient but not friendly or very attentive. It was just so-so.  It was NOT the knock-your-socks-off service we got on our first visit but it was way better than when Kevin waited on us.

Tonight we ate there again, and were it not for the owner buying our meal tonight, we would not ever return.  We were seated in Kevin's station again and while I am not quite sure how he did it, Kevin managed to do even worse tonight than last time.   First, as he brought us our chips and salsa he spilled them all over the table and Cris' purse. Then, after cleaning that up and delivering another basket of chips and salsa, Kevin proceeded to take orders for every table but ours, including tables that were seated well after us.  Apparently he thought we were a party of three, so we sat there for at least 20 minutes before he finally bothered to ask us about our third person. Finally, then, he took our order.

The food was good as always but there was no salvaging the service. Kevin seemed to care more this time than last time. He wanted to make it right but he never invited the owner to talk with us. When we finally got the check we went to the register to pay. Luckily the owner was there and she wouldn't let us pay. She wanted us to come back.  And so, we will go back. If the service is good next time, I will update this rating and this review.  

Do not sit in Kevin's station.