Sometimes the Triple D (Diners, Drive ins, and Dives) will lead you astray.  Many times the taste of the food, doesn't live up to how wonderful it looks.  However I'm happy to report that Chino Bandido is as advertised.  The Asian/ Mexican fusion concept has been in full effect in Southern California for a while, so that alone wasn't going to win me over.

What did win me over right away was how happy they were let us try several things when they saw us staring at their menu.  I had a good idea what I was getting before hand, but next thing I know I was being handed little tasting cups of their jade red chicken, jerk chicken, carnitas, and who knows what else.  The well priced combination bowls are the way to go here so you can try many things.  No extra charge to turn something into a quesadilla or burrito if you want.  A combination gets you 2 main dishes, rice, and beans, so a couple of those and my wife and I got to sample several things.

We went with the jade red chicken quesadilla, jerk chicken, emerald chicken, chile relleno, pork fried rice, jerk chicken fried rice, and black beans.  Wow what a feast!  The portions here are very generous.  Everyone talks about how amazing the jade red chicken is, so I had high expectations.  When we were given our free sample of it, I knew it wasn't my thing.  They described it as their "orange chicken".  I don't like orange chicken either, so that explains it.  It's breaded and sweet and I totally get why so many people like it, so I'm going to write this off as a "just me" thing.  After tasting it, I thought lets try it in a quesadilla because I'm not that into it.  The quesadilla was grilled nicely and had plenty of cheese.  Cheese makes everything better and I was surprised that this didn't get too soggy considering the sticky chicken inside.  I guess I had some kind of spicy red curry chicken in mind when hearing about jade red chicken.  Oh well - if you have a sweet tooth, then you will love this stuff (as many do).  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chino-bandido-phoenix-3?select=CZvfsuGP_dza-9TYOodNeQ#rkVsRNwilZcerkygrk7gUA

The jerk chicken was mostly sliced white meat with a nice jerk spice dry rub on it.  It had a kick, but wasn't too strong.  The emerald chicken was perhaps the most interesting of the meats.  Actually I couldn't taste much of the actual chicken because all of the flavor is in the emerald sauce.  The chicken, once again was sliced white meat and skinless.  The emerald sauce is what I would call an Asian pico de gallo with  chopped up ginger and green onion being the main flavors.  It really works and is very refreshing and light.  I would say if you are trying to eat healthy, the emerald chicken and plain white rice bowl would be an excellent choice.  But this also might be interesting in a not so healthy burrito as well, as I didn't seem to mind the emerald sauce mixing with any of the other flavors on the plate.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chino-bandido-phoenix-3?select=CZvfsuGP_dza-9TYOodNeQ#oIWS6IwY0EDA_OnjwnAnbw

The Chile Relleno is all about the crust here.  Oh how I wish it were filled with a better quality cheese than your standard Mexican - cheddar/ jack mix.  Not that they are the first to use the plain stuff, but a queso blanco like oaxaca would have really made this a 5 star Chile Relleno.  This is one large poblano pepper and I'm not sure how they prepared it.  I'm guessing it is first quickly deep fried in egg batter, then rolled in crushed ritz crackers, brushed with butter then baked.  This is purely a guess and seems like a lot of work, but I couldn't really explain what I was tasting here.  However they do it, the result is a crunchy buttery flakey cracker crust on this pepper, and I'm a big fan.

Chino Bandido has a nice selection of rice for your combo.  We went with the jerk chicken fried rice because that seemed the most interesting, as well as the more traditional pork fried rice.  You know what?  Even though the jerk chicken fried rice was good, you just can't beat pork.  Pork will always win.  It's a magic food and once again the pig proved to me why it was put on this earth.  A true gift of the culinary gods.  

I also enjoyed the black beans, that were prepared more like refried beans and topped with melted cheese.  It was kind of on the sticky side with plenty of seasoning added.  Seems to me, while they are fusioning the Asian and Mexican flavors here, with the jerk chicken and black beans, you can add the Caribbean into the mix as well.  Our meal ended with a complimentary fresh baked cookie (we chose 1 snicker doodle and 1 chocolate) with a chewy center to them, these were pretty good.  I can see why Chino Bandido is popular with the locals, with plenty of options to try at a very affordable price. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chino-bandido-phoenix-3?select=CZvfsuGP_dza-9TYOodNeQ#YGQIUUDXXMh1CUc1MSolVQ