How can anyone miss the big sign of the man at Viva Michoacan?  We've driven by it many times and finally went in for a bite to eat.

Upon entering, they asked if we wanted to sit at the bar or restaurant, so we chose the bar.  It's a pretty big open bar area, and we were the only ones dining there. (Although I could see other guests in the dining room section.)

Warm tortilla chips along with hot sauce and warm refried beans soon arrived.  I love when refried beans are served upfront.  It's just the littlest thing, but I love it.

* #15. Tangancicuaro "Three folded corn tortillas filled with beef, chicken, or cheese.  Simmered in our delicious Spanish sauce, topped with monterey jack cheese and sour cream." ($12.99) - The Husband chose this one for our late lunch and asked for one of each among the beef, chicken or cheese question. It also came with a soup.  The soup was a simple noodle soup that the Husband really enjoyed.  When he cut into the cheese tortilla, cheese was oozing out and he was really enjoying it.  He wasn't a big fan of the chicken one though, and left that alone.  I thought the rice was a bit hard, while he didn't touch any of it.

* Tacos Baja Kilos "Green tacos! Iceberg lettuce leaves filled with your choice of fajita vegetables, grilled chicken, or grilled steak." ($11.69) - It also came with a salad, sliced tomatoes, diced cucumbers and sliced avocados, however I didn't seen any cucumbers in mine.  I went with the grilled steak option and was pleasantly surprised when it arrived.  It was nicely presented in three lettuce cups and grilled veggies were also thrown in there too.  When I bit into my lettuce cup, I was impressed with the taste.  It was good and I would definitely order it again.

Service was good - our waitress/bartender came and checked up on us, another gentleman brought our food over and she thanked him, and two other women also came to check up on us.  So, we were covered pretty good.

3.5 stars

Happy Hour: Monday through Friday, from 3 pm to 5 pm; discounted beers, and $4.99 appetizers