A bunch of us were visiting a friend of ours in Charlotte this past weekend and we came here twice, since it's my friends go-to spot!

Being vegetarian, I was a bit skeptical due to the name of the restaurant and I didn't want their random veggie option that they throw on the menu to accommodate the non-meat eaters and typically would just be a crappy taco with some veggies.

However, I glanced at their menu and other Yelp reviews on our drive over, and I was thoroughly impressed with the amount of vegetarian options they had - burrito, fajitas, and a couple of tacos.  They also weren't 'cookie-cutter' and seemed innovative and tasty.

This place is HUGE.  It's (I believe) in an up-&-coming neighborhood of NoDa, and there is new construction being built left and right.  There's tables all over the place in the massive space, with a small bar in the back center.  Off to the side, there's another room with tables/booths, and a small, covered patio for outdoor seating.  Both times we went, we sat on the outdoor patio as the ceiling helps with the heat.

The only knock is that they may not have all their beers on tap - when a few of us came on Friday for lunch, my friend ordered three different beers, and each time, the bartender told us that they were out.

Being from Philly/New York, I have to say the service was impeccable.  Everyone is super nice and friendly, but I also guess that's the norm down here.  Our waitress, both experiences, came to our table to check up on us often.

Onto the food...they start you off with some chips and fresh, homemade salsa with diced tomatoes, cut onions, and corn.  It was simple, and refreshing...they even threw in some black pepper to give it a little kick.  They also keep refilling them for you, which is a blessing and a curse.

For my meal, I got the beer-battered tofu tacos on Friday and the sweet thai chili tofu tacos on Sunday.  Both were delicious and packed with crispy, fried tofu chunks.  If I had to pick, I'd lean towards the sweet thai chili as they packed a more flavorful punch.  The beer-battered ones were a bit dry, as I head to drench cholula into it to make the flavor profile stand out because the white ranchero sauce wasn't doing a whole lot.  They come in a crispy, chalupa-like shell, which is great because most veggie tacos are runny and break apart easily as the liquids from the veggies get all over the place.  However, these stayed in tact and gave it a nice crunch to it.  I must warn you - they put A LOT of tofu in it.  I don't know if they're trying to make up for the fact that it's vegetarian, but I easily took out at least 3-4 pieces of tofu in each taco so I could eat it easily.

Overall, a solid place, and can definitely see why they're always packed for lunch and dinner.  My friends who eat meat loved their dishes - whether it was the mahi mahi tacos, the carne asada, or the shrimp.