This place has amazing street tacos! Anyone who says different has never been to Mexico and ordered "taquitos" from a cart on the street and so they don't know what they are supposed to taste like. 

+ Yes, they are supposed to be small. 
+ No, they are not supposed to be crunchy 
+ No, they are not supposed to have sour cream or cheese on them 
+ If you think they are dry or need more flavor, that is when you add hot sauce, squeeze some lime on there, or add in some spicy carrots or garnish with cilantro, cabbage or radishes. Just like when you get a hot dog off the street in New York City, you can add toppings to your liking... 

However, I believe that the way they serve these tacos here is perfect and they should be eaten as is. I have tried each kind and depending on the type of meat they have it marinated/cooked with different seasonings and topped with a different salsa that compliments the meat perfectly. 

The rice and beans that come with the combo plate are also very authentic Mexican home-style cooking. I sampled the flan and I can say that it is definitely homemade though I didn't think it was that good. It is also a big plus that they serve Menudo and Posole all day long, even on weekdays. I have not tried the soup but my hubby says the Menudo is as good as his mom's so that is saying something. 

Prices are also very reasonable. And the service was pretty good for an order-at-the-counter type place. The only reason I am not giving the restaurant 5 stars is b/c of the location itself. It is extremely small, to the point that while ordering and getting drinks from soda fountain you are bumping into people. Also, there are not many tables so you will have to wait if you dine in. The place looks like a dump, anyway, so I would recommend just getting your food to go. There are a couple of tables outside but you are right on the sidewalk of the shopping center, facing the parking lot. I wish I could take the food from this place and put it into a nicer location. Then, it would be perfection!