I came back to the Phoenix area on my short trip with one very specific task in mind: to eat lots and lots of Mexican food. Backyard Tacos was one step on my journey to taco fulfillment and I primarily went based on reviews from yelp. Apparently this place started off as a tiny little taco shack that was literally based out of someone's backyard (or at least that's the urban legend I was fed). Somehow it expanded into a full sized fast food taco shop with a full (but small) menu. I was told that their tacos were the best in the valley and with a claim like that, I was convinced to challenge it. 

Sure enough, when I arrived at lunch time it was packed with a nice long line. I ordered 4 tacos with chips and salsa (which were free with a yelp check-in). I'm generally a carne asada guy do i got 3 of those and 1 of the birria tacos. The wait for my food was long after I placed my order and the staff seemed flustered and not too friendly. The salsa bar had its own long line which was mostly due to being poorly placed in the front corner.

Once my tacos arrived I sat outside along some counter seating (the only thing available). I immediately noticed a strong paint smell (from the counter, not the food) and found that my arms were coated with paint residue from the counter since they obviously didn't take time to put any form of sealant over the paint. It probably bothered me more than it should have so I tried to not let it distract me from the important part - the food.

I was impressed by the carne asada tacos. The meat was nicely flavored and tender. They were a bit small but the price wasn't terrible for what I got. The birria taco wasn't anything special but it was pretty good too. The offerings from the salsa bar were disappointing (I didn't love the flavors and found them relatively bland, especially the guac) but the tacos were good enough to stand on their own and I really only used the salsa for heat (the red salsa is quite smoking hot). My face was screaming for the rest of the day. The chips were good as well but the salsa that came with the chips was actually kind of gross so I ended up using stuff from the salsa bar instead.

Overall I definitely recommend this place but it is by no means the best tacos in the Phoenix valley. Better than Filibertos? No doubt.