I stopped by here this past Saturday evening with my wife and another couple for dinner.  We had tried to make weekend reservations to Täko a couple of times before with no luck.  The attempts were made a couple weeks in advance and while there were times available, they always seemed to be after 9 pm. As a matter of a fact I found the whole calling this place for reservations to be silly as the person on the other end always seemed to be next to a DJ booth.  So while I was in a perfectly quiet environment I was forced to scream to be heard.  Why can't they just use some sort of online system?  I digress though and so my wife and I found ourselves outside of Täko at 5 PM as it was opening.  Thankfully we were the last party able to secure a non reservation table and we were led upstairs to the farthest table against the wall.  So while I walked through the whole restaurant I don't know that I saw as much as I should have.  On your way in you can see the kitchen and there are actually a couple of seats outside the restaurant on the sidewalk that act as a "chefs table".  They also have some crazy colored bathrooms which I didn't use and then each table seemed to have an odd religious candle on it.

For dinner my wife and I decided to split the poke for our appetizer which was big eye tuna, seaweed and rice crackers that came with what I thought was a lime crema. I can't say that it was really what I expected as it felt like a play on ceviche.  The tuna was raw but I really enjoyed it whenever I dipped it into the slightly tart lime sauce.  Then for our dinners I went with the duck confit tacos while my wife went with the Täko tacos. My tacos came with the duck, cucumber, scallions, pickled peppers, hoisin, cilantro and mint while my wife's consisted of grilled octopus, Harissa aioli, lemons and pickled red onion.  She enjoyed hers immensely and told me that she could eat a whole plate of the grilled octopus that was inside.  My tacos were also pretty good and I loved all the accompaniments to them but I have definitely had better duck confit before.

The bottom line for me is that I would head here again in the future.  I look forward to trying more of their delicious tacos and hopefully the next time I am able to procure a reservation.