I was looking to take my Mom to a nice Mexican restaurant while she was visiting Phoenix; more specifically the Queen Creek/Gilbert metroplex. She is from nowhere-Kentucky and gets Mexican dining in small buildings where the taco/enchilada combo plate is the house specialty. We were planning on seeing a movie afterwards, so I ventured to San Tan Village and visited Cantina Laredo. 

The restaurant had a nice decor and atmosphere. The seating was nice (but I think they found the smallest table for us). The waiter I think was also the bartender, but it was slow at noon on Sunday, so he waited tabled. I think his name was Stuart. Very nice guy. The chips and salsa arrived and I dug in. Three bowls of salsa - two red and typical salsa (very good) and one warm that didn't really blow my skirt up. I passed on that and ordered the table-made guacamole. It is just under $10 for the guacamole, but it was very good and well worth it. Stuart used three full avocados in making the dip. I ordered the Puerto Vallarta, which was a combination platter with two enchiladas and a rolled up soft taco. The meal was very good and very filling - but I didn't stop there...

thanks to my mobile app for Yelp I detected the review indicating if I passed on the sizzling brownie I was selling myself short - so I went for it. It did not disappoint! Stuart brought out the brownie, the butter cream and ice cream separately and prepared the dish. The plate was hot cast iron, the brownie went on, mushed in a spot for the vanilla ice cream and put the sauce on the plate. It started to sizzle and smelled almost of butterscotch. He spooned it on top of the ice cream. My mom said "this is the best dessert I have ever had!"

The good quality was good (the sauce on the chicken enchiada was excellent) and the service was awesome. Stuart kept the drinks filled and prepared the guacamole and brownie well at the table. Very nice guy too. It was a bit pricey - 3 lunches, the guacamole and dessert for $63 ($75 after tip), but it was very good. I will be back - if nothing else, for the guac and brownie!