Perhaps a little overhyped, but a still a pretty cool find and great staff.  I came here with my Dad around 5pm on a Saturday.  The place is set in a strip mall on the northwest corner of 7th St and Mountain View.  The interior setup as you walk in is pretty much just as advertised.  Lucha Libre emblems and posters everywhere with pink walls and even a disco ball in the dining room.  I haven't been to Lucha Libre Tacos in San Diego personally, but have been told the setup is very similar.

The place was totally dead when we arrived so the entire staff gave us their full attention.  We told the staff that it was our first visit so they immediately encouraged us to try samples of their meats.  All 8 of them.  We got to try multiple variations of beef, pork, and chicken.  All with different spice levels and seasonings.  I had read some reviews about their fish tacos, so I went with those this time.  My Dad got a half and half burrito with chicken and pork.  The setup at the front was very similar to what you'd find at a Chipotle in that you can dress up your food in any number of different ingredient combinations.  And the staff was very friendly in guiding us through the process.  Total for 3 fish tacos, the burrito, and a couple of fountain drinks plus tax came to about $20.

The verdict on the fish tacos?  Solid marks for the fresh toppings, but the fish itself was just meh.  It was deep fried cod, but the fish just didn't have a fresh flavor to me.  The freshness of the ingredients I put on top saved the dish, but I probably should've gone for one of the meats I sampled.  My Dad on the other hand was very impressed with his burrito.  He went with the mild chicken and pork along with an array of other ingredients in his burrito and loved it.  Maybe next time I'll go that route.  The dining room area has plenty of room for seating, was clean and the staff came around to make sure we were in good shape shortly after we began eating.

Overall, I like most of what they're doing here.  They're definitely hitting it out of the park with friendly and attentive service.  And its great that they let you sample their meats.  The prices are pretty much in line with similar taco joints and they give you the opportunity to customize your order in a multitude of ways.  My advice?  Skip the fish and stick with the meats they let you sample when making your dream dish.