Muy delicioso! Taking up residence where JB's Restaurant used to be years and years ago, I was very excited to see that Los Reyes de la Torta would be expanding to Tempe! This restaurant serves up Mexico City cuisine, with various meaty options, some seafood (Shrimp) dishes, and a few vegetarian meals. We ventured in today, and were greeted with the buzz and bustle of a hectic opening week. 

The interior is quite spacious, with warm, sunny colors and decor. There were a few people waiting in the front area for to-go orders, but we were seated promptly for sit-down service. Being my first time at a Los Reyes de la Torta location, I had to go with the Man vs. Food, Adam Richmond special: The famous Torta Del Rey ($9.50). I also tried some of the carne asada tacos. 

We were served chips and salsa to start with. The salsa was thin, with good flavor and spicy heat. The torta was served sliced in half, with a large serving of crinkle-cut potato chips. It was a tall tower of meat, cheese, egg, and vegetables. When eating it, I was reminded of Adam Richmond's assessment of this sandwich on his "Best Sandwich in America" show. When you bite into the sandwich, you taste different layers of flavor and different temperature combinations depending on which section you bite into first (The sandwich is so big it's very hard to actually bite into all the layers at one time). The lower layer consists of a smattering of slow cooked beans and the roasted and breaded meats- the tastiest layer in my opinion! The middle section holds the cheese, scrambled egg, chorizo, and cured meats (Ham and hot dog). While I liked the ham and chorizo in the sandwich, the hot dog tended to overpower the other meats in the torta. The upper layer was the "cool" layer, consisting of sliced avocado and tomato. I enjoyed the combination of cool vegetables with grilled meat. However, I would have liked more of the cool ingredients to balance out all the hot ingredients. The torta itself was nicely grilled, with delicious telera bread.

The carne asada tacos were like street tacos. They had a good amount of chopped meat, cilantro, and onion on it, with some lime wedges to add more citrus flavor.

For beverages, they have a wide array of drinks to choose from (All non-alcoholic). I tried the horchata ($4), which was a little watery, but tasted freshly made and was pretty refreshing overall.

While I'm glad I tried the Torta Del Rey, it's a hefty meal. I'd definitely be interested in trying out more items from this restaurant!