El Dorado Cantina is making some really solid Mexican food in the area. I've enjoyed this spot every time I went here.

I first saw this restaurant when I was driving around in the area, and just wanted to try something new. Even though it had just opened, I wanted to see if the high ratings were legit.

It actually took me a few passes to find this restaurant. For some reason, it said that it was right where the Sapphires gentlemen's club was at, and I couldn't believe it. But once I pulled into the parking lot, it was indeed right next to Sapphires. But, keep in mind, these are 2 totally separate businesses.

When walking in, you can tell that they put a lot of effort into making the dining room look amazing, and it does. The lighting, placement of tables, the bar area.. Everything was really thought out very well.

The current happy hour menu is a lot different than the items I had before on my last visit. The new happy hour is $1 tacos, well drink, and cheap beer specials. I was able to order one of each of the street tacos, about 5 in all.

While waiting for the tacos, we were given their chips and salsa. We were given a tomatillo salsa, a habanero , and chipotle one. The chipotle one was my favorite, I liked the smokiness of it. I also thought that the habanero one was really good, especially from the heat of the peppers.

We ordered a guacamole and ghost chili salsa for some side dishes, both of which are made table side. The guacamole is great, and the server seasoned it extremely well. The ghost chili salsa was extremely spicy at first, but the more you eat it, the more you will get used to it. We couldn't eat it at first, but by the end of the night, it had been demolished.

The tacos then came out. On happy hour, the street tacos are a really great deal. They are big and full of wonderful stuffs. My favorite of the evening was the al pastor taco. The sweetness of the pineapple contrasted with the smokiness of the tender pork. But, I have to say that all the tacos are really great.

I would say that the prices are pretty good for what you receive, for the most part (except my friend didn't think the $17 shrimp cocktail was worth it). Happy hour is great here, so for those who want to give this place a shot, that would be the best time to go. The chef, Paco, was even kind enough introduce himself to us, and asked us how everything was, which we all thought was pretty good. If I'm in the mood for some upscale Mexican cuisine, but will still give you great value for how much you pay, El Dorado Cantina will be my spot!