Originally my friend and I were craving burgers and fries and didn't feel like walking inside Planet Hollywood to look for Gordon Ramsey burgers. 
She spotted Cabo Wabo Cantina outside of Planet Hollywood, across from where we were standing in front of the Cosmopolitan. 

We head over to Cabo Wabo we were immediately seated on the patio facing the strip (choice of indoor or outdoor seating). We enjoyed people watching, some in their costumes collecting tips for a pic. Some were very creative like Olaf whom looked like a Cholaf, a Mickey Mouse regect, 2 minions and a couple Egyptian guys. 

Our server comes by and takes our order. I ordered the carne asada plate and my friend orders the carnitas burritos. While waiting we're snap chatting away and I check in on YELP --- 1 FREE MARGARITA woot woot!
Then 2 old men get seated next to us - and they were the same old men that wanted to take photos with us when we were at Bellagio. LOL it was funny... we should have gotten a tip for pic.

Any ways, our food arrives and we killed it!! Not cz we were super  hungry cz it was delicious!!! Yummm... the rice, beans and carne asada (3) were just perfect. I've started to appreciate avocados and my carne asada tacos had a slice on each one... made me super happy!

They had a live band playing behind us (more like a solo band). He was really good. He played his guitar maybe it was a Ukele and he was singing live robin thicke, Bruno mars, flo-rida, etc. He sang his version of the songs added a hint of Hawaiian island beat to it. I loved it! 

Our server was ok ((less the one star)) She was nice to my friend and I but rude to the old guys sitting next to us. They would call her and say "excuse me, excuse me" she looks at them and keeps walking. RUDE! I felt so bad cz all he wanted was a cup of coffee. - Maybe cz he was smoking in the patio and no smoking was allowed. He probably didn't know, there wasn't a sign or anything. 

Well this place is good for entertainment, food was good, vibe was great!