Great Mexican food + Sugar Skull makeup = super fun night.

This was my first time and Barrio Queen and I'm addicted. I was able to enjoy this great October night out on their patio in Old Town Scottsdale. Tonight was a Day of the Dead theme party which they will also have on Nov 1st and Nov 2nd (2014) with live music and face painting for a fun and festive celebration.

Food was Ah-mazing. Mainly I am speaking of the tacos and churros. The chips were tasty and the guacamole was okay, it wasn't bad, but I felt like there were a lot of other ingredients mixed in that it became hard to taste the avocados. Another appetizer, the Vasito de Elote, consisted of grilled corn kernels that are severed in a cup, topped with butter, mayo, cotija cheese, Valentina hot sauce, cilantro, and lime was good, but anything topped with butter is better.  I also sampled the Ceviche Salad, which wasn't my cup of tea, but that rarely is so don't let my opinion skew yours. Okay so onto the tacos, I tried the Al Pastor (marinated pork topped with diced onion, cilantro, fresh pineapple, and red salsa) and the Huitlacoche y Champinon which is packed with mushrooms, shallots and garlic topped with pico de gallo. Both were so good and I love mushrooms and am still salivating over these tacosl - so flipping good. Oh and the churros? Not only are they fried and rolled in cinnamon and sugar to perfection, but THEY ARE STUFFED WITH CARAMEL (or maybe it was butterscotch, I couldn't tell, but it didn't really matter! 

Being that this is a Tequileria, I had to try a couple of their margaritas even though tequila isn't my favorite (mainly I have to say "bye" to whoever I am with because my autopilot gets switched on). I ended up trying the Limon y Coco Margarita first since it is a coconut flavored tequila and it could ease me in - man was it tasty. I love pina coldas and thus reminded me of that, but melted, and not as sweet, I wanted another to order another one, but also I went for something else. That being their Casa Margarita which was still flavorful compared to other restaurant house margs I have tried and I recommend it along with the Limon y Coco. 

The service here is wonderful and I would come back just for that reason. Staff is friendly, fast, and efficient. Something that I don't take for granted. 

The bummer is that they do not take reservations and with the size of the restaurant you may have to wait awhile for a table if you come during prime time hours. Also, for what I am used to with Mexican food, these prices seem a bit higher. On the plus they do have great specials if you are able to catch them. I will be back