My Son and I were in the area volunteering at Three Square and decided to stop by here during our lunch break.  The parking lot was packed and we had to wait around 10 min for our table....this was at 12:10 pm, the worst time to be heading to lunch.  The wait was worth it though.

Once we were seated we browsed the menu and decided to order the Queso Fundido w/Chorizo appetizer ($6.95), Beef & Bean Chimichanga lunch special ($8.25), and Pollo Amador lunch special ($10.25).  I also asked the waiter if the cook could put together a really spicy Habanero Salsa for us....he said sure.  

We were served complimentary Chips, Salsa, and Beans while we waited for our food....+1.  The Salsa reminded me of the Salsa at Lindo/Bonito Michoacan.  I read the menu that had the story of Zapata, but couldn't find any connection between the restaurants.....the Salsa was that close to one another.  Anyway, it was really good.....had a nice kick to it.  The Chips weren't as fresh as I like them to be....but they were good.

After a short wait our Queso Fundido came out....again, it reminded me of the one at Lindo/Bonito Michoacan.  It was very delicious.  On top of the dish is an extremely hot Pepper....I think it's a grilled Jalapeno or Poblano (see pics)....whatever it is, I like it.

I ordered the Beef & Bean Chimichanga and it came out a few minutes later....along with the Habanero Salsa.  The Beef was shredded and very delicious, not greasy.  Sometimes when you order a Beef Chimichanga it can be very greasy....not here.  It was a nice size too.....must be their lunch portion.  The Habanero Salsa was really spicy....just how I like it!  It added to the flavor.  My dish also came with Guacamole & Sour Cream and a side of Refried Beans & Rice.....all very good.

My Son enjoyed his Pollo Amador.  He gave me a bite to try it out.  It is Chicken marinated in Amador Sauce (whatever that is).  The Sauce had a slightly sweet tomatoey flavor to it.....it was very good.

Overall, it was a nice lunch.

Will we return?  If we're in the area and in the mood for some Mexican Food....you can count on it.