After lots of hype, I decided that I needed to see what all of the fuss was about with Barrio Cafe, so I enlisted a friend of mine (and a Barrio fan) to go with me last night. On the way there, I was issued a few warnings about this place: it's in kind of a sketch neighborhood, and the wait might be a little long as its often packed out. So I thought it was a good sign when I got there and had the thought "hmm, well, it looks better than south central L.A.", and there wasn't any wait at all! Granted, it was a Tuesday night, but yaaah for us! It turned out to be a good start to a great dinner.

I started with the frozen mango margarita, which was pretty darn tasty (which for me means not real alcoholic). For appetizers, my friend and I went with the Guacamole  Casero, which was crazy cool cause they make it right in front of you, and the Quesadilla de Langosta Borracha, which is garlic & tequila lobster served on a corn tortilla with melted Oaxacan cheese and queso de cabra. The guac wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was also NOT the worst, so...you take what you can get sometimes. As for the lobster quesadillas, they were pretty darn great, and I don't even like lobster that much! We easily polished them off.

For our entrees, I ordered the Cochinta Pibil, which I would recommend to anyone. It's pork that's been slow roasted for 12 hours with achiote rojo & sour orange with salsa Yucateca...and is apparently how you say "yum" in Spanish cuisine. The pork was so tender and flavorful, and came with little tortillas and veggies to make your own tacos...it was so good that, even if I went again, I'd seriously consider getting it again, despite the fact that my friend rattled off at least 5 other dishes that she said were equally as delicious. I don't know, it'd be a tough call. I also tried my friend's chicken enchiladas, which were good, but which I personally thought didn't hold a candle to the tastiness of my pork. 

For dessert, we went all-out with the churros, and I can honestly and without any hesitation say that I've never had a churro that delicious in my life. NEVER. Nor will I probably ever again...unless I go back to Barrio. Seriously, these things were STUFFED with caramel. I didn't actually realize that when I bit into it, and was JUST delighted...like a little kid on Christmas; it's GEEEEENIOUS! O man, I could have eaten those things all night...but alas, all good things must come to an end, and so I will savor my Barrio experience rapturously until I get the chance to go back!