Stop 2 on the Holiday Progressive dinner tour: *stop one below at Double Helix* 

Criteria for the Progressive Dinner was 6 people 3 "couples" - 3 different restaurants/bars in 3 different areas of Vegas. Total bill for all 3 not to exceed 600.00 total or 200.00/couple. 

All 6 of us have been to & loved the Henderson location so when Nacho Daddy opened in the DTLV it was our 1st choice to go to for dinner. 

We arrived still a bit sated and slightly tipsy from our last stop. *not to worry we who live in Vegas make sure not to drink & drive* 

When we arrived *slightly late but we called* they had our table all ready & waiting. Our server was Chris who was amazing at keeping our glasses full. 
We started with a round of Lambics - just to clear the palate. 
Followed by a pitcher of perfect Margaritas. Normally not the best idea because for some reason in other places we've found that the pitcher method loses some of the quality of the actual cocktail. Not in the case of the Big Daddy's. consistent tot he last drop. 

For food - we decided on 3 different types of nachos

Florentine: Chicken Spinach & asiago cheese. 
very light & different from the nachos we've had previously. Excellent choice for a vegetarian as they will make them - the chicken. By far my personal favorite. Kind of like a nice spinach dip with the chips already in. 

Thai Chicken:  not my personal favorite but everyone else loved them. Basically it was a nice pad thai on nacho chips and very SPICY. it was very flavorful but I was enthralled with the Florentine.

Fiesta Chicken Nachos: Closest to what is expected in a traditional American nachos amped up with the addition of the diablo sauce. One of the "boys" tried to lick the plate. 

Speaking of "boys" the urinal block is hysterical. yes I looked. 

We each had an order of corn on the cob & shared 2 bowls of the queso dip. 

Food:  consistent with the Henderson location. 
Service: Exceptional. Chris gets 5 ***** (for vegas, someone that attentive to a large party is very unusual) 
Fat Friendly:  All seats were armless so no hip issues. also spaced far enough apart that we didn't have to sit back to back with our neighbor. Maybe because it was a Tuesday night in off season, but there was ample room. Doubt that would be the case during Life is Beautiful or EDC. 
Ambiance: much more cosy & conducive to conversation than the Henderson location. 

Total bill including tip: $206.00 

It was a great choice & w've been back since and still consistent with the food & the services!