How refreshing. A real gourmet mexican (yes, i said that) joint I can ride a bike to. Moving to South Scottsdale, from downtown, has been somewhat frustrating. But being this close to Los Somberos is a big help.

I first went several years ago when they were in a strip mall on S. Scottsdale Rd. Got dragged there by a couple local restaurant people who kept raving about it. Shockingly fucking spicy and delicious. One app had us hallucinating. Loved it.

Time passed and they opened up this great little house-style location further up the road. Apparently the chef/owner and his wife got divorced. She kept the place. I was worried. But she's making it work fantastically.



THINGS TO TRY:

steve the bartender's margaritas: you can actually taste the tequila, so call your favorite. i like the patron silver marg. many prefer the cadillac marg that has orange juice. bear in mind, when you are talking, steve is listening. he has ears like a bat. if you don't want him to hear you saying something embarrassing about yourself, don't say it.


shrimp fundido: white cheese melted over sauteed fajita-style veggies and big fresh-tasting shrimp. great with corn or flour tortillas.


chips: pretty good. the salsas are a little mild for my taste. not bland, they have plenty of tart and sweetness. just wish they were rounded out a little more.


smoked chicken tacos: only ask for this when it's already the special. they'll try to accommodate when it isn't the special, but it will pale. when it's a legit special, they use nicely smoked, succulent dark meat. not that cubed up breast junk. i hate chicken breast. 5 stars if they add this to the daily menu.


carne asada tacos: consistently best i've had in PHX.


carnitas: a very generous, juicy, tender portion. they always happily hand over flour tortillas for me.


beef short rib: get this if you require lots of flavor. and by flavor, i mean rendered beef fat.


Lots of other stuff on the menu, and always at least one app and one dinner special. Enjoy!