While working at World Market Center, daily I walk by this place. I yelped it, read reviews, I had to find out for myself what this mystery place was! Overall, I am pretty happy I did. 
The décor is beautiful, but after walking through all buildings at WMC, and seeing all the amazing furniture, art, and exquisite design, I would expect nothing less. They are feeding marketers, design teams, and CEO's from some of the biggest furniture stores in the world, they better have their stuff together. 
I don't think they are open on weekends, and I believe there are no kids allowed. I cant confirm or deny that personally. However I have never seen minors, or staff on weekends. They truly know who their cliental is, and work on catering to their needs. 
My first trip I just ordered some To-go food in between jobs. 
I went with the Mexican Risotto and the Chicken taquitos. 
I would order the risotto again. The rice was cooked perfectly, it was creamy, and had hints of lime, cilantro, and Mexican corn throughout. 
The taquitos were your basic fresh mex rolled tacos. Nothing spectacular, but not bad. 
Also, even though it was a take out order, they hooked up the chips and salsa which I appreciate. 
My second trip I got off early at World Market, and had the time to dine in. They were packed with people, so I sat solo at the bar. Wonderful customer service and knowledge from the bar staff. I was contemplating between a couple dishes, and the bartender told me all his favorites, as well as their best sellers. 
I went with the Mahi Mahi with jalapeno rice and a baby springs salad. 
The salad was bland, and stayed on my plate. I was wishing they served more of this rice, because it came with chorizo and jalapenos and I was loving it. 
The fish was cooked perfect, blackened on the outside but flaky and juicy in the center. It needed a squeeze of lemon, but that's it. 
Prices are on the touristy side, but again, they cater to a specific crowd. I spent $27 before a tip for my fish and a coke. 
Also, parking sucks because there isn't any. There is valet, sometimes. 
Overall, the owners were smart. Not only smart, but someone has a good palate and management skills because the staff rocks. 
I hope they choose to expand their hours, and maybe offer a locals discount? Totally would win me over.