After hearing so much about Taco Taco I suggested it for dinner this last weekend. We made the drive across town and arrived around 9 pm. I could see as I was opening up to the door that nobody else was in line so I was a little nervous but with all of the hoopla and the drive over we wanted to give Taco Taco a shot. 

The signs above easily direct you to the line you want to order from. I knew I had to try the "Al Pastor Tacos" so I ordered 2 of those. I asked for pineapple but the worker said they didn't have any. I have seen other pictures with pineapple so they must have just been out for the day. I then made my way over to where hubby was at and I ordered a "Cheese Quesadilla" and a "Asada Taco". Hubby had already ordered a "Asada Burrito". You can choose corn or flour tortillas and they do make them right in front of you. By the time we finished ordering the place had filled up so we beat the rush! We grabbed our food and headed towards the back and found a pretty nicely sized dining area. There was a salsa bar with a variety of stuff. I didn't get anything from the salsa bar so I can't comment on if it was good or not. I can however comment on the following:

Cheese Quesadilla - This was priced at $2.25 and very good! It was filled with the perfect amount of cheese and wasn't really greasy. I would order this again.

Al Pastor - Priced at $2.00 each these didn't blow my socks off. It was missing the pineapple I love so much and just lacked the flavor I have had at other places. This is usually my favorite thing to order but not so much here. I will probably give it another try on a different day to see if something is different but if not I wouldn't order it again.

Asada Tacos - These were amazing. Such good flavor! I wish I had gotten more of these than the al pastor but I will know for next time. 

Asada Burrito - I didn't like this. Hubby gave me some to try and it just didn't have the same flavor as the asada in the tacos. They did pull the asada meat for the burrito from a different place then the asada that was on the grill for the tacos so I don't know if they make them different but I will personally stick to the asada tacos instead of the burrito.

They offer rice bowls and have vegetarian options. I can't say I will make the effort to drive across town just to eat at Taco Taco but when I am in the area I will stop in for sure since it is a cheap and good.