I'm never in the area (or hood, as I like to call it), so when I was in the hood (or barrio, as I like to call it), I was well aware of the consequences of wasting the opportunity to hit the Barrio.

Driving past the front door, which faces 16th St, I concluded parking must be in the back... which there was... just none for me... so I settled on the questionable lot on the north side of Edgemont... you know, where they filmed The Warriors?  It's ok, I'm totes insured.

So, I fabricate my best hardened criminal scowl, gangsta-strolled up to the front door, lean like a cholo, and announce that I require accommodations for uno.  That's Mexican for solo.  The hostess looks me up and down, and that's when I remembered I was wearing my Disneyland Resort shirt with the adorable Mickey Mouse arm patch.  Son-of-a-nutcracker!

Luckily, I got the best seat in the house, right at the end of the bar by the entrance, where no less than 47 people came to order their drinks while waiting to be seated.

This is the first "Mexican" restaurant where I was served a sliced french loaf and tapenade.

I started out with the Esquites, which is a delectable myriad of buttered roasted corn, chipotle cream, cotija cheese with cilantro and lime, served in a petite martini glass.  YES, this is the way a civilized person enjoys elote.

For the main course, I decided on Chile Colorado, which is a grilled bone-in pork chop smothered in a dark chile and red wine reduction, paired with a spicy mashed potato and grilled zucchini (half of which were cooked perfectly)

Since I was in such a high-profile seat, I thought I'd treat the clientele to a big boy eating a massive dessert, with my very large plate of dos churros floating atop a lake of caramel near a glacier of vanilla bean ice cream.  It was a winter wonderland on my plate.  Four people could have comfortably split this, but I was there to give the performance of a lifetime, and somewhere during Act 3, I spoon-fed the last morsel into the black hole perched precariously above my chin.

In today's match-up... MAN WINS!

I love people, and my bar-stool accommodations allowed me to chat with a seemingly never-ending stream of patrons.  I was walking people through the menu, suggesting specific pre-dinner drinks (lowrider) and regaling them with my quips. My big hit of the evening seemed to be "Wow, it appears y'all missed the happy hour pricing".  That one killed them all... especially the young couple who was charged $27.23 for 2 Modelos and 2 lime flavored tequila shots.

Barrio Cafe is spendy.  The entree was overpriced, but the appetizer and dessert were well worth the fare.  Sure, my tab could have fed a village in Sri Lanka for a month, but I don't know anyone there.