I was told by one of my customers "This place is the S***." Well, I don't know about that but it was pretty decent. The customer service was great. The young lady greeted me right away, making me feel welcomed. I love the simple appearance of The Stand. very casual like you might expect from a little "mom & pop" place. The simplicity of the menu is great too. I've always felt restaurants need to go back to KISS, Keep It Simple St***d. The simplicity of the menu makes it easier to decide what I want and it doesn't congest the kitchen with a vast menu for the masses. That said...

I had the double cheese burger, an order of well done fries and a small Diet Coke. This was nearly $12. Sticker shock? You bet. Being totally honest, I thought about Red Robin for that price. However, the menu's description of the beefs quality cuts, no doubt played a huge roll in the price point. I felt like the burger was lacking flavor. At least salt the patties while they're cooking, but nope. The meat was very thin and cooked so well done, the meat had a crunch. I would have liked my fries to have a crunch, but no such luck. The portion size was great, winning over In-N-Out's fries. Again, no seasoning, but alas, there are salt shakers on the table. The fries are hand cut, similar to the aforementioned fast food establishment, but I ordered them "Well Done." Well done as in crunchy. Nope! Not crunchy, limp and soggy. I could see it immediately when the young lady brought me my order. I asked "Those are well done fries?" to which she replied "Uh-huh." Hmmmm.... Ok. I used to cook in restaurants when I was younger. These fries were cooked in oil that was too cold. I don't say this to bash The Stand, but merely offer a critique in deep fry 101. French fries love soaking in 360 degree oil. At best this fryer was set at 340. Notwithstanding, I will go back. I'm always a man of second chances. I am curious about their tacos. They looked amazing. This place gets four stars because I was mostly impressed with the service.