I went to this restaurant about seven (7) years ago with my ex and between then and now, I just forgot about it...until I passed it the other day. As someone else said, please keep in mind this is a NEW Mexico style restaurant. We arrived, were seated and served chips and delicious salsa immediately. 

I started out with the Milagro Mango Margarita...OMG, very good! A very delicious blend that I wanted more of! We then chose the Hatch Catch Sampler for an appetizer which I would come back for over and over again. It includes Pecan Grilled Shrimp, Mini Crab Cakes and Green Chile Lobster Dip...the crab cakes were the BEST! Everything else on the sampler was great but the cakes...DeLiCiOuS!! 

My main course choice was the Double Stacked Chicken Enchiladas Christmas Style: Red and Green Chile (I would so SUGGEST this choice, Christmas Style, it was very flavorful and added a nice mixture of taste with each bite). This corn tortillas stacked tower of gewwy cheese, chicken and sauce was great (and even better the next day since I took half home).   Next time I'm going to ask for double sauce, they were good but I would have enjoyed a bit more sauce.   I don't like them swimming, but I do like a bit to mix in with each bite.

The service was great. Even though our waitress had more than her fair share of tables/guests, she did a wonderful job! She was spot on, keep my water glass filled (which is hard to do, I'm a fish) and had everything out hot and quickly! 

The only reason it doesn't get a five star is due to my sister getting the Blue Seafood Enchiladas and biting into a very, VERY fishy taste. 
Yeah, yeah, she knows it was "seafood," but you don't anticipate a huge "fishy" bite, the flavors should have been blended better so this doesn't happen. She also got a Strawberry Crystal drink that tasted just like a regular Margarita. Hee, hee...she totally was jealous while I slurped my Milagro Mango...sorry, Charlie! 

I recommend this restaurant, best one I have been too in a while despite my sisters poor choices :-)