This review is for their sunday brunch buffet for $13.95 including all you cal drink fountain sodas, juice, coffee/tea, margaritas and mimosas. I happened upon it on accident and it sounded like one of the better deals around town so we went straight away. I've only ever eaten lunch specials here years prior and haven't really been back recently. 

The online menu for the brunch had a date on it of today, so I wonder if the menu varies per week on what the buffet offers. It was small, but well rounded enough. This is what we had: 

Chips, salsa and bean dip brought for the table. Pretty decent and the chips went well with the shrimp ceviche. It was pretty fresh, I prefer a little spice and more acidity but they have a condiment bar that fixed that right up. I ate a lot of the ceviche and their guacamole. 
Caldo de res- it ain't my moms caldo, but that was pretty good. They put in some of the fattier and tendon parts mixed in with just beef chunks so a little something for everyone. 
Camerones Rancheros- the flavor was good but a tad overcooked. Something that just happens with the hotplate, when I got some when it was just put out it was good though. 
Chile Verde- the sauce was decent but it wasn't like traditional slow stewed meat in the sauce. It was more like, carnitas that was put into the sauce so there was more crunchy edges and bits on the meat. 
Beef and chicken fajitas - both kinds were decent, but I wouldn't say I'm a fan. I'm generally not a fajita person though so you be the judge on this one. Both meats were seasoned and weren't dry at all though.
Torreados- greasy, but was good to throw on a tortilla with meat.
Bacon and sausage- standard, but fresh and good. 
Huevos con chorizo- decent enough, more egg than chorizo so it was rather light and not greasy
Roasted potatoes - this was meh. If they crisped up the taters a bit it would be much better. It just tasted like boiled and then thrown with the cooked peppers and onions. 
Jalapeno poppers-  I have to admit though JPs are one of my favorite guilty pleasure late night freezer snacks so I appreciated their presence even though it was a weird offering.
Tortillas - fresh made, you can see a tortilla maiden pumping them out through the glass. They do both corn and flour were both good! 
Rice - good flavor, soft and not dry at all.
Refried beans- pretty decent, but remember I'm not one to eat refried beans really so I only took a bite for the sake of reviewing to see if it was seasoned. Haha.

There was mixed salad with interesting dressing choices but I did not try it. There was various Mexican pan, cookies for dessert I was too full to try. I did get some mixed fruit and whipped cream and the fruits were fairly fresh. Otherwise there is not much in terms of sweets offered at the buffet, though you could order their flan if you somehow have room. 

Beverage wise, the mimosas were good, but I thought the house margarita (on the rocks or you can probably ask blended) was the better of the two. They were not skimpy with the alcohol either so I was feeling it even just after a few drinks. I also got a horchata which tasted homemade. It was very creamy, not too sweet or overpowering of cinnamon. 

Service was pretty decent throughout. We never really had to wait too long for drinks to be refilled and brought back despite them having to send out massive amounts. A few times we were checked on to make sure everything was tasting right, including the owner making his rounds to everyone. It was busy in there, but wasn't so busy there was a line our the door or too many people  that you cannot get any service. There was Mexican music playing though our meal, but wasn't at levels you cannot have a conversation. 

Overall, I think the food is standard, but decent Americanized Mexican fare. Still, this brunch is rather great as I think the price to quality ratio is really good. You will come out definitely feeling like you ate and drank well worth your $13.95. I don't know what other brunch around town that even has this low of a pricepoint for brunch with all 1you can drink!