The correct website for this location is www.jdvhotels.com/dining/distrito .

Parking cost $10 but you can get a validation that takes $5 off the parking charge.

I made our reservation early since I read about a Happy Hour to try. (Monday-Friday 5pm-7pm) I was very Happy that the Margarita tasted GREAT but I was somewhat disappointed that happy hour only means ordering off the menu as is, so after a round of drinks we went to our table.

The dining room is a fun mix of bright colors texture and sparkles with tables close together.

This is Tapas dining so you need to order several small plates to share, several people told us at least two three or four per person or to order Chef's Tasting Menus.  Chips and guacamole were suggested often to us but we concluded we would prefer ordering more unusual items off the menu rather than filling up on ($7) chips and salsa, we finally decided and ordered.

The ONLY negative thing I can say about the food is about the first plate we started with, the Hamachi Ceviche . The ceviche was excellent and absolutely delicious but I do have to say the portion was only MAYBE one half oz. of fish TO SHARE and the tiny scoop of sherbet was less than a half teaspoon TO SHARE. Our server asked us is we wanted to order another one but at $12 a pop that is crazy. 

Huarache De Hongos was outstanding, I've tried corn smut before and didn't really enjoy before but here it was completely different to me , absolutely delicious . (this was a vegetarian earthy mushroomy sort of flat bread)

We tried a chicken taco plate and received three very stuffed two inch tacos that were very tasty and good.

The carne en adobo came out with a tasty crust was fork tender and juicy  (correctly fatty ) with a yummy sauce.  We didnt receive side tortillas and extra sauces but another yelper mentioned they did? 't...we... shared the large that is nine oz. to share, the small is four oz. sized. 

For our side dish we picked the Esquites - sweet corn queso Fresco chipolte lime , this maybe was the most layered in flavors out of everything we tried,it really was out of this world, it really popped.

Our Service was OK the servers all seemed knowledgeable but it was somewhat uncomfortable with a staff of about twelve servers standing with backs against the walls all watching like hawks at the few diners dining. The Servers were quick to soar in as you were trying to finish plates sometimes they came in before you were done.

I was considering only giving three stars since I am down on the Portion of Hamachi Ceviche, The Happy Hour and the parking charge. 3-4 Stars