Blanco is one Sam Foxy modern Mexican restaurant. I just love the interior's bluish, brownish, orange-y color scheme and the comfy outdoor patio containing mood enhancing fire pits. Hey Sam, can I borrow your Foxy interior design team to come dress-up my home? They seriously know their stuff.

Beyond my admiration of Blanco's interior and exterior design, I think this is one concept that Sam got right. By no means is this restaurant even remotely authentic, but it's not supposed to be. Good old uncle Sam doesn't do authentic. Sam does Americanized and trendy best. Even the name Blanco fits the whitewashed, or should I say Blancowashed, menu.  

Sam tossed Chipotle's bland food, a taco truck, a wood-fire grill, Latin cocktails, trendy decor, and a Scottsdale scene into a blender, and Voila! He whipped up the perfect Blancoshake that brings all the boys and girls to Blanco's yard - setting the stage for some seriously entertaining, and enjoyably funny, people watching.

How's the service? Fantastic! I'm always well taken care of from the drink refills to the mid-meal table check-ins. The friendly wait staff and welcoming hostesses are all on top of their game, and even attractively well dressed. Big surprise, right? I know a couple guys who outright admit that they love Blanco for those polo dresses that the hostesses wear (an FYI for the dudes out there). 

What's my favorite Blanco dish? That would be the Shrimp Fajitas. Cooked on wood-fire grill and combined with caramelized onions and peppers, the plump shrimp have this smoky, charred and blackened taste. The accompanying rice, beans and tortillas aren't anything to write home about though. All 3 taste like Chipotle's bland food. Matt always makes fun of me because I order the Shrimp Fajitas but I just eat the shrimp fajita mix with my fork. I don't even make a real fajita. It's just not worth the extra effort. Those shrimpies are too delish to be combined with just blandness. 

What else to I recommend on the menu? You must try the tacos! All the meat & seafood is cooked to perfection on that wood-fire grill I love oh so much. In fact, without that grill, I don't think the menu would be as tasty. 

I also must say that their Margaritas are fruity, and their Mojitos are yummy to sip on. All the cocktails are pretty much standard Sam Fox concoctions. 

And what about the nachos? Oh yeah, those are scrumptious too! Actually, all of the appetizers have got it goin on. Cheese Crips - salty, melty, cheesy and crunchy. Ceviche - fresh, spicy, tangy, limey and juicy. Guacamole - perfectly seasoned, chunky and fresh avocados coupled with rock salt crystals and flavorful cotija cheese. 

In fact, that guacamole is so intensely good it feels like a ripe green avocado punches my taste buds with every bite. Blanco's avocados are packing serious flavor. 

What menu item should you skip? Pass on the Salmon a la Parrilla. It's just weird and at $18 bucks it did anything but impress. The salmon wasn't fresh or flaky enough, and the accompanying spinach, squash and corn mixed with chile verde was bland with a strange aftertaste. Trust me, you are wayyyyy better off with a plate of tacos or fajitas, and you'll get a boatload more food for the same price or less.

Overall, Blanco's atmosphere fits any occasion and any sized group. So... give Blanco a go!