Not sure where to eat, we looked online and did some culinary reconaissance.  Someone suggested Mexican, and not knowing anywhere off the top of our heads, we went to our apps and started our search.  We honed in on Lindo Michoacan, a place on top of a hill that has sweeping views of the Strip.  We pass by it all the time, (I actually have gone there before when it was an Italian place and remember the view) looked at the menu online and away we went!!

On a Friday night, the parking lot was packed like a tailgate party at a Mizzou game!  Unsure as to how this would pan out, I jumped out of the car and ran inside to scope the joint.  Inside was an unexpected mob scene; loud and crowded with a huge waiting area full of people, I squeezed my way over to the Hostess stand and asked the wait time.  She replied 25 minutes, (which means add at least 15 onto that) so I darted back out and gave them the news.  They agreed to wait and parked the car, (apparently the cut off time was 45min.). Let the journey begin!

Needless to say we were floored.....the large, festive and ethnic interior, the effervescent if not rowdy friday throng of families, it was a barnyard full of diners, workers and food!

Even with the long lines of people, the wait was actually bearable; guests were cycling in and out of the restaurant and this place worked like a machine-good going operations!!!

What was very surprising was how Lindo Michoacan was successful as a Mexican establishment - the interior and waitstaffs' uniforms were hard-core ethnic considering its located in a land of suburban national chain restaurants.  With a full Mariachi band off to side, (horns and guitars) it added to the festive ambiance.  You couldn't be in a bad mood here!

And within the wait time stated, the hostess seated us in a room off of the main barnyard next to the windows with panoramic views of the strip. The waitstaff immediately brought us chips with bean dip and salsa and took our drink order.  The table had Cadillac Margaritas (with Grand Marnier) and beers and we decided to order the fresh guacamole.   I will say, it is an incredibly smart move to bring the chips and salsa to the table; it immediately satiates the customer if they are hungry or irritated and it helps with flow of drinking.

Getting the guacamole was the best idea ever...really fresh and light, it complimented, not overpowered our appetites and the proportions were just right; just a small bowl so as not to fill us up before our meal.

Rick ordered the Carnitas: Pork marinated with Oranges and then slow cooked until tender.  Apparently Michoacan is known for its Carnitas and served with Chiles, Green sauce and Guacamole, it was an excellent dish! Rick ate both Chiles and didn't burn his mouth....

Quote:  "I don't what the green sauce was, but I sure did dip my meat in it!" - Rick

Marian ordered the Enchilda Terasca; filled with cheese, beef and chicken, it was on the smaller, lighter side out of all of our dishes.

I will say, in most restaurants, there are mounds and mounds of beans and rice which is not entirely my favorite combination.  But at Lindo, they have the proportions down well; they serve smaller portions of the carbs so you're not bloated and overstuffed.  The ingredients were fresh so the sides didn't have that, 'I've been sitting her in a pot all day taste' and she was very satisfied!

Rick Sr. ordered his all time favorite Mexican dish: Chile Verde Marrano,  chunks of Pork simmered in Green Salsa, with Tomatillos, Green Peppers, Onions, Cilantro and Fresh Garlic.   His overall comments were that it was very flavorful, but usually the dish he orders had the meat stewed for long periods of time so its broken down into the sauce where this dish was more chunky.

So Alan ordered ordered the Pollo con Rajas y Cremas Estilo Stephania, grilled Chicken Breasts sautéed in Olive Oil with Onions, Parsilla strips in a cream sauce.  Alan had a hard time trying to decide what to order, on the the one hand he wanted to try the more traditional Mexican dishes like the Mole, but he was allured by the other more contemporary entrees, like the Gallo al Cognac.  Ultimately, the Pollo Rajas y Crema was a great choice; the creaminess of the sauce with the chicken hit the spot!

During our dining experience, the Mariachi band and a handful of singers walked around the restaurant and ultimately to our table, and we were just elated and thoroughly entertained! And although some may say it is a little cheesy and pandering to our perception of Mexican culture,  all we can say is that we had a truly enjoyable time- and in the end of our culinary experience it came down to our dining company complimenting the ambience and cuisine; with memories of a fun time with family!!