So I go out today to find the 2 Hippies magic mushroom and a client tells me there is another 2 Hippies, that just "popped up over night" WELL I had to try it. 

After driving by, I finally parked in the lot and took a survey of the building. 

1. Nice outdoor patio
2. Clean and New
3. Small
4. Looked packed

So I walk in and there was 3 patrons. 2 young guys and 1 US Senator. Yep that is right, a full fledged Senator. Don't ask who because I cannot remember. 

So the 3 people made the place looked packed. I told you it was small. 

I was greeted right away by the owner. He is a really nice guy who cares about the food he serves. We spoke about the recent call his wife received from DINERS DRIVE INS AND DIVES. She asked the caller to not pull her husbands leg, because he is a huge fan and it would be a thrill to be on the show. 

The DDD reviewers spotted 2 Hippies via YELP! She explained he has a 4 star rating and tons of reviews. He was unaware of Yelp but took it as a compliment. ( I bet he looks today) HI!

The food is a healthy Mexican food menu. I sampled the taco trio of fish, beef and chicken. All 3 where wonderful, you sure can taste freshness. The favorite was the fish. $5 with a Coke.

The other items are quesidillas, burritos, tacos, etc. 

I tried both the red and the green salsa. The red is boring and the green is good. Neither of them will make you burn your mouth. He is tweaking the salsa so be sure to rate it if it gets better. 

I will return when in the area FO SHO.

Well the return was on 10-7-08. 

I had the taco trio constisting of green beef taco, carne asada taco and red chile taco. They were all good but the green was the best of the 3. 
The salsa needs a makeover. I was hoping for a better flavor this time. The green is good but sweet, the red is bad. Maybe a little "mexican" in it wouldn't be bad. 

Do not go here expecting greasy, gut  buster, cheese covered everything MEXICAN food. Go here expecting a healthier, fresh tasting meal. The food is prepared by a fat white guy and cooked by a Mexican guy. (not that that matters, my mom-in-law makes killer mexican food and she is white)