4.5 stars, and worth the drive to the hood!  The billboards of the giant super 3-lb. burrito finally cast a spell on me, and I took the plunge.

La Tolteca is not quite as full service as Ranch Market, but it's somewhat of a smaller version where you'll find a counter-service deli, panaderia, carniceria, jugeria, and a mini-market here.  Even better is their cooking tools section (where you can buy huge tamale steamers, and mortar and pestles for making chile) and the catering menu which starts at $5 per person.  Holy crap.  What a steal.  

Upon entrance you'll see the deep pit outside where some man is grilling all the carne you'll find served inside.  As you step inside you'll see some brisk business - I found all sorts of types and ethnicities here - a young couple on a date, some girls gabbing over lunch and others ordering food and pastries to go.

The food here ROCKS.   It's very authentic, cooked by commadres and tias just like back home.   The Grandma quotient on the beans and rice was very high -- always a standard assessment in my quest for good Mexican food.  They have every imaginable burrito type here and they're huge and cheap - at $4.  I always opt for the veggie (rice, beans, cheese and guacamole) burrito and am always impressed - the best part being the freshly made tortillas.  I even bought some on my way out to take home.

The tacos are a good choice too.  The combo plates start at $5.  The carne asada (a little overcooked) was pretty good and delicious in a flavorful marinade, and the shrimp taco was really good - a much better choice I would add.  Paired with some tamarind, strawberry agua fresca or horchata and you'll be in heaven.

I find the bakery to be the highlight regarding the food.  The pandulce was excellent - if a bit more fresh (than Ranch Market) given the way it's stored behind a glass case rather than self-service.  The conchas and pineapple empanadas were soft, sweet and delicious - with perfect texture.  Everything from churros, to cakes, to flan, to sweet breads, to donuts and rolls.