I woke up with an incredible craving for street tacos and somehow Gallo Blanco Cafe answered my call with its chocinita (slow roasted pork) tacos, carne asada tacos, shrimp tacos, and halibut tacos. Don't worry...I wasn't a complete oink. I shared these 5 tacos with my hubby, who also had the pork posole stew. All were equally delicious!

As an avid guacamole fan, I enjoyed that their fresh guac had cojita cheese sprinkled on top and mandarin oranges that were mixed in for a citrus "kick." Nice touch! I don't always look for citrus in my guac, but it definitely seemed to work.

Since today was Mother's Day, we expected the place to be packed, but we only waited about 20 minutes. This 20 minutes was not spent in vain. It was Sunday happy hour, so we got 2 bloody marys for $10. These bloody marys were spicy and had a pickled green bean, jicama, and celery in addition to the 2 olives on the salted rim. The spiciness was absolute perfection. It wasn't so hot that you couldn't enjoy it, but it's what you look for when drinking bloody marys. 

While waiting for our table, my hubby described the lobby of The Claredon Hotel as kitch. There were alot of old furniture mixed with modern touches. The art of Ian Christiansen was all over the walls as well. His artwork featured "Book of Dork: The Art of Gospel." In most cases, people might find some of his work offensive since one of the art pieces featured ET shedding light upon the manger where Jesus was born. He combines his love of the 80s with classic Bible figures. It was interesting and creative and crazy all at the same time! I don't know if it's always there, but it's unlike artwork I've ever seen. 

Service? Well, it's good thing I loved my company because we were probably only checked on twice the entire time we were there by our waiter. The other staff saved the experience by constantly keeping our waters full, but we didn't really have a chance to order more drinks since our actual waiter didn't ask us. 

At the end of the meal, we were given a pool pass to hang out at the unique pool at the center of this rennovated mod hotel. We will definitely eat there again next time and probably hang out at the pool afterwards. I mean, why not? It's summer!