What the shell?! I never reviewed this place?! I have been going to Garcia's ever since I was a kid. My grandmother loved this place back when it was just a small hole in the wall south of mcdowell off of 35th ave... since my grandmother's day - it moved north to new digs a lil north of mcdowell.

Infact, my dad worked on constructing their current digs. So yeah, me and Garcia's go waaay back! haha!! Everytime I enter into their adobe lookin' house into their old world styled living room type waiting area. it's nice and antique but it could use a revamping. It's looked like this since I could remember! I am greeted by a 'round the way girl some Carl Hayden graduate who says hello and leads you into one of their many dining areas. 

The large dining area has a raised celings and open spaces and have large murals depicting different places in Mexico and these wooden tables and huge leather chairs. Now I love the chairs... but they eaither need to be tighten their screws or get new ones because their chairs get more and more wobbly with each visit. I'm afraid I'm going to brake one one of these days! 

The service is a two prong attack. There's a server/waiter who takes your order and brings you your first round of drinks and then will bring your food and your check... but then there's bus boys who will refill your drinks, salsa and chips and will bring you extra napkins and the smaller things you may need. I personally like this, because sometimes it can be tough getting our servers's attention because they can get pretty busy. Utilizing their bussers means that I never go long without being asked if I need something. YAY!! However, I usually tip a lil extra to cover the busser's share and sometimes if the busser is crazy cool (one of them snuck me a free bag of chips & salsa once!) then I sometimes tip them seperately. 

I grew up dining on their tacos and I must admit - I don't really care for them. BOO!  But their rice and flautas are pretty good. but NOTHING tops their salsa & soup. Their salsa is so clean fresh and cool flavor. it's nice and mild but sooo flavorful! I love it! :) 

The soup is the showboat of this resturant in my eyes. I feel if you go... you MUST try their caldo! I have yet to try their menudo as I always forget about it whenever I'm there during the weekend. I am in LOVE with their Caldo... it's pretty much veggie beef stew. It's wonderfully not as thick as other stews, huge pieces of potato with zuccinini, corn, green beans, carrots, onion, celery and cabbage. Only rez'd out grandma's make it better! Please give it a try!!

Other dishes I dug there was the Pollo Fundido, miniature sampler and fajitas. I had their carnitas and wasn't that impressed with them. But the Minature sampler is where it's at! I loves it and the white sour creamtype sauce that comes with it. :) 

Over all, I'm glad I have this resturant in my family's history. It's actually quite good. It's not too far from my house and it's my mom's favorite place. I just can't dig their tacos and their beans always need salt. Meh. The service is decent but it can be a pain to get parking. The place needs to be redecorated and revamped a lil. It's one of my regular haunts and i always leave happy and full of chips, salsa and caldo! 

To my yelpers: if you decide to go... PLEASE try the caldo, it's really the best thing ever! and enjoy your salsa and don't have high expectations of the beans but the rice will be awesome! Oh and don't be afraid to ask the busser for anything!! just be careful to tip a lil extra if you do utilize the bussers' services! :)