This place is definitely a find.

After reading about this place on "Eating Las Vegas", I was jived to give this place a try. (Also, I'd just finished watching Top Chef Masters and was chopping at this bit to try some real Mexican food - Rick Bayless rocks!)

Anyway, we arrived on a Monday night for dinner. We rarely venture to the downtown area in Vegas but the restaurant is located in the World Market Center across the street from the Premium Outlet Mall. Parking is plentiful and close to the restaurant.

We arrived earlier because we were really hungry. Our hostess graciously seated us early and offered a bar menu which had various Happy Hour specials at very affordable prices. We ordered the Sliders and the street tacos. Both which were fairly tasty however the sliders (for me) had too much chipotle dressing on them.

They gave us a rather large bowl of freshly made tortilla chips they kept refilling along with the three different salsas. Absolutely delicious and well worth the visit.

We ordered the grilled pork chop and grilled shrimp with homemade sweet corn tamales. The tamales were outstanding! I couldn't get enough of them - sweet, fluffy with fresh corn mixed in to provide a nice contrast in textures. My husband normally isn't into Mexican food but even he grudgingly gave them high marks. I normally don't like shrimp. But when perfectly cooked like this, it tasted like mini lobsters. The sauce was very rich and decadent.

My husband's pork chop was well cooked to perfection and the chile glaze was outstanding. Sweet, spicy. And, like I said, Mundo changed his outlook on tamales.

Overall, the entrees are excellent here. The chef clearly knows high end Mexican. The prices given the level of cuisine is very reasonable - a much better deal than the rather so-so expensive places on the Strip.

The reason why this place does get 4 stars though is the poor timing of the dishes. We waited a long time between the appetizer course and the main course even though there were very few patrons in the restaurant (longer than 20minutes). It is a good thing they kept giving us tortilla chips.

We were really full and couldn't order dessert so we have to try them another time.