The husband and I arrived at paradise valley burger fifteen minutes prior to when we were meeting with a group of friends for the 1000 review uye. A few people were here when we arrived and the owner was nice enough to accommodate our large party by pushing several tables together. Speaking of the owner, I was very impressed with his fast response to yelp messages and friendly laid back attitude. As I sit here reviewing, a few people have their food and it looks amazing.  The husband and I are sharing the bacon maple shake (5$) which is sooo super indulgent. It's salty, smoky, sweet and good all over, featuring chunks of real bacon and pecans. I could get fat on these babies. Several in the party ordered the famed brulee burger (8$) (fried egg, bacon, bruleed sugar, pickled onion, and thousand island) with the husband ordering the country fried burger (8$ ish) (a fried patty with gravy and crispy onions), and a variety of sides (i had french toast fries (2.50 ish), husband had sweet pot tots (2$ ish), others had fries). I just received my food which includes a brulee burger add jalapeno and French toast fries... It looks ridic. First bite... French toast fries are legit, not those sorry excuses for french toast sticks they sell at burger king. These are straight up crispy French toast pieces covered in powdered sugar and served with syrup. Sorry diet, maybe tomorrow. The husband's tots are fair, but nothing to write home about. His burger is in that same category, fair. We were kind of expecting something crispy (since the patty and the onions were fried and all), but everything was a little soft... The flavor is ok, but  somewhat one note, certainly not the best order at the table.  Everyone else at the table seems pretty happy with their orders and the staff managed to deliver most of the food at the same time (which is especially impressive since everyone ordered at different times). My burger looks great.... Unfortunately, looks can be deceiving... It is good, but not great.. It's a fast food style patty (thin and cooked well done) and the egg is a little runny, but not excessively. The bacon was really yummy and crispy, but not burnt, so that is a plus. I guess the issue is that it just feels like it's missing something... Maybe a fresh element? I can't quite put my finger on it. Don't get me wrong, the burger is good and I would recommend this place if you were in the area (particularly because of the amazing owner and staff here and their general creativity (new specials every week) which is admirable), but maybe not if it's too far out of your way.

PS Roll me out of here!
PPS Thanks to all of my dining companions!
PPPS Gorillas love milkshakes
PPPPS 1000! Hooray!!!