TRAVEL ALERT/ALERTE DE VIAJE: The State Department wants you to know about new travel restrictions for entering and exiting countries subject to the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiatve, including Mexico. As of June 1, 2009 travelers must possess either a passport, passport card, or WHTI-compliant identification to enter the US by air, land or sea. Contrary to popular belief however, Americans will be able to visit the Phoenix Ranch Market without documentation.

GENERAL DESCRIPTION/DESCRIPCION GENERAL: Phoenix Ranch Market III is an upmarket Mexican-style mercado complete with an interior food court called "La Cocina" (The Kitchen). It is located in a rather unpleasant part of town, but manages to attract a large following of gringos eager to inject some diversity into their palette without risking turista.

THE FOOD/LA ALIMENTACIN: Offerings in "La Cocina" run the gamut from Mexican style tortas, to more iconic tacos and burritos. Many items offer a choice of meat, from ham to carne asada, to carnitas. A separate area offers various seafood dishes. Everything is ala carte, suprising those hoping to economize using an American style "combo".  Despite this, "La Cocina" remains popular, especially at lunch time.

SERVICE/SERVICIO: All orders are taken by an attendant standing next to the line for the cashier. Most guests do not wait long before placing the order. Some have reported difficulty communicating with the attendant however, the other employees tend to have command of the English language. Visitors are responsible for retrieving their own orders and seating themselves at long bench-style tables. 

PRICES/PRCIOS: Like Mexico itself, the Ranch Market is not the bargain it is made out to be. Prices that may look low for entrees quickly increase when adding in the cost of beverages, churros, and gas. Most respondents however, believe that the mercado occupies an important niche between true fast food and more sophisticated self-serve meals. 

SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS/CONSIDERACIONES ESPECIAL: Some have accused the Phoenix Ranch Market from being too acommodating to non-Latino customers. While this concern cannot be dismissed, it is obviously the case that all of Mexico has fallen to this trend. New hotels now gleam along the shoreline in Puerto Penasco, golf courses spourt in the arid desert outside Cabo San Lucas, all while Costcos can be found in such tourist-heavy states as Veracruz and Guanajuato. The Calderon Government and America's Hispanics will have to confront the tension between assimilation and authenticity one agua fresca at a time.