First off, the 4 stars is actually mostly due to personal preference.  I'm very serious about my Mexican food, and I likes it just the way I likes it, and no different.  I'm a gringo whose diet is probably 70% Mexican food :)

That said, I stopped into Sonora Mesquite Grill today for the first time, based on the reviews here.  I've been looking for something different than Chipotle and Del Taco to eat for lunch lately, as I work nearby.  

The place is nice, but small and kind of sparse.  There were only 3 other people - all together - here when I arrived at about 11:30.  I ordered the carne asada burrito, and sides of beans & rice to go.  It took about 5 minutes or so from the time I ordered until I had my burrito, not a bad time, really.  Probably 10 minutes all told, due to the 3 guys ordering before me.

The burrito was kind of small, and covered with pico de gallo.  Here's where the fifth star gets knocked off.  I HATE pico.  I loathe it.  I'm weird, I know, but I like hot, picante-style salsas, not chunky stuff.  The pico was also in the burrito, which was fine, as it didn't get much in the way there, but I did specifically order the "hottest salsa" in the burrito.  That said, the overall burrito was pretty good, due entirely to the absolutely amazing flavor of the carne asada.  That stuff is amazing.  Very tender, and incredibly flavorful.  

The rice and beans I got as side orders were a different story.  Alone, the rice isn't very tasty, and the "hot" (which is really more of a "white people" hot, meaning mild-to-medium) salsa didn't help much.  The beans were a bit better, but not much.  And the sides were like 1/2 pint containers each, and at $2 not really worth it.  I won't be getting them again.

I'll definitely be going back, but I'll be making some requests on my next visit to 86 the pico.  The menu, included in the bag, has a nice coupon for buy-two-get-one-free asada tacos.  I'll be doing that next time, as it seems a much better deal than the burrito.