This place has been a long time coming, and I'm glad to see it's finally open.  We had a quick dinner at the bar last night, and the food is so good that I want to write a quick review.  

It's a cool restaurant physically, although the high ceilings kill a bit of the intimacy, and probably costs them a fortune in air conditioning.  We sat at the bar, which is large and comfortable, and ordered our dinner there.  

There were a LOT of people working behind the bar.  I didn't count, but it looked like they were tripping over one another.  Our bartender was very nice, even replacing a drink I didn't like that I ordered from the cocktail menu.  But the service isn't completely dialed in at Sumo yet.  For instance, I ordered the FABULOUS mushroom tacos, but a server brought over chicken tacos.  I told him it was wrong, and instead of taking them back to the kitchen, he got in a bit of an argument with our bartender, and our bartender showed him our ticket twice because he seemed to want someone to blame.  It was an unnecessary conversation in front of a guest, and he should've simply apologized and brought the right dish.  This was all on the server, not our bartender.  

Every food item we ordered was splendid.  I had the tacos, my wife ordered the Kimchi fried rice, and we had the traditional guac.  We ordered some garbanzo beans, too, but somehow they didn't get into the computer, but we didn't finish the guac, so it was no huge loss.  We are vegetarians, and we were very happy with the wide variety offered to veggie customers.  My only complaint is that you get a ton of guac and too little of the bread for dipping, which is another $1.  I can afford another dollar, but it seems cheap on the restaurant's part, but that's a small complaint for what was a great meal.

For drinks I ordered the top two items on the cocktail menu: a five spice rum drink and a coconut drink.  I didn't find either remarkable, but I'm willing to keep going down the menu on future visits. 

The crowd is pretty typical Scottsdale, which is generally a turnoff for me and I tend to stay on my home turf in central Phoenix, but I'll venture down Lincoln Rd and sneak in again soon.