We went to Tacos Atoyac for lunch again and really enjoyed the food based on a recommendation from Iain B.  This is not border Mexican food but rather oaxaca or oaxaquena southern Mexico or what you might find in Mexico City.  Their prices are very easy on your pockets, but don't let that fool you.  Their food is extremely fresh, unique and delicious.  What a little "gem" of a place this is!  

Restaurant ~ Tacos Atoyac is small and not very appealing on the outside (somewhat of a dive look) but it's what's on the inside that counts and this place is no exception.  This place is very clean with a simple design on the inside. The folks that work here are friendly and will make you feel very welcomed.  This was huge since for us since both of us speak very little Spanish.  

Food ~ You order your food when you walk in and they bring you your delicious oaxacan-Mexican food to you accompanied with a side of cooked jalapenos, onions and salsa (you can choose green, red or a guacamole infused salsa).  The green chili salsa went exceptionally well with my fish and al pastor tacos.  No chips and salsa here, which I'm perfectly fine with.  

On our first visit we sampled all of the tacos at $1 each.  The carne asada and al pastor were tender and delicious with with some chopped cilantro and onions on top. All of the tacos were very good, even the lengua and tripa o cabeza tacos. (yes I knew they were tongue and tripe~ but they were good!) I just added a little salsa which gave it just the right amount of heat to add to the flavor.  We also tried their spicy beef and chicken tamales at $1.75. Thy were very good as well but I preferred their tacos, so went back for few more.  Total bill with a few drinks was around $18 for us both.

Second visit we had their fish tacos ~ they are delish!  We also had a couple of quesadilla's since they were making them fresh from scratch at $1.50. The corn quesadilla was tasty with some fresh green  epazote, cheese and a light spread of frijoles! We also tried their flour quesdilla's and a few burros with al pastor and carne asada.  They too were very good with a nice balance of fresh guacamole and loads of meat in their burros. We sampled a lot of food again this trip and left stuffed and happy with a bill of only $24.
  
We have really enjoyed most of the things we've tried so far and we are looking forward to coming back very soon.  Tacos Atoyac will leave you satisfied, happy and planning what to eat on your next visit.  They keep it simple with tons of flavor.  I hope to see you there.