01/04/12 DINNER.

I know this might sound ridiculous, but I actually enjoyed MEXICAN food on the Strip. AGAIN!

First we found El Segundo Sol. Of course not as authentic as some Mex I had while living in Los Angeles for 41 years, but for Vegas, not bad at all. (Their secret "serrano salsa", more a green paste, is a heat-lovers DREAM!)

Then we returned (the first time was when we were visitors to Vegas in the 90's) to Border Grill @ Mandalay Bay. HERE is the best Mex on the Strip, period. I give a lot of credit to Mike Minor. We've known the owners, the "Two Hot Tamales", since the 80's, and their places in LA are great, but he's added value to this location.

But NOW, a third find. Isla. At Treasure Island? I know, seems strange, but VERY good.

I say YES! to the classic margaritas (cheaper at happy hour), all 3 regular salsas, the "only if you ask" FLAMING habanero salsa, the weird (never seen this before) guacamole w/ pumpkin seeds on top, THOSE CARNITAS (enough to feed 4 people, wonderful), the beans (both the charro & refried were good), THE RICE (GOOD RICE! BELIEVE IT OR NOT!), and the thin corn tortillas that came with the carnitas.

Again, I'm on the Strip?

OK, the tortilla chips were not the best I've ever eaten, but perfectly acceptable. And the green chili burrito was good, but not the best. (Go to Carlito's Burritos if you want FANTASTIC green chili.)

The only bummer? The bar is separated from the restaurant by a wall of NOTHING. No glass, just some objects d'art and tequila bottles. So the restaurant did have some cigarette smoke issues. But what can you do, you're just off the casino floor.

Oh, and the waiter was great, too. Attentive, friendly. I'm telling you, I really am happy I moved to Vegas a year ago. The restaurant folks have all been quite great and provided great times. (EXCEPT FOR A FEW. See my negative yelps for those!)

So overall, if you're in the area, try this place. Hopefully this wasn't a fluke! (Judging by all the positive Yelps, I'm guessing it wasn't!)

PS I also eat at taco places off-strip that are $1+change a taco, family run, no ambiance, great food. I miss Oaxacan, but what can I do, this is Vegas!