Long story short: The music is loud & quite annoying IMO. Their customer service could use some help, excluding Oscar (he's amazing). The drinks are usually good, except when they are busy. The food is simply AMAZING! 


Details: I don't mind waiting for food because I believe good food may take longer than food that's not up to par; however, I don't like waiting for service. Tonight, after we were sat, it was very difficult to get ahold of our waiter. Our food actually came out pretty quick, but our drinks didn't come out until after we were 80% done with our food. We've come here before & this was the worst service we have experienced here so I'm going to say it was most likely this particular waiter (I didn't get his name). However, in the end we were SAVED by another waiter/busser named Oscar. Oscar saw that we were being ignored by our waiter so towards the end, he started coming by & making sure we were good. That guy needs to be promoted ASAP!
The noise level here is definitely not "average" as it currently says in the Yelp description. It is always loud so much so that it's difficult to hear someone talking across the table. The music is also some deep house that you'd probably hear at Artisan afterhours. I really wish they'd play something more consistent with the food but that's just my opinion.
The decor is cute with a very hip feel. I love their candle lights (look up to the ceiling to see what I'm talking about)! 
Now as for the food....the food is DELICIOUS! As much as the music & lack of service annoy me, I keep coming back for the food!! I can't really call it authentic Mexican because it is a bit Americanized. It's more like Mexican fusion. So far, every food item I have tasted is full of flavor! The drinks are usually on point as well...just don't go when they are busy if you want good drinks. We went on Cinco de Mayo & received terrible drinks in plastic cups & when we told our waiter he said "the bar is busy & the bartenders don't know how to pour correctly in these cups"....like a Mexican spot was not expecting to be busy on Cinco de Mayo?!? The food, however, was still just as good even though it was busy!