I love the food and I've eaten there frequently but I've found it's better to stick to to-go's. Everytime I've eaten in, the service isn't great. This last time I brought a group of friends, 5 total. 3 got there before the others and ordered chips and salsa, drinks and some tacos. They had to ask 4 times for the chips. Then when meals for all of us came, they brought them out two at a time. The 5th meal didn't come out for a full 15 minutes. My friend sat there waiting for her meal. Server wasn't attentive (we asked for napkins several times, drinks weren't refilled). Also, as we sat on patio, a busser went to take down an umbrella from a table to fit a larger party (push the tables together). He ended up hitting a lady at another table and we were ducking and moving out of the way. A guy at another table offered to help him but he said no and kept trying to move it. It was something out if a comedy routine (turn with a large item, people ducking under). 

They also seemed to have a problem with their phones for a while. Either it would be busy, or the call would disconnect after ringing a few times. They don't have a hold system as I called one time for an order and the server asked me to hold on. It was then obvious he just placed the phone down and I could hear everything going on. I stayed on the line for about 10 minutes and by then was in the area and just went in to place the order. When I walked in, the phone was still off the hook and now had the dial tone. So for at least 15 minutes no one would have been able to get through. 

So in short I love this place for the food, but there needs to be a lot more attention to the service and the ultimate atmosphere.

Between myself, friends and fiancé, we've had a few of the tacos, appetizers, soup. Everything is pretty good. Tacos are awesome. The po boy sandwhich was literally a roll with a piece of fried fish on it. No sauces, nothing else. While presentation looked like it came from Denny's. It paled in comparison to tacos. 

2 stars for service. 4/5 for food.