The Mission bills itself as a modern Latin restaurant inspired by cuisines of Spain, Mexico, Central and South America utilizing French cooking techniques. What does this mean? Expect the unexpected. If you don't have the cojones to try something new, this may not be the place for you. Tip! - if you're not sure about something on the menu, ask plenty of questions, more on that later. 

Despite arriving 10 minutes prior to my reserved time we were quickly seated and our server came right over to take our drink order. The house margarita's were good enough to make me vow to never again drink a margarita made from that premixed high fructose crap. I have officially kicked that habit. 

The first course was a Peruvian clam stew, otherwise known as "Almejas Al Vapor". Incredible! Imagine the best soup de poisson you've ever had now add that to the best posole you've ever had and turn all that into a thick, creamy stew and voila! - you've got yourself one amazing dish. A perfect amount of spiciness, yet you don't even realize it because of all the other amazing flavors lurking within. 

Second course was the chorizo porchetta with white bean puree. Basically, a very tender braised pork shoulder wrapped around a small piece of Mexican sausage. This dish was very good but not great, and I blame myself. The meat had a fairly strong smoky flavor which I personally don't care for. This might be due to the mesquite fired Plancha grill that I'm just not used to. However, I can see how others with an alternative palate would adore this dish. Again, this was my fault, I should have asked the server "what does it taste like" before ordering. 

For desert I had the espresso churros with ibarra chocolate milkshake. The milkshake was great, the churros on the other hand were a bit overcooked, dare I say... charred. A good churro is crispy on the outside and soft and chewy in the center. Granted, this will be very difficult for The Mission because their churros are very thin. For a churro of this size, there's probably a fine line between a limp piece of greasy dough or a brittle, black stick of coal. 

After dinner the server brought each of us a shot of tequila. A nice gesture as she knew that it was a going away meal for my dinner companion who is moving to Texas. 

As a whole, the experience at The Mission was excellent. Highly recommended.