My boyfriend and I were visiting Las Vegas for a basketball league he was in. It was our last day and wanted to end our trip with a nice lunch before driving a couple hours home. We had just finished looking through Mandalay Bay`s Shark Reef and were getting hungry. The first place we came across was Border Grill and immediately gravitated towards it when I saw Susan Feninger`s name. Well-known chef for her modern twist on Mexican cuisine and cheftestant on Bravo`s "Top Chef Masters" season 1.

Looked at the menu for a bit. Border Grill doesn`t have that many options, so we decided to walk around Mandalay Bay to see if we were interested in anything else. Most of the restaurants in that part of the hotel weren`t open for lunch. We walked as far to Rum Jungle, didn`t want to walk to the other side of the hotel where they had more restaurants, and made our way back to Border Grill.

Border Grill looked to be very busy, even for lunch, the place was packed. As we were taken to our seats, we saw a couple things on people`s tables that intrigued us. The first thing to hit your table are fresh chips and three kinds of salsa. The chips were hot and not at all greasy. We took a glance at the menu and looked for some of those things that we saw on the way in. One was the Steak Nachos. They looked so good, so we knew we had to get an order of that to start. For our entrees, I ordered the Spicy Shrimp Tacos and my boyfriend got the Chicken Poblano Enchiladas.

When the Steak Nachos arrived at our table, I didn`t realize how big it was. I could have had that as my entree and would have been totally fine. Border Grill definitely doesn`t skimp on the toppings. A lot of good small sized pieces of steak, plenty of melty gooey cheese, onions, tomatoes, jalapenos, and big dollops of sour cream and guacamole. So amazing! The Spicy Shrimp Tacos we were really good. Chipotle marinated shrimp, cucumber slaw, guacamole, and a chipotle aioli. The tacos also come with rice and refried beans. The Chicken Poblano Enchiladas had smoked chicken, wrapped in corn tortillas, topped with poblano cream and a mix of grilled corn, mushrooms, and poblano chiles. OMG... that poblano cream was the best thing on that dish! So good! I would definitely go back for the poblano cream alone. Everything on the menu should be served with poblano cream. Yummy...