I read that Border Grill had one of the best brunches in Las Vegas.  So decided to check out the Mandalay Bay location for their Border Brunch.  For $35, you get unlimited made-to-order tapas.  It's really a great deal!

First off though, finding Border Grill was a bit of a pain.  It's really deep within the resort, basically near the pool area.  If you're coming in from the monorail, basically keep walking past the casino and through restaurant row.  You'll know you're on the right path if you pass Aureole and then eventually you'll see signs pointing to Border Grill.

It was a beautiful day outside, so I decided to so sit at their Patio.  Even though I had a reservation, I opted to sit at the bar since the table they provided me had too much sun shining down on it.

But let's get on to the Border Brunch.  They provide you with a menu of about 22 dishes to order and you basically order anything you want.  For a solo diner, they recommend ordering two at a time and four to five dishes at a time if you're with a group.

Here in chronological order is what I ordered:

Empanada with Cinnamon Butter  -- http://bit.ly/1SxW5oq
This was like an amuse bouche and came with the Border Brunch.

Tomatillo Egg Benedict -- http://bit.ly/1BtOm6v
Cornmeal battered tomatillo, hominy grits, epazote hollandaise, roasted tomato, baked kale
This was a good dish to start with.  Fried green tomato with a nice runny egg on top.  Delicious!!!

Breakfast Fries -- http://bit.ly/1TCYAHA
Beer braised short rib, manchego cheese, bacon, sunny side egg
This was very dish but I'm glad I got to try this.  It's a breakfast poutine essentially since you have cheese, short ribs, and a runny egg.  This is probably a dish better suited for a group to share because, even though this was only my 2nd dish, I was already starting to get full.

Serrano Ham Waffle -- http://bit.ly/1K1R5H7
Manchego cheese, maple syrup, butter
I liked this!  It was a good combination of sweet and savory.

Peruvian Shrimp and Grits -- http://bit.ly/1IpX4Qk
Aji panca salsa, roasted green chile, creamy parmesan grits
Ordering this seafood dish was a good way for me to get my money's worth out of the $35.  The shrimp was cooked nicely and had a very nice kick to it with the chile.  A very unique take on shrimp and grits.

Oyster Taco -- http://bit.ly/1ewZ4iE
Cornmeal battered oyster, flour tortilla, pickled chayote, tomato, buttermilk aioli
At this point, I was pretty stuffed but I still wanted to try more.  This oyster taco is really about the size of a street taco so it was only a few bites, but that was more than enough for me.  I really enjoyed it!

Churro Tots -- http://bit.ly/1GxS79Z
Dulce de leche infused churros, cinnamon sugar, chocolate ganache, passion fruit puree
From the beginning, I already planned on ordering this last since it's pretty much like a dessert.  As small as these tots were, they were pretty dense but had good flavor.  The two sauces worked well with them.

Overall, I thought the $35 AYCE tapas Border Brunch was worth it.  But I was really limited to my stomach capacity since I only got try 6 dishes out of the 22.  I highly recommend coming with a group if you plan to try all 22 dishes.

As for Border Grill, it's a really nice restaurant!  It's a nice take on upscale Tex-Mex food similar to Mesa Grill.  I did visit the other location at the Forum Shops which I'll review later, but I like this location a lot better, especially if you can snag a table outside.  I would definitely love to come back again to them for dinner.