Was out with a party of four looking to kill an hour before a show at the nearby V Theater. This place fit the bill. We just wanted drinks and appetizers and that's what we got.

The decor in this place is kinda weird. Holes in the drywall, chairs and tables splattered with paint, not exactly the look of a Mexican cantina unless you want it to look like it's under construction.

Service was good. We were seated right away. The hostess, waiter, and 100 year old busboy were friendly and helped add to the atmosphere. 

My wife and I split a couple pitchers of Dos Equis they had on special for 12.95. Our guests had a couple top shelf margaritas that they said were "top shelf" and the prices were good compared to other Mexican cantinas in Vegas. We also split a Cantina sampler that was a mixed bag. It was nachos, quesadillas, taquitos and chicken wings. The wings were small but had good flavor. The quesedillas were tasty (my wife and I devoured them), and the taquitos weren't bad, similar to what I've had at Chili's. The nachos? um, no. These tasted as if they were served earlier in the evening, sat out on someone else's table for an hour or so, brought back to the kitchen and microwaved before serving to us. Seriously, these were bad. Some of the nachos were soggy and cold, others were still warm but dried out. 

When we got the check we noticed they charged for chips and salsa. Really? Before we could sit down we were asked if we wanted chips and salsa on the table. Ok. sure. Would you also like guacamole? sure. When we killed the bowl of chips they asked if we wanted more. Sure!  So we got charged for 2 orders of chips and salsa plus guacamole. I can understand the guacamole, apparently it is a standard upcharge in Vegas cantinas but chips and salsa? Everywhere else we have tried, they have been free. Some places just seem desperate to make a buck.

The bathroom needed to be cleaned and I noticed several dirty tables toward the back of the restaurant that no one bothered to clear off while we were there. I am guessing the 100 year old busboy was still making his way there. That did not help add to the atmosphere.

Would I stop here again? Yes. I would avoid the nachos though.