Been here a couple of times.  And while the vibe is cool and the cuisine is pretty darn good, the glaring red flag for me about this place is the high prices.

My date had not been here before so I happily brought her by.  It had been about 9 months since my last trip here and I faintly remembered the food being on the pricey side, but not to the extent that I would shy away from here.  This place is pretty popular during happy hour as the upstairs bar was packed right as we arrived.  We suspected the same was true of their basement bar as well so we stuck around the main dining area.  If you've been to Richardson's and/or Dick's Hideaway just a stones throw away, then some of the menu will look familiar.  Rokerij however also has a lot of dishes you'd expect to find at a steakhouse or a cafe that often have no New Mexican influence at all.  Such items include oysters, rib eyes, porterhouses, and (oddly) pizzas.  The New Mexican dishes that both Rokerij and Richardson's serve are pretty reasonably priced around $15 each.  But most of the other items run around $30 and up.  Even the appetizers are around $15 a piece.

Not wanting to break the bank, I got a pair of their tapas plates.  I got their prime rib sliders as well as their Carne Adovada sliders.  For $10 a plate you get three sliders each.  I'm pretty convinced the tapas menu is the way to go here.  The portions weren't huge, but large enough to leave me satisfied and you can get a little taste of multiple items.  The Carne Adovada pork mixed with red chile is tender and not too spicy.  The prime rib sliders had just the right amount of horseradish sauce on them, though there wasn't as much meat on those sliders as I expected.  I would love to try some of their blackboard menu items sometime as some of those looked great, but again, pricey.

Perhaps I should've been more prepared to pay the asking price of this place.  The setup of the restaurant is really cool and I like the unique New Mexican twists they put on the everyday grub.  The food has been good both times I've been here, but is it good enough to drop $30/entree?  I'll leave that up to you.  I'd certainly come back here for a special occasion, but this wouldn't be an everyday stop for me.  Too much of a shock to my bank account.