Heading out a bit late, I brought my dining companion to Dick's Hideaway, only to find that their kitchen closes earlier than I remembered, but they quickly invited us to go to the Rokerij, just about a block north, with the same menu. OK, good plan.

At the Rokerij, we were directed downstairs, and what a lovely surprise. Cozy, intimate, and Incubus on the speakers. We sat at the bar and Ashley took very good care of us. Stella on tap - bonus for my dining companion. Iced tea for me with a generous slice of lemon (just the way I like it) didn't go empty. Thanks Ashley!

We weren't particularly ravenous, so we decided to share - spinach salad (our instinct but also Ashley's recommendation) and the New Mexican Platter (green chile). This was just about the perfect choice for both of us.

I have to say I was impressed with the salad. I'm seldom impressed with salads. I dated a chef who made spectacular salads at home. So yeah, this one was amazing. Even without added chicken or blackened shrimp. The Menu just says "spinach salad" what it doesn't say is: with green, red and yellow bell peppers, red onion, tomatoes, sliced fresh jalapenos, feta cheese and bacon shallot vinaigrette (french vinaigrette I think - with balsamic instead of red wine - nice!!! heavy on the mustard and light on the honey) perfection as far as I'm concerned. Just a little fresh cracked black pepper made it even better.

The Entree arrived at the perfect time, and we quickly dove in. Perhaps a bit too quickly as the food was piping hot (not a bad thing). Now I claim to be a wimp about spicy food (especially chiles) but this dish stayed right at the edge of what I can handle, heat wise, and didn't push me over the edge. The flavors were amazing. A great sampler with a tamale, relleno and a chicken burro (heavy on the cheese - yum). Even my dining companion who likes things spicy agreed that there was good heat but tons of flavor (I think the hatch green chile surprised him). I had a great taste experience, trying a little of everything and there was still some left over, which Ashley had boxed for us. Value for the price - absolutely!