We asked our concierge to recommend a place we could go that had pretty good food, didn't have to get too dressed up but still had an interesting atmosphere. She suggested Rokerij and I wasn't sure, but we figured we'd give it a try. 

Driving along the long strip of road with little businesses surrounding the restaurant, I was a little nervous pulling into the parking lot - it looked like a stuffy log cabin, BUT there was some hope - the parking lot was pretty full. 

We walked in and the place had character! Menu items were written in chalk along the walls and it seemed like a comfy cabin-like, but kind of hip at the same time restaurant. We were told there was some seating downstairs. Downstairs? Who knew? It was great! We had a corner booth (plush, high back) facing the bar and the bar set up was great! All the liquor was neatly laid out, clean and they seemed to have everything. And they had a couple of tv screens and a fireplace (although not exactly needed in Phoenix) on this floor. 

THE FOOD WAS FAB! AND the prices, were NOT even as high as what you find in L.A. at all for what you get! 

Hubby got the PRIME RIB with broccolini and mashed potatoes. What came out was a BEAST ON A PLATE. HUGE serving of meat prepared how ordered - medium rare. Mashed potatoes in its own little crockpot - STEAMING goodness. All that for $29! That's a pretty darn good deal for the amount of meat and with sides. 

I got the Rokerij Steak which was topped with crab (THE REAL STUFF) and jalapeno hollandaise (couldn't taste the jalapeno though). I ordered the grilled beets and GCP (green chile potato) as my sides. The GCP was unique but wasn't for my tastebuds. Beets were great and again, just a hearty portion for $36 - they didn't scrimp on the crab. 

We also got appetizers - bacon wrapped scallops and a turkey chile relleno. Scallops were FAT, cooked well and flavorful (of course it helps with the bacon). Chile relleno with turkey? Um AMAZING. I have NEVER had turkey that moist before and so cheesy and it was laid across four different sauces - hollandaise to a tomatillo like sauce. 

Our bartender/waiter was so nice and attentive and he was just great. 

We will DEFINITELY go back again as there are a TON of unique and interesting menu items. And NEXT TIME I AM BRINGING my camera!