Well after tonight's dinner I left very full as I usually do when I leave Rokerij. But we did not leave satisfied with the service or with that normal food high ( Damn that was delicious I want more, right now) as I have in the past 5 years we have been patrons, which is a bummer. 

Over the last 2 or so years I feel like we've seen their best servers and bartenders all leave! Makes you wonder. Anyway, Service was one of the things we initially loved about Rokerij's intimate setting and it really sucked tonight. 

We sat downstairs at the bar top like we usually do. There were 5 other people as guests downstairs. It wasn't busy although it happened to be during the late night happy hour. The bartender( name on our bill says Phil)  seemed immediately annoyed. Cheer up Phil. 

I won't bore you with what we ordered, but it was the bartenders attitude and rude demeanor that were extremely off putting. 

You couldn't even call the 5 people seated downstairs a crowd, I shouldn't have to flag you down to put in 2 appetizers! I want to eat, and spend money! 

Hey, I know everyone has rough days. I actually had a tough day at work and came here thinking I could relax and unwind! We came with the full intent of ordering entrees( and both did)  but his assumption that we were just in it for the 5$ apps was an amateur move and rude. He rolled his eyes when I asked if we could put in our order for entrees. That should have been my cue to just stick with the apps since that seemed to be as much as this dude could handle. 

Mind you, it was only 1030 and the kitchen closes at midnight so it's not like we were super last minute.

He never once asked us how any of the food was because it was apparent he didn't care. Shame. One app came out cold ( luckily I am a slave to sloppy joes and was starving so I quickly gobbled it up anyway) and my burger was dry and not cooked to order. Which has never happened to me when previously ordering here. 

As soon as our entrees arrived , shortly after 11pm, he was already starting to clean up the bar (which is open til 1 am). Suddenly beside me he is slamming down overgrown tulips in bud vases and blown out votive candles from all the surrounding tables. Ex-nay ambiance. As well as the salt n pepper shakers. Coulda used that for my entree, ha! 

I also had to ask for the bill twice. What gives? I bet Richardson (the owner) doesn't stress out about yelp reviews but as repeat loyal guests we felt unwelcome and disappointed by the serious lack of service, which is important to us. 

I'm not so dramatic that I'll say we're never going back, because I live down the street and this has been one of our fave places.. just disappointed that I have to *hope* it's going to be better next time. Ugh.