We live within walking distance of Las Glorias, that said, it wouldn't matter where we were coming from... the food is so good we would make a trip for it.  Thankfully we don't have to. 

This locally owned restaurant is amazing, beyond the good food the place is comfortable, like many establishments today, it has multiple TV's normally showing sports events. There are also tables and booths out of the visual noise (sound is very low) on the "tele's" so you can have a quiet dinner for two or a family dinner for 6 or 8 just as easy.

Like many who come here we love the chips, salsa, and bean dip they bring to the table when you are seated. The chips are crisp and warm, the salsa mild, and the bean dip is a bit warmer. 

*** Here is a tip, they have a hot salsa that they will bring to your table on request. 

The chips come with the meal and they will refill them as well no charge... It shouldn't be amazing but other establishments charge for this and less. 

Over the last two years we have been here many times so let me tell you that we have more than a few favorites on the menu. One of mine is the Carne Asada Combo ($12.99) and the description on the menu doesn't begin to do it justice. The generous portion of grilled marinated steak is true, but then you get to the beans, not the typical refried beans but a bowl of whole beans in served in a yummy broth topped with cheese crumbles. Then there is the enchilada that is everything you would expect. If you are still reading this and you haven't already started to head over... The real treat with this dish, and it used to be on the menu... you can substitute the enchilada with their chili relleno. The plate comes with a grilled pepper on the side with a dollop of guagamole, some pico de gallo to finish it off.  

*** Ready for another tip... With all the construction on 19th Ave they have a special that you may not know about. The MetroMax Reward Card will get you one meal free with the purchase of two drinks and another meal of greater or similar value. The card can be printed from the WWW.ValleyMetro.org site. They have been doing this special for some time and it doesn't show up on the list participating businesses on the web site... So you have to know... Here is the link to get your own card FREE: http://www.valleymetro.org/images/uploads/agency_transitresearch/LRT2013_METRO_MAX_PANEL_CARD_Web_English.pdf 

Some of the other amazing meals here are the Two Grilled Steak or Chicken Enchiladas, The Camarones Las Glorias are exceptional Cheese stuffed and bacon wrapped shrimp. The Shrimp or Seafood Cocktail will make you think you are at the ocean in Rocky Pointe. The combination meals are terrific values as well.

If you like Menudo, they serve it all weekend... I am a fan.

The only thing we have tried and not been a big fan of is the combination appetizer tray called the Las Glorias Grill Platter. This is a temping item that is not as good as the rest of the menu, having tried it two or three times it just is weak. Not awful but weak in our opinion. Favorite Appetizers would but the Quesadilla with steak or chicken or the Cheese Crisp. The Shrimp Tostada also makes for a good starter for two if you don't mind sharing.

I can go on and on... They have beer, wine and a full bar... the special is a 99 cent margarita available any time they are open. 

If your in the mood for a great meal from south of the border, or just a great meal at a great price this place won't let you down. Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner you will be happy to have been here, and thinking about heading back again.