I have been dying to come to this place for several years, but just didn't get around to it.  I met the original owner/chef years ago on the way to Mexico City and since then I wanted to visit the restaurant.  Well thanks to Groupon, it was the final motivation to my butt in there.  First off, I don't truly classify this restaurant as "mexican" food as most people know it.  The food is much more complex than typical mexican food and thats the part I love about it.  I was there on a Tuesday evening around 5pm.  The place was already busy inside, but I was never greeted at the entrance by anyone.  I simply walked in, looked around and found more comfort at the bar outside.  The bartender was young, new and not really experienced enough to give me great insight into the menu selections, but that was ok, he was new to the place.  I observed the level of service throughout and service or greeting of people arriving at the restaurant was almost an after thought. But hey, Groupon was expiring and they were getting busy.  It seemed to catch them off guard.  

Chips and Salsa were very good and both salsas had excellent, mild flavor, but didn't over power anything.  You could truly enjoy the taste of the salsa.  I wasn't sure if there were nopales in the salsa, so I asked, but didn't get an answer.  I next ordered the Huitlacoche crepas (9.95), they were very good, slightly sweet with plenty of cheese in the crepe and topped with a ample amount of pomegranate.  It was good, but I would not order it again, more because of the sweetness of it, rather than the creation itself.  It was well presented and very tasty.  My meal was brought to me shortly after the arrival of the appetizer, consequently my meal was returned, and later brought back, but not quite as hot.  But it was DELICIOUS.  The Lamb Adobo is certainly an item not to be missed.   It was tender and juicy, ample amount of food and the Adobo (Ancho chilie sauce ))was extremely good.   I had it with a side of rice and beans, although the portions of both were smaller than I would have expected.  The Lamb Adobo is clearly a winner on their menu, and is the motivating factor to return and try other unique and delicious dinners.  

I waited for a check for more than 20 minutes and then once the credit card was placed, it took another 10 minutes to notice it.  They were busy, I'll give them that.  However with the food as great as it is, I would hope that service levels could be escalated.  Simple things such as recognizing you when you enter the building even to say "we'll be right with you" is all it takes.  Checking on you after you have your meal are basic service elements that can use improvement at this establishment.  For my first, much anticipated visit, I was relatively disappointed only in the service levels, but certainly not the food.  The food is delciouis and I will be back.