It had been many years since we had been to Los Sombreros, as we usually end up at Frank and Lupes's if we are this close to Old Town. Now, the first issue is the style of the food: some people do not consider ANY kind of Mexican food to be "gourmet" or worth any combo plate being more than $8.95.I grew up on Mexican food, and it's changed to include other areas of Mexico - the seafood of the Yucatan, the European influence of Oaxaca. It's not "fusion"....it's all Mexico, but most of us have had limited exposure to what Mexican food can really do!
We arrived early on a Saturday and settled in on the patio - prettier than I remember and furnished nicely. We were immediately welcomed and escorted to a table. They could really use a guitarist on nice evenings. We ordered the Huitlacoche Crepas after I read the reviews here on Yelp. They were in-cred-i-ble with the earthiness of the mushroom-like fungus (sorry, I couldn't come up with a better word), the sweetness of the corn, and the compatible contrast of the cheese and a drizzle of pomagranet sauce. I don't know why a previous reviewer posted regarding the crepes being too sweet, as the sauce was not overly plentiful, and I would not have liked the dish to be swimming in the sweet sauce either. My husband had the carnitas which were wonderfully lean and smoky. However, when he tasted my Smoked Chicken Enchiladas, he absolutely rolled his eyes in ecstasy. Normally, I might have avoided a Tomatillo sauce, as it can be too bright and citrus-y, but this was just a blend of flavors that made me utter continual "Mmmmmmmm's" with every bite, and although I could have finished the plate, I left just enough to enjoy for a small lunch the next day. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!! With drinks (3), appetizer, 2 Entrees, tip - the bill was about $100, and worth it. We will be back soon.
2nd review - April, 2012  - I have removed a star. The hostess was rude, seating on the front patio is horrendous.....noise, the smell of the street, and the table in the corner sits at such a slant that you have to hold on to your drink. We introduced new Scottsdale residents to the restaurant that night, and they wished we had taken them back to Frank and Lupe's. So, Los Sombreros needs to prioritize consistency  - which probably isn't going to happen in such a small space