I've become a regular here, and I actually begin to miss this place if I go more than a couple of weeks without a visit.  It isn't so much that the ambiance readily engages or celebrates Mexican spirit and charm (it doesn't), or that seating is otherwise comfortable and spacious (it can be tight and some inside tables sit high).  But the food is amazing, the margaritas are my favorites anywhere, and the service has been excellent (with one rare exception when it seemed to take exorbitantly long for our waitress to initially appear).  

I'm one of those rare individuals in the southwest who doesn't generally care for guacamole ... pureed avocado (to baby food consistency) with chopped tomatoes is generally not my thing.  But I genuinely can't get enough of the guacamole at Sombreros.  Its chunky avocado, cilantro, tomatoes, lime, and cheese are perfectly put together and served with chips that can carry the load while still managing to be light.  My wife and I typically throw caution to the wind (given that we intend to order dinner entrees, as well), and order the large portion.  There's never any left and we duel for the last bits with warring chips (I hate to admit I lose most of the time).  Although the guacamole is by far our favorite, other appetizers are excellent as well.  The queso fundido (with multiple choices for fillings) is very good, and my wife swears by the huitlacoche crepas, which she often has as a main course to follow the guacamole.

We've never had any entrée that didn't live up to expectation, and the Puerco en Chipotle is a favorite that is hard to ignore every time we come.  The pork is incredibly tender and juicy, the chipotle sauce (more like a juice) is spicy without being overwhelming.  With a couple of warm tortillas if you want them, its hard to leave a bite behind.  The Lamb Adobo is excellent as well, and the Pollo con Espinacas (with a chipotle cream sauce) is a spicy taste treat.  The Puerco en Mole Verde received high marks as well.  The entrees come with two traditional sides, and beans, rice, etc. are all fine but nothing exceptional.

Always hoping to find a great margarita when we're out, I've tried many.  There are some good ones to be found to be sure, but I'm impressed by the quality and pour at Sombreros.  My personal favorite is the Cadillac, but there are many excellent ones from which to choose and an outstanding selection of tequilas if you're partial to shots and chasers.  

It's been a couple of weeks since I've been there ... I'm feeling the pull.