Los Sombreros offers much more on the menu than most Mexican Restaurants I've been too. They offer many plates with interesting ingredient combinations of all kinds and a wide selection of different proteins for dinner that includes different fish options. 

I noticed a charge on the menu for chips and salsa but depending on what you order the fee is waved as we didn't ask for chips and salsa but they were given to us. I do note the chips were thin and hot and fresh and seemed free of grease. The one smooth tomato salsa was very hot and the other salsa was chunky and very smokey.

One of the MOST DELICIOUS THINGS I TRIED THIS YEAR was the Huitlacohe crepas from here.  For those who are unfamiliar with Huitiacohe it's considered to be a delicacy and grows on sick corn and is also called a Mexican Truffle. BUT I DO NOTE the crepes had so many flavors and textures in them I didn't recognize the Huitlacohe in them and I had Huitlacohe in Mexico a bunch of times and here in the valley a few times so I know what to look for. But the crepes were so delicious it doesn't matter to me. The lightly buttered thin perfect crepes with tasty fresh sweet corn, just the right amount of blue and goat cheese fot the right amount of tang and salt. Maybe the huitiacohe was part of the magic to the blend of flavors. Chewy cranberries and that drizzle of pomegranate sauce It was so good I will have a difficult time to come here and not order it again. Honestly I could enjoy this plate as a dessert because it did have some sweetness to it. I think it could be an EXCELLENT dessert plate.

I had trout like I never had it before. For one thing the portion was very large and I had to take half of it home. The fish was in a familiar lemon butter with capers sauce but it was topped with pickled cauliflower salad with almonds and caramelized onions. It was very unusual. I really enjoyed the side vegetables as they were so fresh and cooked but crispy and cut the right size for eating easily. The mixed vegetables had a surprise of crunchy chayote squash in them that livened them up. The side of rice was seasoned in a very tasty way too.

My companion had the Pork Chipotle and he said it was moist and very flavorful he enjoyed it very much.

I noticed they have a nice patio but in the 110 degree weather it's too hot to sit outside so we had to dine indoors. The inside is somewhat small and crammed. The few small normal tables were already occupied so we had to sit at a high top table. That really is the only thing I didn't care for since I'm only five foot zero i have to leap up and try to land on the sliding cushion and some how rock the chair to push it in.

Service was friendly , cheerful and efficient.