Coming into the Phoenix area for a family party, we stopped off at Los Sombreros for some margaritas and Mexican on an otherwise cooler night in the valley of the sun. 

I was told they are very picky about reservations and, if your party isn't complete, no table. So our 6pm reservation was now in jeopardy because the last two of us (me and my fiance) were running late due to issues on the ramp at Sky Harbor airport, obviously out of our control. But they still didn't want to seat us...  additionally, I overhead on the way to the place that they would only "try" to do their best to accommodate our party, making it sound like they were booked up solid until closing....typical Scottsdale always trying to look more happening and hot than it really is. 

Moving on, we somehow "lucked out" (go figure) and had a table no problem, so all the stress caused by the hostess was unnecessary and, in my opinion, pretty unprofessional, especially since the restaurant was empty by 8pm, again, typical Scottsdale. 

The menu was brief, and I almost had to double check I wasn't looking at an appetizer. Most of the items are typical Mexican staples with a bit of a Southwestern American twist to them making the food a hit or miss if you ask me, some items were good, some were not. But that's really anywhere I suppose. 

The one thing that stood out for me was the Guac. I will say this was flat out delicious but Guac is pretty had to screw up. 

The margaritas in my opinion reminded me of something you'd get more at Chilis, a little too sweet for my liking but definitely drinkable. 

The fundidto appetizer we ordered left the table empty twice and well I'm not really one to combine seafood and cheese, this blend seemed to have a harmony with others and I'd recommend it to a first timer, +1 if you request to add spinach. 

Finally moving on to the entrees, different contraptions from the kitchen filled our table with vibrant colors, assortments and sizes. 

I myself ordered what I was told is sort of the house specialty ,call it carnitas mixed in a chipotle sauce with veggies type of deal. While it was tasteful and was more than enough to get the job done for me, the flavor of the pork wasn't really there, at, all. 

I browsed over a couple other reviews and noted the same complaint but hey that's what hot sauce is for I guess. 

Overall it's an alternative to the chains hoarding Scottsdale road.