I was visiting Scottsdale and was looking for great Mexican food.  I live in Boston, where we have great food, and even a couple of very good Mexican restaurants, but I figured that in the Southwest, Mexcellence would abound.  Boy, was I wrong!  

I read all the reviews on Yelp of dozens of restaurants, and finally decided to try Los Sombreros for a late dinner on Friday night, Feb 6 2009.  I was in AZ by myself, so I figured I'd eat at the bar and get a great eye on how the place worked.  Many Yelpers mentioned a lively bar scene, Steve the bartender, his attentiveness & his margaritas, so I headed there hoping he'd be working. 

Well, no Steve.  And my first disappointment was that not one Yelper mentioned that the bar is OUTSIDE!!  I know it's Arizona, but a cold front had come through & it was only 48 degrees.  I'm a Bostonian.  I'm not afraid of the cold, but if even one Yelper had mentioned that the bar was outdoors, I'd have chosen another restaurant.  The bar also has only 6 seats (well, 7 if you count the one where the pole in your face is closer to you than the worst seat at Fenway or in the old Boston Garden - that seat lacks bar top space sufficient to even hold a drink).

As a salsamaniac, I was looking forward to the salsa because so many Yelpers had raved about it.  People!!  When the salsa is a tomatillo salsa, you should at least mention that fact!  42 reviews and not one person thought to mention that the salsa is green?!?  I love tomatillos, but I was looking forward to a tomato-based salsa and didn't get one.  And as tomatillo salsas go, this was average, at very best. 

I loved the fact that later in the evening, Los Sombreros re-activates its happy hour menu & offers a variety of plates for $5. That was cool, and I tried the guac & chips.  Again, disappointment.    The avocado had some brown spots and the chunks were so big that they snapped every single chip I tried to use to "dip" into the guac.  The only way to eat it was to use the fork to pick up the avocado chunks and put them on the chips.  I can't even say that the avocado was diced.  It was chunked, at best, so the "guacamole" consisted of chunks of avocado & a little seasoning. 

And speaking of the chips . . . at even an average Mexican restaurant, I expect them to be warm & well-salted.  These were cold, slightly stale, huge and virtually salt-free. 

I ordered a margarita.  At a Mexican restaurant, especially when I'm seated at the bar, I don't expect to see my margarita poured out of a pre-mixed bottle.  And I don't expect it to taste worse than the pre-mixed Cuervo margaritas we had at the last Jimmy Buffett tailgate.  If crowds necessitate making your house margarita in batches ahead of time, that's understandable.  But don't pour from the big tub for the people actually seated at the bar.  That's just dumb bar management. 

My entree was a delicious sounding shrimp, tortilla & cheese concoction (I apologize for neglecting to write down its actual name).  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good, either.  It arrived looking like a Mexican shrimp & cheese casserole, with pieces of tortilla so large that two cuts of each tortilla piece were necessary in order to create an appropriately-sized bite.  The shrimp were delicious, but come on - how tough is it to cook shrimp?  The tortillas, tomatoes and cheese were messy & melty, but there was nothing special about the dish.  The strongest flavor came from the shrimp, and that should tell you a lot. 

Overall, I felt cheated.  I wasted one of my few evenings in Scottsdale on Mexican food and a restaurant experience easily beatable on Route 1 in Medford, MA at anyplace with a sombrero you choose to try.  

Seriously - steer well clear of Los Sombreros.  You can save a bundle by going to the grocery store & picking up some Old El Paso.  It won't be worse.