my first experience was great. i loved the el pollo fundido, and love the salsa. i finally took my wife and daughter there months later, things were still good, i again had the pollo fundido, my daughter had beef mini chimis, although she received chicken instead of beef and that was our issue with that visit. I took my daughter there again yesterday, she wanted beef mini chimis and i wanted a chimichanga as well. we found the only table available since it was busy, no biggie. the waitress didn't seem confident in herself or something. she was very quiet and didn't smile much, again no biggie. my 7yr needed to use the restroom but she didn't know what to do since the womens was out of order, i got up to help her in the mens room to make sure things were clean for her then walked out so that she can do her business. was gone 3 minutes approx. i walk to our table and it was in the process of being cleaned off and i was shocked. the gentlemen apologized brought out new chips and salsa and utinsils. it's ok i understand it was busy, but pay attention to detail. ive owned a pizza franchise which had dine in available so i know how to handle it. when our food came out, my daughter wanted rice with her meal but received french fries, so the server apologized and took her plate to correct it. it came back maybe 2 min later corrected so we thought. my daughter took a bite of her chimis and it was chicken, so i waived down the waitress and told her about mistake number 2, she apologized and took her plate away again to have it corrected. they offered to comp her portion of the meal, whatever i hate complaining and have always had patience and understanding but lately it seems the entire food industry is going down hill. how hard is it to pay attention to detail. i've dealt with customer complaints before, corrected and tried to "wow" the customer to gain confidence in my product.  Morenos food is excellent, i love everything about the food, I just wish the service and attention to detail was there. i'm willing to give 1 more attempt before calling it quits because the food is so good.  please management, train the employees to pay attention. please because i do not wish to go elsewhere.